iii) Coverage of 5 lakh for each family, (no restriction of family size)
For many of these reforms to be successful we need a strong banking system.
Rs.90,000 crores is not a small amount.
I thank President Putin for his support.
We think O Great!
The 1st of January, 2018, i.e. tomorrow, in my view, is a special day.
No. 38 in the list of STs of Karnataka.
I had promised you to save this nation so is my action.
We have to make efforts to attack this attitude.
3. Relief assistance to Sri Lankan refugees staying in camps in Tamil Nadu and Odisha.
The project will be implemented by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Ltd.
He said that the Government is committed that farmers should feel that from ‘Beej Se Bazaar’ (Seed to Market), how various initiatives helped the farmers to improve traditional farming.
In this era of instant outrage, a 35 year old law is presented as a new law being passed by the NDA Government.
Providing security to people in Kashmir is the responsibility of the administration.
Compliance with the Convention shall ensure enhanced security in the supply chain as only approved transporters and vehicles are allowed to operate in terms of the Convention.
2. Prime Minister welcomed the three leaders to India for participation in the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit and also for accepting the invitation to be Chief Guests at the Republic Day celebrations on 26th January this year.
And, between us we have the ability to generate access to cost efficient technologies.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of Easter.
Through these initiatives, combined with the new eco-system of a formal economy and a unified tax regime, we are trying to create a NEW INDIA.
Games are not just games; they teach us values in life, such as, setting targets, building up determination, developing team spirit and fostering mutual co-operation.
And, terrorism and extremism are a global force that are larger than their changing names, groups, territories and targets.
This legislative proposal will fulfil a long-standing demand of the maritime legal fraternity.
The purpose of levying cess for secondary and higher education is to provide adequate resources for secondary and higher education.
Making politics an all pervasive, powerful factor is not an effective way for a healthy society.
Automated online building plan approval in 13 states;
He said more sports infrastructure would be added in future.
Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Disaster Management (22-23 August 2016, Udaipur) 5.
While the programme will make sure no Indian is houseless, it will also generate a large amount of employment – that too, mainly for the unskilled, the semi-skilled and the poor.
AREAS OF COOPERATION
HCT UAE is a community of more than 23,000 students and 2,000 staff based on 17 modern, technology-enhanced campuses in Abu Dhabi, Al Ain, Dubai, Fujairah, Madinat Zayed, Ras Al Khaimah, Ruwais and Sharjah, making it the largest higher education institution in the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
But on the other hand, we were ranked close to one hundred in the global corruption perceptions ranking two years back.
3. Agreement on Academic and Educational Exchange and Memorandum to Academic and Educational Exchange Agreement between Hiroshima University, Japan and Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, India (IIT BOMBAY)（January 2018）
Sister Nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads.
The Convention came into force on 3rd December, 1986.
With hundreds of languages and dialects, many states, and major religions, India is proud to be one of the most diverse nations in the world.
(iii) In July, 2010, a draft cabinet note was circulated by the HRD Ministry wherein it was proposed to create a non-lapsable fund in the Public Account called “Madhyamik and Uchchatar Shiksha Kosh” (MUSK) as a receptacle for the proceeds of the Secondary and Higher Education Cess.
Electronic filing of returns now covers 85% of all tax returns.
v. Drugs and Pharmaceutical products/hospital equipments
Distinguished guests,
• Our two countries have the unique benefit of opposite seasons
PM lauded Sardar Patel’s role as a Mayor of Ahmedabad who led by example with his drive for health, hygiene and cleanliness in the city.
9. We want to change the situation where people are scared of income tax authorities, particularly among middle class families
The OCI and PIO schemes have been rolled into one.
We will convert waste to energy.
Under the revised guidelines, the Finance Minister has been authorised to relax or waive any of the above conditions.
It is said that LalBahadurShastriji used to preserve old and worn out Khadi clothes because some one’s labour could be felt in the making of those clothes.
It laid the foundations of Quantum Statistics and a basis for modern Atomic Theory.
Summing up the interaction, the Prime Minister appreciated the role of the Swachhagrahis, and said their role would always be remembered in history.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
“The teachings of Lord Buddha are extremely relevant in the 21st century.
I thank the people of this country and salute them for participating in this Mahayagya against black money and corruption with utmost zeal.
Early every morning, Jasmer Singh used to leave for work before Rajani and her siblings woke up.
He said that there is a new energy and vibrancy in India’s development journey.
There is also a high global demand for textiles and apparel manufactured in our country.
We are at the tipping point where technology is going to be leveraged to meet the aspirations of our 1.25 billion citizens.
· BRICS Tourism Senior Officials meeting (Gauteng)
Currently, different transporters are charging different marketing margins for supply of natural gas.
In the field of women empowerment, the Prime Minister explained how toilets built under Swachh Bharat Mission, and LPG connections under Ujjwala Yojana are making the lives of women easier.
• To encourage member countries to prepare and implement their National Action Plans in curbing wildlife crime and to collaborate towards effective implementation.
Millions of Indians responded to Mahatma Gandhi’s clarion call and the mantra of ‘Do or Die’; they flung themselves into the struggle.
Today, the saint community will have to come forward towards this end also.
“The demise of Mr. Rishang Keishing leaves a great void in the politics of the Northeast, a region he served with great diligence.
I knew him personally for over four decades.
It is not for the government alone to maintain cleanliness.
On the 19th of May, Sangeeta Bahal, aged more than 50, scaled the Everest.
In its journey of 25 years, it has created an atmosphere of hope and confidence in the countrymen.
He urged these youth organizations to mobilize to the greatest extent possible, to dovetail and contribute to these efforts.
Economists generally believe that human beings are rational.
We have already resolved a number of regulatory and policy issues facing the businesses and companies.
The proposed amendments to the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881 (“The NI Act”) are focused on clarifying the jurisdiction related issues for filing cases for offence committed under section 138 of the NI Act.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its ex-post facto approval on the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Croatia in the field of tourism.
We have sought feedback even on minor issues.
6. The leaders underlined the importance of regular high level contacts to enhance India-EU co-operation and mutual understanding.
Addressing a large public meeting, the Prime Minister said that he is delighted to come to a land closely associated with the great poet Ramdhari Singh Dinkar Ji.
i. To strengthen cooperation to prevent to all forms of human-trafficking, especially that of women and children and ensure speedy investigation and prosecution of traffickers and organized crime syndicates in either country.
He said programmes such as LED bulb distribution had already resulted in huge power savings.
This needed to be corrected, the Prime Minister added.
iii. To enable these institutions to grant degrees to their students in the academic courses conducted by them.
He asked all Chief Secretaries to further boost efforts to increase registration under GST, and to achieve a quantum jump in this regard within a month.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired a high level meeting on the drought and water scarcity situation in parts of Maharashtra.
Have a large perspective and a goal, and move ahead.
Through the course of the day, the Prime Minister held separate, detailed review meetings on the situation in the States of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland.
Vice-President of India visited Brunei in February 2016.
He has given a brief but very beautiful message to all students.
He was a confidant of Chandra ShekharJi and every person has unique traits about the dignity and values of the office he holds.
During the visit, Prime Minister Rasmussen will inaugurate the Danish Cultural Institute and the new building of Danish Embassy in New Delhi on 19 January 2019.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
A partnership that would also create new economic opportunities.
But earlier she would borrow money at high rates and barely manage her business.
Benefits: The population of 23 lakh of Bhopal agglomeration area is expected to be benefitted by Bhopal Metro Rail Project directly and indirectly.
It will lead to all-round economic and socio-cultural integration of these regions.
ISRO will be responsible for realizing the flight hardware through Industry.
He did paintings of many animals and birds, he also painted many landscapes, and not only that he also tried to depict many human characters by etching them on canvas.
He recalled the sacrifices of the brave police personnel who fought valiantly at Hot Springs, Ladakh and paid respects to their family and loved ones.
Besides there is a clear plan to provide electricity to every village by 2018.
How are we going to respond to these challenges that we do not even know could arise?
The European Union has been our largest trade partner for a long time.
The Saubhagya Scheme has been launched a few days ago to provide free electricity connections to the poor people.
We have rationalised our norms and made it simple for businesses to establish and grow.
Almost 300 million bank accounts with deposits of over 685 billion rupees, or over 10 billion dollars, have been opened through the Jan Dhan Yojana.
Digital Platform for National Agriculture Market to be launched on Babasaheb Ambedkar’s birth anniversary on April 14th
It will provide wider choice of services at competitive costs to the air-travelers and give a boost to domestic/international tourism and socio-economic development of Andhra Pradesh by bringing in international passengers and cargo traffic.
All I would like to say to you is ‘Be calm, enjoy life, seek inner happiness in life.
Brothers and sisters, it requires money.
They agreed to remain engaged closely with each other and with other G20 members to realize the full potential of the G20 as the premier forum for international economic cooperation as well as for successful outcomes at the G20 Summits.
The India-Israel Innovation Bridge will act as a link between the Start-ups of the two sides.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Canada for cooperation in the field of Science & Technology.
• This is necessary to fight the enemy of poverty;
We regard UAE as an important partner in India’s growth story.
iii. Improved availability of quality AYUSH drugs by increased number of quality pharmacies and Drug Testing Laboratories coupled with stringent enforcement mechanism.
Both leaders agreed to deepen and strengthen the bilateral ties based on shared principles and values of democracy, freedom, rule of law and respect for human rights.
I had requested last time too and now, while remembering Lokmanya Tilak, I will once again urge all of you to celebrate Ganesh Utsav with great enthusiasm and fervour whole heartedly but insist on keeping these celebrations eco-friendly.
In a Facebook post the Prime Minister said:
In fact, I do not miss any opportunity of meeting her.
I am confident that Strong India and Strong Japan will also be a stabilising factor in Asia and the world.
Without human dignity, no country can move forward in a balanced way.
30. The Sides agreed to further enhance their cooperation in the field of Information and Communications Technology, particularly in Electronics System Design & Manufacturing, Software development, Supercomputing, E-Government, Public Services Delivery, Network Security, Security in the use of Information and Communication Technologies, Fin-tech, Internet of Things, standardization, radio control and regulation of radio frequency spectrum.
If this is added to the soil, it will be doubly beneficial.
1. exchange of visits and missions of experts;
We remain strongly committed to that goal.
Dr. Fayez Tarawneh, Chief of The Royal Hashemite Court of Jordan called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
He gets the best experts to ensure justice is done to the work assigned, the Prime Minister added.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today described former President Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam as one who was a “Rashtra-Ratna” before a “Rashtrapati.”
India is a source and transit country as far as trafficking to Bahrain is concerned.
The Prime Minister spoke of the vast shared values and common heritage between India and Ireland, which, he said, included the struggle for freedom.
Men and women from South Asia migrate voluntarily to Bahrain to work as domestic workers or as unskilled laborers in the construction and service industries.
The scheme will provide a cover of Rs. 5 lakh per family.
13. I feel that India and UK can partner in harnessing the vast traditional knowledge base in India coupled with modern scientific investigation to provide a holistic approach to preventive healthcare.
In that context, he added, he feels delighted to be inaugurating this Dharmashala.
He will also interact with top American CEOs at an event organized by Time Magazine and Fortune, in collaboration with the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
The Government has recently enacted the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“Code”) for the insolvency resolution of non- financial entities.
What has it led to?
Land measuring 468.08 acres of the other merged Presses will be given to Land & Development Office, Ministry of Urban Development.
My thoughts are with the family and the countless supporters of Karunanidhi Ji in this hour of grief.
I warmly welcome you all to India and to Delhi.
It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.
I am happy to be here in energy filled surroundings.
And, it continues to mould Kenya’s coming generations too.
We are indeed delighted to have the opportunity to host him again.
Q. Does India still consider itself unaligned with either the West or the East?
And why should not things change?
They noted with great concern the growing menace of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
The Joint stamps were released in August, 2018.
But, brave and tireless as the Afghans are in defending their nations, Afghanistan will succeed only when terrorism no longer flows across the border; when nurseries and sanctuaries of terrorism are shut; and, their patrons are no longer in business.
NDRF’s efforts in disaster response, rescue and relief are commendable.
Measures to boost progress in fishery, bee-keeping, pearl culture, and seaweed, were also discussed.
The launch of Ayushman Bharat is also a big step.
A similar effort can be made to make certain localities kerosene-free, he added.
We are also bound by a common belief in democratic values and traditions.
In our system the Government of India has opened up Common Service Centres.
He also commended the people’s participation in the de-siltation of irrigation canals undertaken by the Maharashtra Government.
The nodal agency for the membership would be Earth System Science Organisation – National Institute of Ocean Technology (ESSO-NIOT) under the Ministry of Earth Sciences.
The accession is expected to instill confidence in foreign investors in relation to protection of IPs in India.
It is not just the 21 years that Gandhiji spent in Africa, or the First Non- Cooperation Movement he led.
ASEAN is India’s fourth largest trading partner; India is ASEAN’s seventh.
“On their Independence Day, my greetings to the people of Tajikistan.
In order to promote employment in the North East States, Government is incentivizing primarily the MSME Sector through this scheme.
This finally leads to India becoming a place with better quality of life and higher living standards.
The MoU will promote bilateral relationship between India and Belarus and it is envisaged to enhance the economic and commercial cooperation between the two sides in oil and natural gas sector.
Thereafter, with effect from 1.8.1980, a liberalized scheme, the Swatantrata Sainik Samman Pension Scheme’ is being implemented.
15. Team based incentives to foster spirit of cooperation and encouragement between frontline workers.
Two brave sons of Maharashtra have also sacrificed their lives for nation.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and President Joko Widodo held extensive talks on bilateral, regional and global issues of mutual interest.
The Government has so far given sanctions to build more than 47 lakh houses in urban areas, which is 4 times more than the sanctions given by the previous government in 10 years.
Rabindra Sangeet has all the colours of our country and it is not bound by a language.
Ladies and Gentlemen.
· To encourage farmers for oil palm cultivation in a bigger way.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval for transfer of 58.81 acres of surplus land of Farakka Barrage Project under Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation to Border Security Force under Ministry of Home Affairs for establishment of 04-Battalion Head Quarters of BSF at Khejuriaghat in Mouza Jagannathpur, J.L.No.
This will create a unified system of taxation across the country.
· Meeting of BRICS Bond Fund (BBF) Working Group – 17 to 20 March (Buenos Aires)
The PM took a round through the memorial.
He said that the Bhilai Steel Plant has contributed in a big way to nation-building.
Just economic progress is not enough, social equity is more important.
We are in the process of setting up institutions of eminence that can compete with the best in the world.
In December, 2012 the Board of Trustees (BOT) of IVI approved the formation of its new governance structure.
Thirdly, we have to increase the quality of life of the common citizen and even more so, the quality of life of the poor.
Many many thanks to you.
In addition, the orbital & re-entry mission and recovery operations have been flight demonstrated in Space Capsule Re-entry experiment (SRE) mission.
India salutes our scientists.
f. Clearly define the procedure /implementation of programmes.
Once my 1.25 crores fellow countrymen will move forward with a resolution, then by the dawn of 15th August 2022, when the souls of soldiers who laid down their lives for the freedom will see that the country might have fulfilled 1.25 crores resolutions, 6 lakhs villages might have realized their dreams.
Both leaders exchanged views on further strengthening bilateral relations, including in the fields of trade, investment, energy, and security cooperation.
It will also facilitate movement of people on the basis of valid passports and visas which will enhance economic and social interaction between the two countries.
This is a clear opportunity for global super-market chains considering India as a major outsourcing hub.
The Prime Minister said that this spirit that has been learnt in NCC camps will remain with the Cadets for life.
He said the Government is devoting significant effort to the renewable energy sector.
The Government would provide interest subsidy under the scheme.
Sri Madhavacharya was also the founder of the Krishna Temple here.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
In our path of sustained high growth, and all around development, India counts Israel among its important partners, the Prime Minister said.
India congratulates Punam Yadav for winning the Gold Medal in the 69 Kg women’s weightlifting event.
All of you would have thought that as a doctor he was good, you were finding relief in his treatment and thus you started taking his services regularly.
The Nobel Prize is the world’s recognition at the highest level for creative ideas, thought and work on fundamental science.
These days, we are receiving the news of good rainfall as well as floods from different parts of the country.
He said that this is also the result of breaking silos within the working of the Government.
PM in Assam
Sometimes festivities help to heal wounds and sometimes they are source of renewed energy.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Agreement between India and Bahrain on Cooperation in Combating International Terrorism, Transnational Organized Crime and Trafficking in Illicit Drugs, Narcotic and Psychotropic Substances and Precursors Chemicals and its ratification.
· Meeting of BRICS Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors
And we know that our time has come.
We are keen to build futuristic physical and social infrastructure.
‘Farmer Aunty’ of Muzaffarpur in Bihar, or Rajkumari Devi is very inspiring.
“Saddened by the loss of lives due to the bomb explosion in Ankara.
I was impressed by their understanding of the financial world, and also their contributions to their adopted countries.
The Prime Minister met the President of Sri Lanka, Mr. Maithripala Sirisena.
Shri Narendra Modi expressed happiness that he is visiting the three regions of Jammu and Kashmir today.
Encourage them to join the mainstream of integrity.
This is a major example of how the government has eliminated the social discrimination.
Afghanistan is a close friend.
States/Union Territories will also be requested to celebrate 550th Birth Anniversary of Shri Guru Nanak Devji in a befitting manner.
The concerns of rising environmental issues are not limited to any country but pose a serious challenge to the entire Globe.
6th Informal meeting of BRICS Finance Officials on the margins of FATF(16 February 2016, Paris) 31.
He added that under the present Union Government, there is transparency in the entire process.
The two leaders agreed to strengthen counter-terrorism in Multilateral Fora such as UN, GCTF, FATF and G20 etc.
And I took a pledge of Swacch Bharat from the ramparts of Red Fort.
“A well deserved and historic Gold for the Indian women’s Table Tennis team!
He said that a transformation of villages would ensure a transformation of India.
Ministry of HRD has approved an expenditure of Rs.33.176 crore for the period from 1st April, 2016 to 31st March, 2021 for the entire five years period of Addendum X.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who have been conferred the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
Yoga is a deep philosophy that can help us to walk on the path of salvation or freedom from worries.
He added that despite all the difficulties, a dedicated team of people worked hard to ensure that the dream of electrifying every village is achieved.
Subsequently, the Government has approved creation of a new NIT at Kurnool in Andhra Pradesh as embodied in the Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act, 2014.
And I appeal to every citizen to actively participate in the Cleanliness Survey to be undertaken in the coming days.
My dear countrymen, we don’t want to only dream about the future, but aspire to scale new heights in the future.
For the first time we are progressing in the path of Agriculture Export Policy so as to enable our farmers to emerge powerful in the world market.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday, met and interacted with a group of over 70 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an Agreement between India and Peru which was signed in May, 2018 at Lima, Peru.
About Ayushman Bharat, he said that 8 lakh patients have been benefitted under this scheme while the government has sanctioned more than 1100 crores rupees till date for the scheme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit his Parliamentary Constituency of Varanasi, on the 22nd and 23rd of September.
“As societies, India and Israel are both driven by a strong entrepreneurial mindset.
f. Implementation of an annual workshop in India and CCT Transfer Programme in Japan for bilateral knowledge and technology exchanges.
Keeping in view of the growth in the civil aviation sector and also with a view to modernize and improve seamless air connectivity between the two sovereign nations, the existing Air Services Agreement between India and Morocco has been updated.
Together, the UK government and UK businesses will establish new “Centres of Excellence” in key sectors, starting with a centre for Automotive and Advanced Engineering in Pune.
Under this MoU, both countries will jointly organise various programmes such as forums, seminars, workshops, and training on matters related to innovation; share open source technologies with each other and jointly develop projects (and including partnering with relevant industries in the respective countries) to assist innovators in converting their ideas into commercially viable innovations leading to joint technology development and transfer of technology for Societal benefit.
During the last Summit, India announced a number of new initiatives with the Pacific Islands countries.
At Bhilai, the Prime Minister will dedicate the modernized and expanded Bhilai Steel Plant, to the nation.
The objective of the MoU is to promote the cooperation between the Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises between the two Parties.
This time, India clinched a large number of medals in the Asian Games.
20. We must break through our predilection towards pessimism.
• skill your youth;
In taxation, we have carried out a number of historic reforms.
He unveiled a logo to mark the launch of “Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation” programme.
If in village you set a target f 25 works to be done in 5 years, you can do them easily and with success.
The two leaders will leave for Mirzapur, where they shall inaugurate a solar power plant, before returning to Varanasi.
Incorporating a company is now just a one day affair.
The month of Ramazan is celebrated with full reverence and respect throughout the world.
And at that time he did not know that one day he would become MP.
It gives us knowledge about our history.
We are working tirelessly to fulfil the ideals of Shivaji Maharaj and create an India that he would be proud of.
India shares with ASEAN a commitment to freedom of navigation, over flight and unimpeded commerce, in accordance with accepted principles of international law, including the 1982 UN Convention on the Law of the Sea.
“Extremely pained by the derailment of the Utkal Express in Muzaffarnagar.
And now time has come to reverse the trend of leaving village after attaining the age of 18 for a better life.
The Committee lauded PM’s initiatives to make the government cleaner through anti-corruption measures and demonetization.
I saw a picture of this marriage in social media.
That is why their leaders go to London and do press conferences to show India in bad light.
I have flagged off the fastest train, Tejas between Madurai and Chennai.
Under the MoC, the first Japan-India Workshop on DRR was held in New Delhi in March 2018 with six well-considered sessions such as – Preparedness, Early Warning System and Approaches by Private Sector.
Many experts have agreed that the fundamentals of economy are strong .We have taken several decisions and the process is on.
All its members should take advantage of this.
We stand in support with the Cuban Government and people in this tragic hour.
The amount will be released to the State Government of J&K to be disbursed to eligible families through Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT).
Competent Authority for examining FDI proposals from countries of concern
They were from the Jammu & Kashmir Panchayat Conference.
The violence and arson seen in the last two days is only causing loss to the poor, and to our nation’s property.
Our Start-Up India programme has stimulated a new breed of innovators.
Our weavers put in a lot of hard work.
22,000 rural haats will be upgraded with necessary infrastructure, and integrated with APMC and the e-NAM platform.
This could be the environment in the country.
The Prime Minister will also meet Pakistan Prime Minister in Lahore today.
From the birth anniversary of the great man who gave us the Constitution of India, to 24th April, the day Panchayati Raj was introduced in our country to empower our villages, which are the strongest link of our Constitution.
The participants said that clean and renewable energy will soon be an inexpensive energy option, with electricity storage becoming cheaper.
This government has transformed the entire work culture and has successfully encouraged a time-bound work culture.
Corruption is one of the principal challenges to that objective.
I salute their energy and enthusiasm.
That is how we have come here:
There was a total collusion.
That is why I refer to the Small Island States as Large Ocean States.
The newly appointed trustee Shri Amitbhai Shah was welcomed by the board.
Rs 1000 for LMV
This will provide a more efficient, flexible and dynamic policy for crude procurement, eventually benefiting the consumers.
• Let us commit ourselves together once again;
Shahid Abdulla, Minister of Foreign Affairs
The funding of the new University/Institute is to entirely come from Ministry of Railways.
Memorandum Of Understanding on Academic and Educational Exchange betwen Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad, India and Hiroshima University, Japan.
A record allocation of Rs. 14.5 lakh crores has been made for rural development and agriculture.
Women Entrepreneurs have also come forward in very large numbers.
I also conveyed our interest in concluding a social security agreement, which will be of great help to professionals from both countries.
Noting that the River Narmada does not emerge from snows, but from trees, the Prime Minister said the Madhya Pradesh Government’s big tree plantation programme will also be a great service to humanity.
The Air Force, Navy, Army, BSF, CISF, RAF, every agency has played an exemplary role in the rescue & relief operations.
We will continue to enhance currency cooperation, consistent with each central bank’s legal mandate, and to explore more modalities of the cooperation.
He also met alumni of Indian educational institutions.
With this approach, Cabinet has approved the Umbrella Scheme of PM-AASHA with three sub-schemes i.e. Price Support Scheme (PSS), Price Deficiency Payment Scheme (PDPS) and pilot of Private Procurement & Stockist Scheme (PDPS).
Next destination of PM after Barauni is in Jharkhand where he will visit Hazaribagh and Ranchi.
He said the EoDB rank has improved by 65 spots in this period.
It is our duty that we abide by our Constitution in letter and spirit.
He then witnessed an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by select beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government of Rajasthan.
Ladies and Gentlemen:
· 6th Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Science, Technology and Innovation – 3 July (Durban)
In the visitors’ book, the Prime Minister wrote:
Russia has always been a source of strength for us.
In addition, there will be an Administration Block, AYUSH Block, Auditorium, Night Shelter, Hostels and residential facilities.
I invite you to share your ideas and inputs for my speech, through the ‘Narendra Modi Mobile App.’
Take one or another step towards cleanliness.
With these feelings, I extend my best wishes to you all.
Applauding the efforts of NRIs, particularly Saurashtra Patel community, Prime Minister said that NRIs have always made India proud.
A tower infrastructure company essentially owns the passive infrastructure asset and leases it to telecom service providers enabling them to minimize duplication of investments and economize on costs of Operation and Maintenance (O&M), thereby improving profitability.
G20 efforts must be aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals, adopted this year, particularly with the number one goal of elimination of all poverty by 2030.
However, most of the States have expressed reservations.
Over 100 Indian athletes from 13 different disciplines have qualified for the Rio Olympics.
India’s ranking for ‘Ease of Doing Business’ has come risen by 65 places.
We welcome cooperation among energy companies of both States in modernizing the existing power stations and building new ones in the territory of India.
Anagha, Jayesh and many other children from Chennai have written & posted to me their heartfelt thoughts on the gratitude cards, the post script to the book ‘Exam Warriors’.
But, we are not satisfied.
Narendra Modi believes in honouring national heroes, those who have sacrificed a lot for the unity, security, sovereignty and development of our beloved nation.
Under GST, for the first time, the central and the state governments will work together towards the same direction.
The MoU is expected to take forward information exchange on policies, programmes and technologies relating to enhanced energy efficiency and demand side management.
The Prime Minister visited Kerala to review the situation arising out of floods in the State.
The Prime Minister acknowledged the rise of sporting talents from the small towns in India and emphasized the need for continuously nurturing them.
“HH Pramukh Swami Maharaj, a stalwart among humans who embodied compassion & humility.
You must be wondering what a railway station has got to do with women empowerment.
We did what was pending for three years.
Following the 3rd Joint Working Group Meeting held in Kuala Lumpur on 28–30 September 2015, both sides will work on implementing the decisions made in the Meeting for fostering cooperation in English language training, Technical Vocational Education and Training (TVET), e-governance, training institute collaboration, retirement benefits management, taxation data and business intelligence, and project implementation and oversight;
He mentioned that the world is witnessing a financial inclusion revolution in India.
As India gets ready to celebrate 75 years of Independence in 2022, come let us remember Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev, Rajguru.
I know that people are upset with the law which we have passed.
This country can never forget Atalji’s contributions.
The establishment of new AIIMS will not only provide super speciality health care to the population but also result in creation of a large pool of doctors and other health workers in this region which can be available for primary and secondary level institutions / facilities being created under National Health Mission (NHM).
Airport infrastructure management and air navigation services;
This will lead to expeditious disposal of cases.
None of you will believe that in a country of 125 crore people, one and a half, only one and a half lakh people exist, whose taxable income is more than 50 lakh rupees.
If the malpractice is a challenge before the society, the modern saint community can also provide its solution.
The challenge before us is of technology, particularly with respect to storage.
He also thanked France for supporting India’s membership of the Australia Group.
The funding pattern for FM Component for works in general category States will continue to be 50% (Centre) : 50% (State) and for projects of North Eastern States, Sikkim, J&K, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand, the funding pattern will continue to be 70% (Centre) : 30% (State).
He was a remarkable soul whose exemplary service and humanitarian efforts positively impacted countless lives.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
The MoU also includes further collaboration on the definition, learning, and evaluation of the professional qualities and skills and competencies of entry-level Chartered Accountants.
Only when you get adequate sleep, your vocal chords will be able to rest fully.”
Prime Minister will also dedicate to the nation an inland waterways terminal on river Ganga in Varanasi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his twenty-seventh interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister began by congratulating the team which enabled India to successfully host the BRICS Summit in Goa a few weeks ago.
“Baisakhi Greetings to everyone.
It was Grierson’s Linguistic Survey of India that provided the first scientifically based taxonomy of the Indo-Aryan languages within which the linguistic status of various forms of Hindi, Urdu and other Indo-Aryan speech forms could be based.
He said that the recently concluded session of Parliament, was one dedicated to the cause of social justice.
It has been three months since it has been implemented.
This will be backed by a well-defined Grievance Redressal Mechanism.
Our focus is on connectivity.
The Prime Minister said that the 330 MW Kishanganga Hydropower project would go a long way in fulfilling the electricity requirements of the State.
They reaffirmed their commitment to be a part of India’s growth story.
Your Excellency, President Johann Schneider-Ammann,
And there are many families who have written to me these very feelings.
Thusa New India is emergingwhich will be modern and competitiveand yet caring and compassionate.
This number is larger than the population of many countries of the world.
For that we must come together in a partnership to bring clean energy within the reach of all.
President Tran Dai Quang thanked President Kovind and the friendly people of India for their gracious hospitality, and cordially extended an invitation to President Kovind to visit Viet Nam at an early date.
This is the basic thinking of our society.
Prime Minister Prachanda spoke about the ongoing efforts of his government to take all stakeholders on board in the constitution implementation process.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following schemes of M/o DONER for continuation till March, 2020:
I laud @DettolIndia & @ndtv for the initiative.
Once again, I bow and pay tributes to the two great sons of Bharat Mata – Lokmanya Tilakji and Chandrasekhar Azad ji.
Hence, the Repatriation of Prisoners Act, 2003 was enacted for serving the above purpose.
It is a key aspect of learning, he emphasized.
This success is the result of a series of concerted policies.
The tag line of DefExpo this year is “‘India: The Emerging Defence Manufacturing Hub” to showcase India’s capability in export of defence systems and components.
I look forward to working with all of you to make this commemoration a success.
They should think about the need for their child to stay relaxed.
Congress bullies the judiciary but Modi is destroying institutions.
On behalf of the sub-group of Chief Ministers on Rationalization of Centrally Sponsored Schemes, the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh, Shri Shivraj Singh Chouhan, today presented to the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, the final report of the sub-group of Chief Ministers on rationalization of Centrally Sponsored Schemes (CSS).
This cooperation will be extended to other airports with mutual consent.
Merger of Plan and Non Plan classification in Budget and Accounts:
FAO’s programme for rural poverty reduction supports governments and national stakeholders in overcoming the hurdles laced by the rural poor and by aligning agricultural sector and food security policies with broader rural development objectives.
2. Benefits of the scheme are portable across the country and a beneficiary covered under the scheme will be allowed to take cashless benefits from any public/private empanelled hospitals across the country.
They can sponsor young professionals willing to work for Swachchhata Mission.
As we expand horizontally, we need to ensure vertical growth as well.
But, the peace and stability of this entire region, and beyond.
Such emotions arise when we see the enormity of our nation.
As the world’s largest democracies, we are natural partners.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, thanked all the Chief Ministers and Lt Governors for their suggestions and views expressed on various agenda items discussed at today’s Inter State Council Meeting.
The Prime Minister will launch three gold related schemes – Gold Monetisation Scheme (GMS), Gold Sovereign Bond Scheme and the Gold Coin and Bullion Scheme – at a function at 7 Race Course Road.
It has also created a sense of confidence among the migrant workers going overseas about the support they can expect from India during critical times.
The Prime Minister described the public meeting in Daman as a historic event not only in terms of the number of people who have joined him but also in terms of the development projects being launched from there.
• The Mission will drive mobility solutions that will bring in significant benefits to the industry, economy and country.
On 1st June, I will be conducting detailed discussions with President Putin to take forward our dialogue from the last Summit in Goa in October 2016.
Festivals are of course symbols of faith and belief; in the New India, we should transform them into symbols of cleanliness as well.
I am sure that all political parties, all governments, social services organizations, the media and indeed all sections of the society will take part in this with enthusiasm and make it a success.
This facility is now available to nationals of 166 countries worldwide.
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
The Prime Minister said students of Vidya Bharati schools can also work towards bringing positive changes in society, in areas such as Cleanliness (Swachh Bharat), and Energy Conservation (Bijli Bachao).
He said the Statue would generate considerable tourism opportunities for the region.
It is very important not to put too much pressure on yourself, don’t keep your expectations too high.
We hope that our Project Development Fund and Quick Impact Projects will help our companies integrate into regional value chains, particularly in textiles and garments, pharmaceuticals agro-processing and electronics.
We have given priority to move towards a gas based economy.
It will ensure economies of scale, and also reduce the cost for both buyers and sellers.
You might also be aware that UNICEF has recently announced findings of a survey in India.
The Sub-Group of Chief Ministers on Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan was constituted on March 24, 2015 pursuant to the decision taken in the first Governing Council Meeting of the NITI Aayog held on February 8, 2015.
The city throbs with the finest of Indian culture.
He also recalled and paid homage to the braves who have made the supreme sacrifice, and are symbols of inspiration, for generations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his fifteenth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
Please come forward and join me in this fight as a soldier.
But, we will never drop our guard on security and we will continue to judge progress on their commitments on terrorism.
It will help improve the overall quality of life of Citizens.
He said that we must show the same collective determination and resolve to create a New India by 2022.
Meeting of BRICS Competition Authoritieson the margins of International Legal Forum (19 May 2016, St. Petersburg, Russia) 18.
• early adoption of Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism.
Those of us who live in cities and are so accustomed to using electricity that we don’t realize the extent of happiness and excitement when darkness is removed from our lives.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to Bhagwan Birsa Munda, on his birth anniversary.
As I said, you are large ocean states.
· Agricultural Field Visits – 22 June
The Prime Minister criticised attempts by certain elements to stall the law which would provide protection to Muslim women from “triple talaq.”
He said this will benefit Goa, and give an impetus to tourism.
MoC between The Ministry of AYUSH of Republic of India and the Kanagawa Prefectural Government of Japan in the field of Healthcare and Wellness
Some of them have their 10th and 12th board exams starting from the 1st of March.
I had almost left the habit of reading.
It enables the farmer to choose the best crop and right quantity and mix of inputs.
Prime Minister recalled his meeting with Mr Trudeau in April this year during his visit to Canada.
But I want to repeat this for all fellow citizens as well.
But, after receiving this phone call, I also started thinking that the point made there was pertinent.
Today, during our discussion with the business leaders of both the countries, we felt that they have a strong desire to constantly increase the business to business collaboration for mutual benefit.
The University will be set up as a Deemed to Be University under de novo category as per the UGC [Institutions Deemed to be Universities] Regulations, 2016.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
He also exhorted the teachers to work towards bringing out the inherent strength of students, especially those from poor and rural background.
In the morning, the voting was not over, the debate was also not over one member comes running to me saying- Utho Utho Utho…
Reliance on renewable energy, rather than on fossil fuels would be our guiding motto.
It has emerged as one of the most attractive global investment destinations.
Further, a mechanism on the pattern of Standing Finance Committee (SFC) with representatives from the concerned line Ministries and from Ministry of DoNER would be constituted under the Chairmanship of Secretary, NEC for approval of the projects costing between Rs. 5-15 crore.
An atmosphere has certainly been created in the country.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi made these important announcements during a televised address to the nation on the evening of Tuesday 8th November 2016.
LPG connections have been given to over sixty four million or 6.4 crore households in just under three years under the Ujjwala Scheme.
Private investment and other innovative forms of financing of metro projects have been made compulsory to meet the huge resource demand for capital intensive high capacity metro projects.
This means that the country has taken 125 crore steps in the direction of achieving cleanliness.
This has gained wide acceptance.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today reviewed the progress of the Ujwal DISCOM Assurance Yojana (UDAY).
What is the best way to continue to remain relevant, and serve the people and the nation in the age of instant news at the fingertips.
The Prime Minister encouraged the entrepreneurs to work towards promoting the social welfare schemes of the Government among their employees.
Why do we waste our time competing with others?
Sometimes one is overcome by a sense of loneliness – – – students living in hostels are particularly vulnerable to it.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tribute to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel on his Punya Tithi.
Shri Narendra Modi also congratulated Shri B.K. Hariprasad for being a part of the election for Deputy Chairperson of the Rajya Sabha.
9. There may be some who, for some reason, are not able to deposit their old five hundred or thousand rupee notes by 30th December 2016.
On the contrary, if one cleans up dirt in the surroundings, he gets energized, and then does not resign himself to existing adverse circumstances.
It is your combined efforts that will add real value to our interaction and produce concrete successes.
Now, to construct these household toilets, the government gives financial assistance, under which, they were provided a sum of 17 lakh rupees.
In course of his review today, the Prime Minister reviewed in particular, the progress of development of solar energy parks in 17 States across the country.
Looking towards the future, let me turn to agriculture.
The region can also look into combining a few popular destinations of the neighbouring countries with their tourism circuits.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
Dr. V. K. Dadhwal, Director of IIST
India has always partnered with the global efforts on issues of child and maternal health.
(iv). Lending to jewellers.
You must have been a witness yourself to the curiosity in the air when the Padma awards are announced, and people are inquisitive about the awardees.
The two Prime Ministers appreciated traditionally warm bilateral relationship and decided to take required steps to take our ties to a higher level.
The above decisions will lead to overall welfare of socially and educationally backward classes.
MoU on Academic and Scholarly cooperation sectors between National Defence College Sultanate of Oman and the Institute for Defence Studies and the Analyses.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Rajghat tomorrow morning to pay his respects to the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi, on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti.
The reduction of FCI’s borrowing cost equivalent to the extent of the interest differential will be reflected in the Gol’s savings on the Food Subsidy Bill.
Economists have traditionally believed that people act in their self interest.
These guidelines shall apply to all sick/ loss making CPSEs, where –
On account of the unwavering resolve of our countrymen, swachchata, sanitation coverage is rapidly advancing towards crossing the 95% mark.
Dialogue on Global Affairs
The MoU intends to promote closer cooperation between India and other maritime nations comprising the South Asian seas region namely Bangladesh, Maldives, Pakistan and Sri Lanka for protection and preservation of marine environment in the region.
“Congratulations to Manohar Parrikar and his team on being sworn in.
A majority of those who laid down their lives were Sikhs.
Because when I was in Gujarat, I had set this tradition of welcoming, by not giving bouquets, but books or handkerchiefs instead.
• Encourage industry partners to develop supply chains for small and medium sized enterprises (SME) with major Defence & Aerospace Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs)
I appreciate the views of Ganesh jee and convey this message to the people of our country.
10.06.2013, by allowing the benefit of merger of 50% DA/DR with Basic Pay/ Pension, effectively amounting to 78.2% DA/DR for the purpose of fitment at par with the serving employees of BSNL.
The welfare of Afghanistan and its people is close to our hearts and minds.
The Nairobi Ministerial Declaration acknowledges that members “have different views” on how to address the future of the Doha Round negotiations but noted the “strong commitment of all Members to advance negotiations on the remaining Doha issues.”
Our aim is to become a major centre for manufacturing, investments and for the twenty first century knowledge industries.
He will be remembered for his wonderful usage of humour and satire to showcase the life and struggles of common citizens.
Every citizen take a resolution that I will perform this task for the well being of the country and betterment of the society.
In a major boost to the health care sector in Karnataka, PM will dedicate the ESIC Hospital and Medical College, Bengaluru to the nation.
Three Groups of Secretaries to the Government of India, today presented ideas for transformative change in different areas of governance, to the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
LPG coverage has reached more than ninety percent, from fifty-five percent five years ago.
This three-day meet is one such effort.
He said “ease of living” for the common man is also the need of the hour, and States should now take initiatives in this regard.
This project will facilitate irrigation of agricultural land in Rajgarh district.
I can confidently state that this govt. has used social media positively for Consumer Protection in India, as has never been done before.
(d) Not more than 30% of the total value of goods and services should be insisted to be sourced from the funding country.
The Bilateral cooperation will benefit the country in enhancing institutional and technical capacity of center and State Government agencies dealing with water resources especially in the field of river basin management, pollution abatement of rivers including Ganga, flood management, water quality and efficient use of water amongst others.
Therefore, the security architecture in the region must be open, transparent, balanced and inclusive.
Andhra Pradesh Government has allocated 200 acres of land, free of cost, for setting up of IIPE at Sabbavaram Mandal in Visakhapatnam district.
Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana is helping farmers in this mission, the Prime Minister said.
Good effort Rajeev ji.
(iii) The designated Airline of each party can enter into cooperative marketing arrangements with the designated carriers of same party, other party and third country.
We are not those who run away from challenges.
3. Globally, Allied and Healthcare Professionals typically attend undergraduate degree programme of a minimum of three to four years to begin with and may attain up to PhD level qualification in their respective streams.
4. The leaders welcomed the signing of the “Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of France regarding the Exchange and Reciprocal Protection of Classified or Protected Information” between India and France, reflecting the high level of strategic trust between the two countries.
If one tells the owners of factories that consume a lot of water about the consequences of this consumption and requests them to shut down their units, one can well imagine what the response would be.
The highlights of the scheme are as follows:-
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the skills, strengths and fortitude of the girl child on National Girl Child Day.
The conditions in the NIA shall govern frequency swapping/reconfiguration.
The Enhanced Oil Recovery Policy aims to promote the use of latest technology in improving productivity of upstream fields.
So, we come to Paris with our commitment, but we also come with hope.
The two leaders took positive note of growing bilateral cooperation in defence, counter-terrorism and energy and coordination on regional and global issues.
He inaugurated Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya Cancer Hospital and Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital, Lahartara.
My brothers and sisters, the farmers of my country are emphasizing on solar farming now.
This will increase the sewer coverage of the town and improve sanitation in the city.
Vasant, the season of spring has just started to step into our lives.
He described this as a historic, and unprecedented achievement.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing the Joint Interpretative Declaration (JID) between India and Colombia regarding the existing Agreement for the Promotion and Protection of Investments between India and Colombia signed on November 10, 2009.
He said that PM Kisan Nidhi is a historic step for farmer welfare which will help the farmers who have under 5 acres of land.
Singapore is already our partner in developing Amaravati, the new capital city of Andhra Pradesh.
Addressing the gathering, he said sports should occupy a central place in the lives of our youth.
We have Bangladesh as our neighbour.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of vital infrastructure projects in the road, railway and power sectors, spread over several states including Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, West Bengal, Jammu and Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Sikkim and Maharashtra.
Our record on implementation in general, and reduction in corruption in particular, is now well understood.
Bilaterally, both sides discussed trade and investment, with the Prime Minister once again reiterating the concern over India’s large trade deficit with China.
We in India rejoice in our ties with Bangladesh.
At a public meeting in Bharuch, the Prime Minister also flagged off the Antyodaya Express between Udhna (Surat, Gujarat) and Jaynagar (Bihar).
Yet, they endured and kept going.
We have added more than14 Giga-Watts to solar energy generation which was just about three Giga-Watts three years back.
Best of luck.
The Prime Minister said that in the last four years, a new direction has been given to public healthcare in India.
He asked the people to resolve to end ten shortcomings within themselves, each Dussehra.
I urge our sports associations also to do objective and impartial brainstorming on this.
For on that day, when terrorists launched a massive attack on our Consulate in this city of Herat, the heroic efforts of Afghan soldiers, and of our personnel, saved many lives and prevented a big tragedy.
Narendra Modi during the interaction said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana- National Rural Livelihood Mission has been started in all states.
Excellencies, let me conclude with a few points on development.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) by Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) with Capital Markets Authority (CMA), Kuwait for mutual co-operation and technical assistance.
Officials are working towards providing all possible assistance in the wake of the cyclone.
I am sometimes worried that much of our younger generation prefer leading life in their comfort zones.
The former President and a great son of Tamil Nadu and India, Bharat Ratna Dr. A. P. J Abdul Kalam had called upon all of us to “Dream!
A dedicated fund of Rs. 5000 crores has been proposed to be established to support initiatives for sectoral Action Plans of the Champion Sectors.
They are warmly accepted in the local community.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to the first President of India, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, on his Jayanti.
Yoga would also be introduced much more widely in school and work places as part of promotion of good health.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and President of Uzbekistan H.E. Mr. Shavkat Mirziyoyev held a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the “Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit-2019” on 18 January.
My dear countrymen!
See, the exam you are going to appear at is the exam of what you have studied during this whole year.
The expedition, known as the Navika Sagar Parikrama, was the first-ever Indian circumnavigation of the globe by an all-women crew.
Trans Pacific Partnership is also a major development.
This has done away with a vast range of State level and central level taxes through-out India.
Brother Devendra Jhajharia won the gold medal in Javelin throw and repeated his gold winning performance after 12 years.
But, I also know that familiarity shrinks distances.
Our country suffers from an excess of old and unnecessary laws which obstruct people and businesses.
And, shape the future of this great country.
He said he is delighted to be in Madhya Pradesh on National Panchayati Raj Day.
(ii) Railways will retain their functional autonomy and delegation of financial powers etc. as per the existing guidelines;
In order to clear a test, treat the test as a festive occasion.
The Prime Minister administered the pledge to the assembled gathering, and flagged off the “Run for Unity.”
The Agreement will facilitate regulation and harmonization of already existing free movement rights for people ordinarily residing in the border areas of both countries.
We salute this great personality who provided exceptional leadership to India at a crucial time.
But, he touched your hearts.
He expressed confidence that through Scientific Approach, Technological Innovations, and Research and Development the graduating students would play an active role in turning agriculture into a profitable profession.
(i). Service of judicial orders, summons and other.
Addressing a public gathering, PM said that his government is working for a healthy India.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway, road, power, and renewable energy sectors, spread over several states including Uttarakhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Nagaland, Assam, Maharashtra, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister also unveiled a plaque for the laying of Foundation Stone for two metro rail corridors.
Our experience shows that development can be environment friendly.
Scientists and fishermen alike have pointed to signs of trouble.
In about 70 years of independence, the scope of hygiene was nearly 40%.
Under Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s leadership the year 2015 has seen measure achievements in the field of civil nuclear cooperation.
A welcome feature of our ties is the increase in contacts and co-operation between states in India and prefectures in Japan.
A Delegation of The Partnership for Maternal, Newborn and Child Health (PMNCH) including Shri J. P. Nadda, Union Minister of Health & Family Welfare, Dr. Michelle Bachelet, former President of Chile and incoming Board Chair of PMNCH and renowned actor and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador Ms. Priyanka Chopra, the three champions for PMNCH Partners’ Forum, Shri A. K. Choubey, MoS (Health & Family Welfare) and Ms. Preeti Sudan, Secretary (HFW) called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today, to invite him about the upcoming Partners Forum 2018 which will be hosted during 12-13 December, 2018 at New Delhi.
He added that she would have been very happy and would have extended her good wishes.
A business event jointly organised by the Private Sector Foundation of Uganda (PSFU) and Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) was addressed by both the Principals.
Recalling a famous verse from the Gita, he said that the divine force is always with us, as we fight against the enemies of humanity.
I salute all those working towards a Swachh Bharat!
Data from Landsat series of satellites operated by USGS was used by Indian scientists during the inception of Indian remote sensing programme.
We will not shy away from taking difficult decisions, if those decisions are in the interest of the country.
The Prime Minister said that violence and terrorism can never help anyone.
Inaugurate 16 Model Degree Colleges, 66 Entrepreneurship, Innovation & Career Hubs in the country.
There is an additional expenditure of Rs. 1.8 crores per annum approximately involved in the above Cadre Review proposal.
The patience, discipline, and resolve displayed by 125 crore Indians, will play a critical role in shaping the future of the nation for years to come.
The participating institutions from the BRICS nations will be benefitted by this MoU.
He inaugurated and laid the foundation stone of several development projects for Haryana.
Brothers and sisters, these programmes are moving at their determined speed and will be completed before their scheduled time.
We have proved that the distance of 15,000 kilometers between the two countries is just a number.
If we raise the level of our efforts, we can transform the world.
And, as we look to the future, there is something precious that unites us: it is our youth.
In management terms, we have achieved critical mass for a swift takeoff.
And he derived a lot of Santosh, that is, satisfaction through his deed.
But this has happened.
Government of India (GoI) provides counter guarantee and interest equalization support of 2% to the EXIM Bank.
We will jointly encourage our business communities to use the existing workable schemes and mechanisms for settlements in national currencies elaborated by the Reserve Bank of India and the Bank of Russia.
Employment Generation Potential:
Yogesh ji, I feel I should speak in detail to all of you on ‘Fit India’.
We have brought it down to 30 per cent.
Addressing the CISF personnel, the Prime Minister congratulated the forces for its Golden Jubilee.
He had a deep understanding of the beauty of human diversity and spoke passionately for unity in our world.
The whole country was concerned about saving Tomy.
There are many places where ‘Roti Banks’ are operating.
The decision aims at bringing another dimension and enhancement of the vision of Digital India.
The Union Government has incorporated a special Corporation named ‘National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation’ in July 2014, for the development of Highways in the North Eastern region.
The estimated cost of the project is over Rs. 43,000 crore.
Prime Minister Modi made a strong case for a partnership between the producers and consumers, in the oil market, as it exists in other markets.
So stay calm, get a good night’s sleep, don’t be over-confident but don’t be pessimistic either.
We also see that when our oceans are no longer safe for trade, we all suffer together.
These managerial reforms in the working of the public sector will have large multiplier effects throughout the economy.
We are also keen to learn from Portuguese expertise in nanotechnology, marine sciences and oceanography.
“I will visit Vientiane, Lao PDR on 7-8 September 2016 to attend the 14th ASEAN-India Summit and the 11th East Asia Summit.
Not many would know that Ramanujacharya relentlessly struggled against rampant social evils such as the class divide, the chasm between touchable and untouchables and the caste system.
Think of Lord Shiva and the picture that comes to mind is that of his majestic presence at Mount Kailash, in the mighty Himalayas.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
The IIMs will provide education to students to enable them to become professional managers.
MMRC has planned to construct a car shed on the Dahisar (E) to Andheri (E) metro corridor.
Revered Bapu fought for this cause all through his life and made all out efforts.
“Remembering Acharya JB Kripalani and Maulana Abul Kalam Azad on their birth anniversaries.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the progress made by the Dawoodi Bohra community, in the development of the Bhendi Bazaar area of Mumbai as a smart city.
These redevelopment efforts will lead to creation of State-of-the-art smart stations that will function as mini smart cities.
Our vision in Science and Technology Is to make sure that opportunity is available to all our youth.
Expressing concern at the decline in moral values in society and in public life, the Prime Minister asserted that corruption and black money cannot be accepted as a part of the system.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has passed a resolution expressing gratitude to Chief Ministers of States and others for their cooperation in introduction of GST.
Their presence with us is an unprecedented gesture of goodwill from ASEAN nations.
It will also fulfill the desire of both countries to strengthen the bonds of friendship and fruitful cooperation in the judicial and legal spheres, which is the spirit, essence and language of the preamble of the agreement.
PM said that a Pravasi Teerth DarshanYojana is being taken up.
The Prime Minister said the world is looking to India with positive expectations.
The additional sum of Rs. 635 crore in the revised cost estimates is on account of Rs 400 crore for Technology Costs and Rs 235 crore for Human Resource Costs.
He said India is now exporting cars and smartphones.
PM laid the Foundation stone of the museum on October 21, 2018.
Mankind’s quest for knowledge is as old as our history itself.
The Committee will be chaired by the Lt. Governor of Delhi with the following Members:
The first is, generation of profound or disruptive knowledge.
Even after his victory, he was humble and dedicated himself for the welfare of the people.
This year has been great for our sporting fraternity, with the Indian athletes excelling in various tournaments including Asian Games 2018 and Commonwealth Games”, the Prime Minister said.
I want to specially thank the farmers of the country.
The Agreement is expected to be signed during the forthcoming State visit of the French President to India.
PM underlined the importance of the project saying that the youth can earn from near their hometown and need not migrate.
It is the result of bold and sustained measures to reform our laws, policies, institutions and processes.
We have legislated a monetary framework with inflation targeting and an independent monetary policy committee to curb inflation.
We also supported the interests of SIDS on capacity building in the latest outcome document on the Post-2015 Development Agenda.
Apart from mitigating the impact of diversion of forest land, utilisation of these amounts will result in creation of productive assets and generation of huge employment opportunities in the rural areas, especially the backward tribal areas.
I express my gratitude to the entire family of ‘Mann Ki Baat’ for being a part of it & trusting it wholeheartedly.
He spoke how Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao, Ujjwala Yojana, National Nutrition Mission, Prime Minister’s Safe Maternity Campaign extending maternity leave from 12 to 26 weeks and the ownership of houses first to the women under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana have played a key role in empowering the women.
And, I speak not just to the world, but also to our people.
Diwan Ahmed Masood Chisti from Pakistan
Another empowering factor for scientific delivery is the Ease of Doing Science.
We have earlier had the pleasure of receiving President Lukashenku in India in 1997 and in 2007.
The Board of Trustees of NICDIT will consist of (i) Chairperson – Secretary, DIPP, (ii) Secretary, Department of Expenditure, (iii) Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs, (iv) Secretary, Road Transport & Highways, (v) Secretary, Shipping (vi) Chairman, Railway Board, (vii) CEO, NITI Aayog, and (viii) Member Secretary, who will act as full time CEO of NICDIT.
We are pushing waterways in addition to traditional modes like rail and road.
He said the Government wishes to provide Housing for All by 2022.
He instructed them to use all available technological tools to ensure that school-children do not face inconvenience.
The world today, is also threatened by the twin challenges – terrorism, and climate change.
Shri Narendra Modi recalled that when he had last attended this Global Business Summit, GST was still, just a possibility.
In government jobs, the extent of reservation for them has been enhanced to 4%.
He did something so different that the newspapers printed his story.
There you are holding the job for last two-three years but the kids in your school may not be knowing your name and you are the Sarpanch of his village.
(ii). Extending interest subvention in 100 more districts.
While we work for realizing the ‘Indian Dream’, we seek like-minded partners.
He explained how these schemes are improving the lives of the people.
Their strengths can give us strength.
12. This will be raised to four thousand rupees later.
I am very fortunate that once again I have got the opportunity to meet you.
The MoU will be signed during the upcoming visit of Russian President to India.
Prime Minister Modi congratulated Dr. LotayTshering on his party’s victory in the third general election in Bhutan and his own election to the National Assembly.
Calling him a distinguished air warrior and a fine human the Prime Minister extended his thoughts to his family and those mourning his unfortunate demise.
There are crores of such families in India, whose children are in the age group of five, ten and fifteen and they have become the greatest ambassador of “Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan”.
Over its 10 years of funding in a 1:1partnership, the Programme has fulfilled its objectives of building and nurturing talent of highest global standards in cutting-edge biomedical research in India, which has led to important scientific breakthroughs and applications to meet societal needs.
This has been the core speciality of Sanskrit.Today, at times, in order to communicate more assertively, we tend to make use of English Quotations or even sher-o-shayari-urdu poetry.
Building on their first dialogue on Africa in June 2017 in Paris, both leaders reiterated their willingness to implement common projects on the ground.
LOC Agreements
In the backdrop, our security engagement has deepened.
The GFA aims at cooperation between India and UAE in the field of new and renewable energy technologies.
Next year more than 50 projects will be completed.
We are making a beginning in replicating it.
You know what is my crime for them?
rime Minister recalled his productive and memorable visit to Sri Lanka on occasion of the International Vesak Day last month.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Indian Coast Guard personnel, on their Foundation Day.
We must also cooperate to launch a low carbon age for a sustainable future for our planet.
It is expected that consequent to ease of investing in India, adequate investments would be available in WLA Operations.
Well designed schemes and subsidies do have an important place.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the President, Shri Pranab Mukherjee on his birthday and has wished for his long and healthy life.
We are at a decisive moment in charting its course.
My Ministerial colleagues
This empowers farmers to give their best, with the State providing cover against risks beyond the farmer’s control.
This is what sets us apart from the century that we have just left behind.
I am thankful to you for your suggestion.
The Union Cabinet also approved the expenditure sanction for the consolidated cost of Rs.1,482.44crore of the existing CPC-ITR 1.0 project upto FY 2018-19.
The Summit is going to be one of the biggest gatherings of African countries outside Africa, which is a reflection of the desire on part of both Africa and India to engage more intensively in our quest for a better future.
PM will attend National Women Livelihood Meet – 2019 at Deendayal Hastkala Sankul in Varanasi.
The Prime Minister said that this change has come about due to a new approach and a new work culture.
I will also attend a ‘Friends of India’ programme.
Reviewing the progress of the Sugamya Bharat Abhiyan, the Prime Minister was apprised of progress made in improving accessibility in schools, public buildings and railway stations etc.
Textile producing States also have pro-industry policies in place, to facilitate the required infrastructure for investments in textiles.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited the campus of the Institute of Technical Education in Singapore.
And, sorry, did I mention our well known Information Technology professionals?
I request you too, to feel the “Unity in Diversity” which is not a mere slogan but is a storehouse of enormous energy.
I went to see the Cellular Jail there.
” Delighted to know that in a span of 10 days there have been over 10 million downloads of the BHIM App.
Every Indian should have toilets and therefore Sanitation for All.
Mr. Shanta Raj Subedi, Secretary, Ministry of Finance
The Nordic countries have globally recognized strengths in clean technologies, environmental solutions, ports modernization, cold-chains, skill development and innovation.
From the seashores to the mountains, people welcomed the first rays of the sun, with Yoga.
• Creation of a credit guarantee mechanism through the National Credit Guarantee Trustee Company (NCGTC).
He expressed hope that community will continue their great work of spreading the strength of India’s culture throughout the world.
CIWTC, a company incorporated on 22nd February 1967 under the Companies Act 1956 by the Government of India, when it took over the assets and liabilities of the erstwhile River Steam Navigation Company Limited under a scheme approved by the Calcutta High Court.
Agartala has its own unique challenges due to its saucer-shaped geography that makes it vulnerable to floods.
We will also offer a grant assistance of 600 million U.S. dollars.
His contribution to the building of modern Goa and to the modernization of India’s Armed Forces as well as improvement to the lives of ex.-Servicemen will never be forgotten.
Shri Narendra Modi paid homage to Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Patel, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, and countless people, who sacrificed their lives so that Swarajya could be attained.
We will also try to increase the level of resources for science, and deploy them in accordance with our strategic priorities,
Power Plants are having different efficiency levels for conversion of coal to electricity depending upon their technology, unit capacity etc.
This is reflected in his writings, in the movies, plays and television serials he directed, in the movies for which he wrote the screenplay.
But we want strategic engagements on this front.
He said a network of over 3 lakh Common Service Centres is helping to provide a range of services, digitally, to the people in rural areas.
Sreemant Swami Ambareeshananda ji Maharaj, who had worked with the Prime Minister in Gujarat, and who was mentioned by the Prime Minister during his address, proposed the vote of thanks on the occasion.
In India, Nature has always been treated as Mother.
The nation can progress only if the Union and State Governments walk shoulder to shoulder.
*Spur its economic and development activity,
The Prime Minister described the World Sufi Forum as an assembly of those, “whose life itself is a message of peace, tolerance and love.”
It will bring in a new culture of governance.
I got an opportunity to speak to them at length.
They also stressed the importance of unity of the international community in addressing this challenge, ensuring that all UNSC sanctions are fully implemented by the entire international community, so as to maximize pressure towards achieving a peaceful and comprehensive solution through dialogue.
We must discuss the extent to which our system of education is genuinely educating our children.
(ii) The designated airlines shall be entitled to exercise domestic code share operation to any four (4) additional points in the territory of the other Party over and above the points specified in route schedule, These 4 points may be specified at any time.
India and Indonesia enjoy strong and friendly ties and share deep historical and civilizational linkages.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and felicitated the medal winners of the 2018 Asian Para Games.
We are enacting a Goods and Services Tax law, to create an integrated national market.
During the visit, PM Babis will call on the President of India in New Delhi on 19 January.
The work is also afoot on other agreements in the areas of Information and Communication Technology, audio-visual production Tourism biotechnology and shipping and ports.
Today, the first group presented their ideas on the “transport and communications” sectors.
I am happy that Sri Vishwesh Tirth Swami Ji is himself present here in these celebrations.
The Prime Minister mentioned about the various initiatives taken by the Union Government for the welfare of the Divyang community.
He said the development projects being inaugurated today augur well for the cooperative sector.
The Prime Minister said that a New India is being created.
In his remarks during a meeting with a delegation of 40 Barelvi Sufi Scholars from various parts of the country this evening, the Prime Minister said that forces of extremism are attempting to weaken the Sufi ideology today.
The two leaders discussed ways in which India can continue development partnership, particularly to help the new government in meeting its pledges to the people of the Maldives.
Our cooperation with Switzerland is ongoing to deal with this global curse.
The Prime Minister said that the first helicopter built in this unit should take flight by 2018.
After coming to power we created a new institution, the National Institution for Transforming India, or NITI.
Positive change has always found space in our country.
Come, let us all resolve to imbibe & abide by lessons from his great teachings & exemplary life and mould our own life in accordance with them.
Shalya was charioteer of Karna.
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital, courage and connecting with people are required for excelling in the start- up sector.
If the children in our family are interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
It is your labour of love which is instrumental in Sri Lanka meeting almost 17% of the world’s demand for tea, and earning more than 1.5 billion US dollars in foreign exchange.
We are transforming cities and public transportation.
My beloved countrymen, this year too, there was a great buzz about the Padma award.
His impact was global.
It has been often found that the children complete their schooling but they still don’t have knowledge about the most basic things and so they lag behind in this competitive world.
We pursue our relations through annual summits and 30 dialogue mechanisms.
In managing the affairs of this radio station, a resident of Gujarat M.R. Vyas ji played a vital role.
The Prime Minister said the changing nature of technology is resulting in the requirement of different skill-sets for employment.
This will ensure that the children of those serving in lower categories in PSUs and other institutions can get the benefit of OBC reservations, on par with children of people serving in lower categories in Government.
He said India can no longer afford delay in infrastructure projects, especially connectivity projects.
Government has put strong emphasis on expansion of City Gas Distribution (CGD) network coverage across the country to increase the availability of cleaner fuel to citizens.
BRICS Convention of Tourism (1-2 September 2016, Khajuraho) 84.
India has a capacity of 4GW and we have set a target of adding 100 GW of solar power by 2022.
The other was Invest in India Business Forum, also in Johannesburg in November 2018.
He shall be designated as the Director of the Institute and shall be appointed by the Institute provided that the first Director of the Institute shall be appointed by the Central Government.
Through this our societies will reap the benefits of joint development, transfer and sharing of cutting edge technologies in different fields.
January 9 was chosen as the day to celebrate PBD as it was on this day in 1915 that Mahatma Gandhi, had returned to India from South Africa.
I will have the honour to visit Phoenix Settlement and Pietermaritzburg Station, two places very closely associated with Mahatma Gandhi’s stay in South Africa.
The identified areas of cooperation include high speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure, etc.
Security and defence cooperation have added growing new dimensions to our relationship.
Imagine the positive impact this simple step can create.
Central Regulator to determine tariff for composite schemes where more than 10% power sold outside State.
We are committed to development for all, the Prime Minister asserted, noting that the Union Government wants to ensure a roof over every head by 2022.
We will continue joint work to prevent and respond to natural disasters.
From the south, where the conscience of our age has been forged – from Mahatma Gandhi to Albert Luthuli to Nelson Mandela;
In this context he mentioned the International Convention Centre, the Foundation Stone for which was laid today.
Dear Countrymen, greetings to you for a Happy New Year 2016.
Ladies and Gentlemen!
A little less than 3.0 billion people will join the existing 3.5 billion urban dwellers.
Talking about the Airport project, the Prime Minister said he is happy that the promise made by former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee is being fulfilled.
In the labour sector alone, even a small businessman had to fill up to 50-60 forms, but we have now made it more convenient by reducing it to just 5-6 forms.
If a family itself continues to demoralise a child in the family and if that family expects that the kid will be respected in the locality then it is not possible.
Listening to you has reinforced my conviction that partnership between India and Africa is natural, because our destinies are so closely inter-linked and our aspirations and challenges are so similar.
Being convinced that the development of connectivity in various forms and manifestations is the key to promote regional integration, we express satisfaction at the continuing efforts and initiatives to advance multi-modal physical connectivity (air, rail, roads and waterways) in the BIMSTEC region.
I pray for everyone’s safety.
The new lock will ensure smooth and seamless movement of vessels on NW-1.
In the midst of all this, there are challenges that touch us all, including the un-ending threat of terrorism and extremism.
ASEAN and India share common interests in peace and security in the region, and an open, balanced and inclusive regional architecture.
I have named it Rudraksh – the symbol of love, and a Prasad of Lord Shiva to Humanity.
Similar MoUs are also being worked out with other Ministries of Power, Petroleum, Industries etc.
“I bow to Shaheed Bhagat Singh on his birth anniversary.
It is said that our Vedas have detailed reference on Mantras, onways & means to counter the challenges of global warming.
The success of M-Pesa is one such classic innovation that has empowered millions the world over.
2. Allied and Healthcare Professionals (A&HPs) constitute an important element of the health human resource network, and the skilled and efficient Allied and Healthcare Professionals (A&HPs) can reduce the cost of care and dramatically improve the accessibility to quality driven healthcare services.
The two corridors, once completed, will greatly facilitate public transport in the area.
Rajeshwari Gayakwad is known for her economic bowling performances.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the agreement between Republic of India and the Republic of Belarus on Mutual Legal Assistance (MLAT) in Civil and Commercial Matters.
Background:-
Moving forward, our cooperation stands poised for a major take off.
One of these, he said, is the GST Bill, and the other is the Compensatory Afforestation Fund Bill, which would have enabled a large amount of funds to be disbursed to States for afforestation.
Mobility is a key driver of the economy.
So, when people register in E-GEM, all the government departments become aware of them.
India takes great pride in the fact that Tamil is the most ancient of world languages.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for the formation of a Group ‘A’ service of the technical cadre of the Ministry of Skill Development & Entrepreneurship (MSD&E).
The glory of India’s freedom struggle was written, in part, by the struggles and sacrifices of Malaya-Indians.
We regard Kyrgyz Republic as a valuable partner in our common pursuit of making Central Asia a region of sustainable peace, stability and prosperity.
If you revise the questions you find difficult, you will find that they are fresh in your head and when you are writing the exam, you will be able to deal with them much better.
The project is expected to benefit 5000 farmers with an average landholding of 2 acres each.
• 4 laning of Bakhtiyarpur-Mokama section of NH-31
It includes all nations in this geography as also others beyond who have a stake in it.
Triple Talak has endangered the lives of Muslim women.
– GDP growth is up and inflation is down.
His father had died of cancer at a very young age but he connected his livelihood with cleanliness.
We are aware of the interest of the Global investor community in the potential that India has.
Under the approved project, the performance of the States will be gauged through certain performance indicators, called the Disbursement-Linked Indicators (DLIs).
Four, We must also work towards early conclusion of a balanced and broad-based Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership.
We are also investing in our social, industrial and agricultural infrastructure to give better income and quality of life to our people.
He will also address a public meeting.
Infrastructure that not only provides basic needs of housing, shelter, electricity, water and sanitation to the people.
And hence all of them are a source of inspiration to us.
The MoU was signed on 25th April, 2016 during the Industrial Exhibition Hannover Messe 2016 in Hannover, Germany.
This must be a collective responsibility.
We are aware that our domestic financial resources are not sufficient to meet our needs.
Women poured out in large numbers from the comfort of their homes to march shoulder to shoulder with Netaji Subhash Bose.
Responding to questions in a townhall style interaction, the Prime Minister said that it is essential to step out of our comfort zone.
It will also contribute to India’s development partnership with Myanmar.
As a responsible global member of the comity of nations,India is committed to combating climate change,curbing emissions and ensuring a sustainable future.The launch of the International Solar Allianceis a step towards fulfilling this commitment.
It is a great honour for the 1.25 billion people of India.
India, today, is also a land of opportunity for those who want to:
It also approved providing a one-time loan of Rs. 45,000 crore from NSSF to Food Corporation of India (FCI) to meet its food subsidy requirements.
Our partnership spans the un-breakable bonds of history that have linked the national movements of India and South Africa.
Given global uncertainties, India also needs energy security.
Distinguished guests,
From the inspiration of Mandela’s call to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.
You can now get Indian visa sitting at home in your email, and that too at no cost!
He will lay the Foundation Stone of Pune Metro Phase-3.
The package was subsequently prepared to comprise of USD 1 billion from the South Korean Economic Development Cooperation Fund (EDCF) as government to government funding and USD 9 billion as export credit from KEXIM.
Their first reaction was, “Oh no!
It is directly related to the Swachh Bharat Campaign that I talk about.
‘Ayushman’ will provide affordable health insurance to 500 million Indians.
We are capable of taking tough decisions because national interest is topmost in our priority.
I welcome the large business component that Prime Minister Netanyahu has brought along with him.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Viswanathan Anand on winning World Rapid Chess Championship.
We also agreed that early implementation of India-ASEAN Free Trade Agreement in Services & Investment, and finalization of the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership would be important steps in this regard.
With this launch we have started a journey to build the most advanced frontier of our partnership.
PMNCH is a global partnership of 92 countries and over 1000 organisations.
The indoor sports facility will be an invaluable asset for the youth of the district Ganderbal, where they will get the chance to play indoor games.
Indian Railways has decided to convert all Diesel Locomotive to Electric Locomotive during its mid-life rehabilitation and utilise them till their codal life.
As our first honoured guest in 2018, your visit marks a special beginning to our New Year calendar.
Government has shown is commitment to provide support and give wings to the hopes and aspirations of this rising middle class.
The Prime Minister said that structural and long terms measures are required to overcome the challenges faced by the country, instead of poorly thought out short term ones.
52. The Sides expressed the serious concern about the possibility of an arms race in outer space and of outer space turning into an arena for military confrontation.
He said it was his good fortune to be among the learned people on this sacred land of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore.
I am happy to share that we have adopted the Goa Declaration that lays down a comprehensive vision for our cooperation and coordination, within BRICS and on international issues.
Regulation of drugs and pharmaceutical products; 8.
During a foreign visit, diplomacy is practiced, there are trade deliberations, discussions about security and as is customary, many MoUs are concluded.
I am fortunate today, to be among those who demonstrate the power of the pen, and show how it can be the vital life-force and conscience of society.
As the next stage of our strategic partnership, we will extend our bilateral technical, economic and scientific cooperation to third countries by undertaking joint development projects in mutually agreed sectors.
We need to explore options to produce biodiesel on barren lands, which will further provide financial assistance to farmers.
Today, we have also taken a long overdue step by signing an agreement on close cooperation between our armed forces.
Surya & Jal –The Sun & Water are central to the veneration in Chhath, whereas utensils made of bamboo & clay and tubers are an essential part of the Pooja articles.
• Now we should franchise in opportunities
The dam is a generator not just of electricity but also of optimism and belief in the future of Afghanistan.
Swapping of the land with MCGM will enable M/s MIAL to complete the development work of CSIA, Mumbai.
The modified formulation will be beneficial to more pensioners than the first formulation recommended by the 7th CPC, which was not found to be feasible to implement on account of non-availability of records in a large number of cases and was also found to be prone to several anomalies.
Background:
In the area of livelihood and capacity building, we have set up vocational training centres and 10 English language training centres and labs to help impart suitable skill sets.
He said ties between India and Korea are not just on the basis of business contact.
If we want science to deliver, we must not constrain it.
Then he saves 10 rupees and gets a doormat.
There are thousands of doctors who have implemented what I said.
The Agreement will stimulate flow of investment, technology and personnel from India to Iran & vice versa, and will prevent double taxation.
This is reflected in the sharp jump in India’s ranking in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business.
Now, it is India’s turn.
They will have complete autonomy on academic, administrative and financial matters.
We particularly want to promote manufacturing in a big way to create jobs for our youth.
Attempts to transfer HCL units to Ministry of Defence/Department of Defence Production also did not yield results.
Why don’t we compete with ourselves?
Though the Government has taken many steps for the upliftment of the SafaiKaramcharis, the deprivation suffered by them in socio-economic and educational terms is still far from being eliminated.
G20 Summit is being headed by a developing country.
The merger was completed in record time, unlike earlier mergers of State Banks of Indore and Saurashtra.
The Prime Minister said he sees great potential for tourism in the State, which can bring fresh economic opportunities for the poorest of the poor.
Today the simple Aadhaar card has become a symbol of empowerment.
The position of India has improved in many other ratings like Global Competitive–ness Index of World Economic Forum and Moody’s rating upgrade from stable to positive in November 2017.
Let me share with you some of my thoughtson the hydrocarbon sector and our endeavourto achieve energy security.
Today itself, on this 15th August, let we have a resolution for the 15th August, 2022 that 6 lakhs villages of India, each village must decide and resolve that by 2022, we will be able to overcome problem in every village.
I am happy to learn that state government is upscaling the TB free Chennai initiative and seeking to eliminate TB in the state by 2023 itself.”
The 9th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit will witness the participation of Heads of States, Captains of global industry and Thought Leaders.
President Ghani and I have discussed additional measures for deepening our bilateral cooperation.
15. These sectors open new potential for Indian and UK businesses to convert the scientific knowledge into technology based enterprises.
Be it the farmers, poor, young or women, should such things reach them or not?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed students and teachers at the event “Nayi Disha, Naya Sankalp” (New Direction, New Resolve) organized by the Dayananda Anglo Vedic College Managing Committee.
· BRICS STI Technology Transfer and SMME Forum (Pretoria)
I know you will succeed on the strength of your genius and enterprise.
” Pained by Professor Yash Pal’s demise.
The MoC has already been signed in February, 2017.
Under this campaign we will improve both the physical and virtual infrastructure and make it accessible for the ‘Divyang’ people.
The Resolution Corporation would protect the stability and resilience of the financial system; protecting the consumers of covered obligations up to a reasonable limit; and protecting public funds, to the extent possible.
The New India which is the dream of our 1.25 billions Indians!
The Prime Minister stated that the people of India aspire for a ‘Shaktimaan Bharat’ (Strong India) and building a New India.
The MoU would facilitate bilateral cooperation in the field of organ and tissue procurement and transplantation and better understanding between the two countries.
The Prime Minister also expressed appreciation for the coaches of the medal winners.
The MoU envisages that both the Governments shall work to enhance cooperation at the National, regional and international levels in the field of Water Resources Management and Development by collaborating and sharing experience and expertise in the areas mutually agreed upon, including techniques in the efficient use of water resources, river basin management, decision support systems, delta management, water quality issues and waste water recycling and re-use through innovative concession arrangements.
He said work is in progress for the museum dedicated to Subhash Chandra Bose in Delhi, the Shivaji statue in Mumbai, and tribal museums across the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Indian social activist and writer Smt.
The High Courts (Alteration of Names) Bill, 2016 will facilitate the changing of the names of ‘Bombay High Court as Mumbai High Court’ and ‘Madras High Court as Chennai High Court’ respectively.
To conclude, I can assure you that we will be open to welcome your ideas, innovations and enterprises.
India Armed Forces, especially our Navy, are building partnerships in the Indo-Pacific region for peace and security, as well as humanitarian assistance and disaster relief.
Money was needed urgently.
The Agreement would provide a legal framework for sharing of information and intelligence between the Customs authorities of the two countries and help in the proper application of Customs laws, prevention and investigation of Customs offences and the facilitation of legitimate trade.
He also added that the youth is being nurtured to become job-creators, and not job-seekers.
The Prime Minister said that Japan was partnering India in a number of initiatives such as the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), which had transformative potential.
There is a new energy and vibrancy in the domestic industry.
It will also exchange information on trade and registration procedures, legal and regulatory requirements for export and import of pharmaceuticals products, including APIs.
This marks a watershed moment in the history of Indian sports, as the Programme aims at mainstreaming sport as a tool for individual development, community development, economic development and national development.
It has been an honour and privilege to welcome President Xi, President Zuma President Temer, and President Putin to the beautiful state of Goa.
• Nature has been kind on both of us.
Science and Technology are value neutral.
He added that very few municipal corporations in the country have come forward with such a world class healthcare facility.
I welcome the commitment to delink religion from terrorism and the efforts to promote human values that define every faith.
He spoke of the logistic support being provided to carpet exporters, and the creation of world class laboratories to ensure quality.
We would take every step to bring in more investments. and carry forward the momentum of growth.
I. Strategic Partnership
The two Prime Ministers noted the importance of preserving the environment and sustaining diverse ecosystems, and recognised the rise of international criminal networks engaged in the illegal wildlife trade.
Thus, I can clearly see the inheritance that our forefathers have given us.
It was interesting to know about the ongoing miraculous accomplishments in the field of Science.
“Greetings and salutations to the teaching community on Teachers’ Day.
Indian society is fundamentally diverse.
For India, and for the world.
“Knowledge, the exponent and the seeker, all becoming one.
Spectrum trading allows parties to transfer their spectrum rights and obligations to another party.
In my view, CSIR needs to create an “Ease of doing Technology Business” platform to bring in the right stakeholders, so the technologies reach the intended beneficiaries.
Both sides recognised the need for ending the violence and restoring normalcy in the Rakhine state without any delay.
There was a time when winter would set in even before Diwali.
It will have a financial implication (cash outgo) of Rs. 718.72 crore for payment of outstanding salary, wages and statutory dues, VRS/VSS ex-gratia payments and clearing of Tractor Division’s liabilities towards Bank, creditors etc.
4. In the meeting with Prime Minister Phuc, the two leaders expressed satisfaction at the growth of bilateral relations between the two countries within the framework of Comprehensive Strategic Partnership, including in the fields of maritime cooperation in the Indo-Pacific region, defence, oil and gas, trade and investment.
The goal is to provide a shared environment to support research and foster new climate, earth, space and marine research.
The Prime Minister will interact with beneficiary mothers and girl children of the program.
Einstein’s biographer Abraham Pace regarded his work as one of the last four revolutionary papers on old Quantum Theory.
In this series of festivals, Eid-ul-Zuha will be celebrated in a few days from now.
Some teacher may have been a pensioner, but when he learnt that this LPG cylinder may go to some poor person, he gave up his subsidy.
125 crore Indians will join the rest of the world, in welcoming it with new hope, new energy and new dreams.
The Prime Minister interacted with District Magistrates of aspirational districts.
They will foil with their valour every such conspiracy, and they are the ones to reach the pinnacle of bravery so that we, their 1.25 billion fellow countrymen, can live peacefully and be happy.
It will also provide valuable insights into our rich culinary landscape, and highlight our ancient wisdom of food processing.
India will also collaborate with Fiji in the agriculture and dairy sectors, and help in building capacity for resilience against disasters.
We are now implementing the Food Security Act nationwide.
The Vice President of India Shri M. Hamid Ansari, who had visited Indonesia in November 2015, called on the President of Indonesia.
Many Ministries/Departments of Government of India have initiated innovation related activities with the help and technical support of AIM.
A need was felt overtime to undertake a comprehensive revision of the notification on the basis of number of representations from various Coastal States/UTs, besides other stakeholders particularly related to the management and conservation of marine and coastal eco-systems, development in coastal areas, eco-tourism, livelihood options and sustainable development of coastal communities etc.
He told that he is glad that the economic linkages between the two nations are strong and vibrant.
The infusion of capital into Exim Bank will enable it to augment capital adequacy and support Indian exports with enhanced ability.
Enhanced Recovery, Improved Recovery and exploration and exploitation of unconventional hydrocarbons are capital intensive, technologically complex and challenging in nature.
For him, the highest purpose of science was the transformation of the life of the weak, the under-privileged and the youth.
An India where every citizen has basic social security and a pension in old age,
He presented the President’s Police Medals for distinguished service to officers of the Intelligence Bureau.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the Union Government.
Farmer groups are being encouraged to set up units in these parks, thereby reducing wastage and transportation costs, and creating new jobs.
The institute also carries out programmes as laid out in the MoU signed on Higher Education Cooperation between the two countries in 2010 and under consideration for renewal for a further period of five years.
This discovery not only proves the theory of our greatest scientist of the previous century, Albert Einstein, but is also considered a great discovery for the world of physics.
2. Agreement on Academic and Educational Exchange and Memorandum to Academic and Educational Exchange Agreement between Hiroshima University, Japan and Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani, India (BITS-P)(December 2017).
· Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Environmental Affairs – 18 May (Durban)
Our Scientists have contributed strongly to the strategic vision of the nation.
Last fifteen years have seen your rapid and yet stable growth.
We take note of the fact that both States are committed to building knowledge based economies, on the basis of latest scientific advances and innovation.
What moves me today, is your electrifying presence, full of excitement and enthusiasm for this important international sports event on the banks of the mighty Brahmaputra.
“Thanks to the monumental efforts of teachers like you, the focus has successfully shifted from outlays to outcomes, from teaching to learning.
There was a time in the past where some products from India had achieved a global reputation.
It is rather, something that should become a mass movement.
Since last few years BRICS has been the engine of Global Growth.
The first high principle of Auroville is that it belongs to all humanity.
You support families and communities in India.
And we want to do all this in a cleaner, greener and sustainable way.
Lauding the brave hearts who sacrificed their lives in Pulwama, PM said the nation stands by them in this hour of grief and mourning.
Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel was greatly impressed by Lok Manya Tilakji.
As India opened itself, Singapore became India’s springboard to the world and gateway to the East.
He also said, “Tezu airport was built 50 years back but no government envisioned to connect people of this state with other parts of the country.
Never rest till every ‘why’, ‘what’ & ‘how’ are answered.
We don’t even know that how do we develop a strong feeling to do something for India?
Even while cutting the fiscal deficit, we have greatly increased productive public investment.
This would ensure a significant boost to the income of farmers.
When policies and programmes are made with clear objectives in mind, not only are beneficiaries empowered, but both short term, and long term benefits are achieved.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the Mohanpura Project to the Nation.
i. The Central Government will provide special assistance measure to Government of Andhra Pradesh, which would make up for the additional Central share the State might have received during 2015-16 to 2019-20, if the funding of Centrally Sponsored Schemes (CSS) would have been shared at the ratio of 90:10 between the Centre and the State.
I assured Prime Minister Wickremesinghe of continuing commitment to our development partnership – in infrastructure, railways, energy, community development projects, agriculture, capacity building, science and technology, space and civil nuclear field.
And, there is change in the way government is working.
He reasoned with them and secured the release of the person.
Therefore, provision of adequate financial resources is as important as the responsibility for implementation.
Thank you very much for your phone call.
In this context he mentioned the success of India’s Mars Mission in the first attempt.
They have issued guidelines; simultaneously they keep imparting training on a regular basis for capacity building.
Universities located in coastal areas could specialize in managing risks from coastal hazards, and the ones located in the hill cities could focus on mountain hazards.
So, we in India must be ready for the present and prepare for the future.
It was the time of a new awakening in India.
Used Cooking Oil is a potential feedstock for biodiesel and its use for making biodiesel will prevent diversion of used cooking oil in the food industry.
These provisions, will enable taking up of activities like documentation, dissemination and would serve the objective of innovation.
Today, it is our gateway to the East, our leading economic partner and a major global strategic partner, which resonates in our membership in several regional and global forums.
Friends, In our conversation today, Prime Minister Abe and I took stock of the progress in our ties since the last Summit.
I salute their valour and I have asked them to share their experiences with the entire country.
Shri Narendra Modi said that Gujarat’s strides in animal husbandry have helped farmers.
It connects people on the strength of human values, not identities.
In day to day life, during air travel, we must have frequently come across air hostesses giving out a rather longish speech, safety instructions at the beginning of a flight.
This programme has already provided nearly ten million new connections in just seven months.
• Our businesses know to grow with each other.
Thank you, Excellency, for your kind words.
We can take pride in the economic initiatives of the BRICS.
It is expected to generate more than 33,400 jobs in direct and indirect employment.
We are jumping directly from BS four to BS six fuel by April 2020.
Ahead of Rashtriya Ekta Diwas, the pledge of National Unity was administered at many offices of Government of India in New Delhi today.
Promotion of Japanese Language Education in India
As a result of the review of the scheme and approval of the Cabinet the salient features of the PLB scheme are as under: –
At Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya Institute of Archaeology, the PrimeMinister flagged off the Noida City Centre – Noida Electronic City section of Metro through video link.He also laid the foundation stone of two 1320 MW Thermal Power Plants at Khurja in Uttar Pradesh and Buxar in Bihar.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, reviewed the progress of Aadhar and Direct Benefit Transfer programmes at a high level meeting on Monday.
Further, relevant provisions of NIA with respect to spectrum assignment in part of the LSA, which were applicable to seller before the spectrum trade, will apply to buyer subsequent to the spectrum trade.
And sometimes when he makes speeches in Telugu, it seems that he is running super-fast.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the DGsP/IGsP Conference at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy in Hyderabad.
The Ganges and the Yamuna have plentiful of water but there are many other places in Uttar Pradesh like Fatehpur district where two small rivers namely Sasur-Khaderi got dried out.
PMS in the Ocean Ridges have attracted worldwide attention for their long term commercial as well as strategic values.
The successful development of IndMax technology by IndianOil is an example of innovative thinking which is now on the commercial application stage.
In addition, the Working Group may interact at any time using telephone or video conferencing.
I pray that those who are injured recover quickly.
Change from a state of drift to one of purposeful actions.
It is this ethic of development that will ensure equity for all peoples.
He said this was largely due to the give-it-up campaign for the well-off to surrender their LPG subsidy, and 90 lakh people had done so.
India achieved the highest ever rank in the World Bank Doing Business indicators in 2015.
Only when the local ecosystem of our sports will be strong i.e. only when our base will be strong, then only our youth will be able to perform their best in the country and across the world.
The Sides agreed to explore opportunities of joint collaboration in precious metals, minerals, natural resources and forest produce, including timber, through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
We will witness human glory and tragedies.
The Prime Minister said that India-Bangladesh relations have been on an upward trajectory in the last few years.
Obviously, this did not happen by accident.
For the first time we are moving towards agriculture export policy so that our farmers can also face global competition with confidence.
I express deep sympathies to their families.
As an illustration, he said inspirational stories of various schools could be easily shared across the Vidya Bharati school network, using technology.
This is THE time for moulding one’s life.
These diseases account for about 40% of all hospital stays and roughly 35% of all recorded outpatient visits.
The district administration there undertook a huge task with people’s participation.
As a major attraction for pilgrims and tourists, a heritage complex at Sultanpur Lodhi, “Pind Babe Nanak da” will be established to depict life in the times of Shri Guru Nanak Devji.
As the New Year begins, I pray that everyone’s lives are blessed with tremendous happiness, prosperity and good health.
We are advancing the pace of expansion of border infrastructure and improve the mobility of our forces and equipment.
How would society be a thousand years ago?
The MoU shall be implemented by establishing a Working Group on IT&E composed of representatives of the two Parties.
In just 19 months, the government has given free gas connections to more than 3 crore 12 lakh women.
In a strong message to the perpetrators of the terror attack, he said it has been the policy of India not to interfere in other’s business.
Cooperation in other youth and sports-related matters also helps in youth development and sports promotion in partner countries.
Hence, it’s important that the citizens cooperate with the security personnel, PM said.
The Dhola-Sadiya Bridge will be inaugurated tomorrow.
Why could the problems of our people not be resolved, he asked.
These agreements would amount to approximately £238 million of Foreign Direct Investment in the first instance subject to regulatory approvals.
The India-UK Cancer Research Initiative is a collaborative 5-year bilateral research initiative by the Department of Biotechnology(DBT), Ministry of Science & Technology, India and Cancer Research UK (CRUK) that will focus on affordable approaches to cancer.
If 125 crore people decide that India must be clean, it can be ensured, the Prime Minister said.
The economic strength is also reflected in the rising confidence about India both inside the country and abroad.
102. Russia, India, China and South Africa extend full support to Brazil for its BRICS Chairship in 2019 and the hosting of the 11th BRICS Summit.
The radicalism is the root cause of terrorism, claiming its path to be only right.
The gathering included Ministers from Saudi Arabia and UAE, and CEOs and experts from organisations including Saudi ARAMCO, ADNOC, BP, Rosneft, IHS Markit, Pioneer Natural Resources Company, Emerson Electric Company, Tellurian, Mubadala Investment Company, Schlumberger Ltd., Wood Mackenzie, World Bank, International Energy Agency (IEA), NIPFP, Brookings India and various Indian companies involved in both upstream and downstream operations.
Each and every issue can be resolved through talks.
Expressing delight in interacting with the villagers from the recently electrified 18000 villages, Prime Minister said “People who have not seen darkness, don’t understand the meaning of illumination.
We are also familiar with Japan’s enormous contributions to the process of development in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa.
Prime Minister Netanyahu and I agreed on the need to do more in this direction.
It will enable the adoption of IT and space technology by the IBM to improve its effectiveness in mineral regulation and development.
As part of their Valedictory Session as Assistant Secretaries, IAS officers of the 2016 batch today made presentations before the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
The Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, Shri N Chandrababu Naidu, was present in the meeting.
Speaking on the importance of conserving water, the Prime Minister said that in order to learn about water conservation, people should visit Porbandar in Gujarat, and see the home of Mahatma Gandhi.
It always shocked and saddened me that in a nation like ours, several people do not have their own home.
The Prime Minister had a telephone call with the President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin to congratulate him on his victory in the Presidential elections held in Russia yesterday.
The Prime Minister said that on the economic front, in the last three to four years, India has lent strength to global economic growth as well.
I am happy that this budget has incorporated schemes keeping in mind the requirements and targets by the end of next decade.
1. Appointment of an Adjudicating Authority, along with the three additional Benches and to establish the Appellate Tribunal under the PBPT Act;
We have now decided that the quality of learning outcomes will be the Government’s primary objective.
They have reached this pinnacle, crossing a great deal of hurdles and hardships.
Technology is evolving, costs are coming down and grid connectivity is improving.
He expressed hope that the government will reach the target of 100% rural road connectivity soon.
Out of this, Rs. 345 crore has already been released, and the remaining will be released immediately, to assist the States in relief and rehabilitation work.
Can we have a common youth song for all these organizations?
And now, December is knocking on our doors, yet winter is advancing at a leisurely pace.
Innovation must be backed by means to make it affordable and ensure adoption.
The Prime Minister recalled Swami Vivekananda’s emphasis on self-reliance, character building, and human values, as elements of education.
In this context, he mentioned initiatives such as Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao; and Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan.
An international conference on ASEAN-India Cultural Links was held in New Delhi in July.
These technologies should aim to convert agri and bio-waste to satisfy multiple needs of electricity, clean water, crop-processing and cold storage.
Despite having a historically low carbon foot-print, India has been playing an active role in the global fight against climate change.
With the strength of our friendship and mutual trust, I invite more and more Japanese people and companies to come, live and work in India.
I invite you to work for this mission individually and collectively in every school, in every college, in every university, in NCC and in NSS.
Partners’ Forum is a global health partnership launched in September 2005 to accelerate efforts to reduce child and maternal mortality, improve adolescent, child, newborn and maternal health.
During the three years of this government, 2600 kilometer long railway track has been converted in the double line.
IN the twenty-first century, technology is becoming an enabler or this concept.
People explained to him, the hardships faced by them on account of the cyclone.
Establishments keeping records of information of HIV positive persons shall adopt data protection measures.
During his press statement after the talks, the Prime Minister said that he is delighted to visit the United Kingdom.
When I used to play cricket, there were a lot of expectations from me as well.
He reiterated that the Union Government has taken bold decisions in national interest.
Project specific agreements may also be developed, from time-to-time.
We will use the possibilities of digital technology to transform development, public services, governance, disaster response, resource management and quality of life.
Through this bill, we will ensure that all DNA tests remain reliable and the data is safe.
We have carried out thousands of reforms on the business, investment, governance and cross border trading front.
Three Ministries of the Government of India; maybe four- Sports, HRD, Department of Drinking water have come together to launch a ‘Swachch Bharat Summer Internship 2018’.
To commemorate this event an exhibition named “Shouryanjali” had been organized near India Gate.
The T20 World Cup will showcase quality sporting talent among the players & will popularise cricket among blind persons.
Derivatives have a use in managing risk.
I am glad that leaders of several nations wrote back appreciating our vision.
What are the hopes and aspirations of the common man in the country?
Works related to Sewage Treatment Plants at Barh, Sultanganj and Naugachia will be kicked off by PM.
Calling the judgement historic, the Prime Minister said that it grants equality to Muslim women and is a powerful measure for women empowerment.
b. Outreach to the Middle Income Group (MIG);
In this regard, Prime Minister urged the Police forces to make Police Stations more citizen friendly.
The signs that the future of football is very bright have started to appear.
He outlined several other steps that are being taken to improve “ease of access to justice.”
Further, policy on promotion of City Compost is a major initiative which aims at the twin objectives of making cities cleaner and utilizing the city garbage as compost for improving soil health.
He said this establishes a connect between the citizens and the government.
Singapore also shows that when nations stand on the side of principles, not behind one power or the other, they earn the respect of the world and a voice in international affairs.
iii. Rolling stock safety (e.g. maintenance etc.)
They will now be filled on the basis of transparent examination results.
There was also a reward scheme.
He said the flag on the 150 feet high mast, is an attempt to preserve the memory of this day in 1943, when Netaji unfurled the tricolour.
NMOOP aims to bring an additional area of 1.25 lakh hectare under oil palm cultivation by the end of 2016-17.
HFCs are not ozone depleting but global warming substance and if controlled, can contribute substantially to limiting the global temperature and advance actions for addressing climate change.
Support will be provided at district and block levels for technical facilitation and addressing quality issues in house construction. xv.
The new year is celebrated in different ways in different parts of our country.
• Incentive to ASHA @ Rs 100 per month for mobilising and conducting mother’s meeting for promotion of breast feeding for conducting Mother’s Group Meeting under Mother’s Absolute Affection (MAA).
A Swedish Business Delegation called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
He said challenges are the path to achieving success in life, and these Collectors have the opportunity for that.
PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Defence Corridor in Jhansi, Uttar Pradesh.
Congrats to all those taking part in them.
He said it is important to use technology in the agriculture sector.
‘One District One Product’ scheme is aimed at enhancing the skills of local people and increasing the reach of the indigenous trades, crafts and products from small towns and small districts in the state.
“Poshan Maah” (the month devoted to nutrition), is being celebrated in September 2018, across the country.
To further enhance the scope, coverage and outreach of the Scheme, the Cabinet has approved the following:
President Putin and I are moving creatively in expanding our economic relations.
He said both the Centre and the J&K State Government are attempting to find a solution to all problems through development.
He emphasized the importance of cleanliness, hygiene and health, and said these aspects should also be accorded the highest priority.
The Army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers.
He said this would eliminate middlemen, and result in savings for the government.
The Kochi metro integrates the city’s entire public transportation network into a single system.
This budget will have long-term positive impact on the national economy by effective execution, enhanced capital investment and infusion of technology along with IT, in the Railways.
The second commitment period of the Kyoto Protocol was adopted in 2012.
We have increased it from Rupees 185 crores to Rupees 380 crores; which is 3.8 billion Rupees.
India’s World Bank Ease of Getting Electricity Ranking, improved from one hundred and eleven in 2014 to twenty-nine in 2018.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has announced ex gratia of Rs. 2 lakhs for the next of kin of those killed, and Rs. 50,000 for those seriously injured, in the rail accident in Uttar Pradesh, from PMNRF.
I would like to see this exhibition taken to other parts of the country, so that people can know and appreciate CSIR’s achievements.
We need to develop and deploy Geo-information Systems to meet the development goals of our citizens, Gram Panchayats, Districts and States.
The need of the hour is to create a mass awakening towards “engaged, responsible, and aware citizens.”
iii. Amendment of clause 4 (1) of the Bill to provide for establishment of State Fund of a Union territory having no legislature under Public Account of the Union of India.
(b) Provide for appointing a nodal officer at the Centre and in each State/Union Territory to effectively coordinate data collection activities and provide consultation to Government Departments for avoiding unnecessary duplication, etc.
We have provided electricity to the poor through Saubhagya Yojana.
The Treaty would help in extradition of fugitive criminals including terrorists for criminal prosecutions from Lithuania who may have committed crimes against India.
The Scheme “FMBAP” has been framed by merging the components of two continuing XII Plan schemes titled “Flood Management Programme (FMP)” and “River Management Activities and Works related to Border Areas (RMBA)”.
In 2016, the Finance Minister, in his Budget Speech announced that the process of transformation of IDBI Bank has started and that Government will take it forward and also consider the option of reducing its stake below 50%.
He said transparency and level playing field are the hallmarks of the Government’s approach.
Look back at India’s history.
Today, I see a Mini India before me.
Now that when we are going to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Pokhran test conducted on May 11, 1998, I ask the younger generations of our nation to imbibe the mantra of ‘Jai-Vigyan’ given by Atalji for enhancing the might and the power of India, to build a modern India, a powerful India and a self-reliant India.
The revised text of ASA was initialed in 2011.
We share the sorrow of Russia for the lost lives in the fallen aircraft in Sinai.
The modernization includes installation of cutting-edge technologies for improvement in productivity, yield, quality, cost competitiveness, energy efficiency and environmental protection.
India took the stand that the DDA must continue after the Nairobi Conference and no new issues must be introduced into the WTO agenda until the DDA has been completed.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
Today, when we talk of Jammu & Kashmir, we should talk about four parts of the State of Jammu & Kashmir: Jammu, Kashmir Valley, Ladakh, and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.
Earlier, the builders used to divert the money received for bookings to other projects.
Our warrior queens like Rani Ahilyabai Holkar and Rani Lakshmibai fought bravely to defend their kingdoms.
The progress on clean energy technology and costs is impressive.
In keeping with the vision of Prime Minister’s vision of “Make in India”, the major systems of the train have been designed and built in India.
Number of patents registered has also seen a three-fold increase compared to the previous government.
He recalled that President Hollande had spoken to him over phone and had shared the outline of the proposed agreement, shortly before it was announced.
The policy envisages school health programmes as a major focus area as also health and hygiene being made a part of the school curriculum.
In a major boost to healthcare facilities and services in Madurai and adjoining areas of Tamil Nadu, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today laid foundation stone for AIIMS Madurai and inaugurated several projects.
The MoU was signed on 29th November, 2017 in New Delhi.
The Sides acknowledged the necessity to establish a framework of cooperation among BRICS states on ensuring security in the use of ICTs and confirmed intention to work towards elaboration of a BRICS intergovernmental agreement on cooperation on this matter.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi had approved setting up of AIIMS at Vijaypur in Jammu and AIIMS at Awantipora in Pulwama, Kashmir.
It will be a world of fewer challenges and greater hope; and, more confident of its success.
India has been home to several saints, seers who have served society and reformed it, he added.
They have always displayed a unique spirit in times of natural calamities like storms, cyclones, floods and forest fires to extend full assistance to our countrymen.
The country is progressing with new zeal, enthusiasm and courage.
The mega corporations of today were Startsup of yesterday.
After the Convention, on 24th January, the visiting diaspora delegates will visit Prayagraj for KumbhMela.
As a run up to each episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, the expectations & aspirations of listeners through their letters, online comments & phone calls are crystal clear.
Various government departments regularly observe Cleanliness Fortnight.
I request TV channels also to invite such films and hold a competition.
How to address a global challenge like climate change?
Many of the labs are already operational.
I am glad that Thuglak will continue its journey in objective journalism as envisaged by Cho.
Manpower Cooperation Agreement
He met various members of the Indian community.
PM will lay foundation stone of the new terminal building of KushokBakulaRimpochee (KBR) Airport in Leh by unveiling the plaque.
“National Girl Child Day is a day to celebrate the exceptional achievements of the girl child, whose excellence in many fields makes us proud.
He said that Yoga is beautiful because it is ancient and yet modern, it is constant and yet evolving; it has the best of our past and present and provides a ray of hope for our future.
As you make important choices for the harmony and progress of your society, you will find in India a friend and partner that will support your nation-building endeavours.
The US Attorney General Loretta Lynch said that the process had begun for returning as many as 200 artefacts to India, with 12 having been returned so far.
We will do whatever it takes, because this is our commitment to our heritage, and our promise to future generations.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the shared values between India and Japan.
A law was passed in 2015 on disclosure of foreign bank accounts.
Just like anyone else, political parties can also deposit their cash held in the old currency in banks till the 30th of December provided they can satisfactorily explain the source of income and their books of accounts reflect the entries prior to 8 November.
These would include working in the fields of Electronics, Information Technology, Cyber Security, Space exploration, Civil Nuclear Energy, and others areas.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the promulgation of the Central Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu & Kashmir) Ordinance, 2017 and replacement of the Ordinance by the Central Goods and Services Tax (Amendment) Bill, 2017.
Pahari Dam is a water storage dam situated on Dhasan river in Jhansi district.
So I ask you to continue to pursue your dreams for yourself, for Malaysia and for our two great nations.
• A desire to cooperate in strengthening the security and resilience of critical information infrastructure; The main areas of cooperation between the two sides to advance these shared principles are expected to include:
There are many non-economic dimensions which are vital for ensuring the welfare of the citizens.
Sriman Venkaiah ji is the Minister of this Department and is working day and night.
Below the GC, there will be an Executive Committee (EC) constituted out of the GC, to be chaired by the DG, NMCG.
We share values, comfort in our relations and a sense of responsibility to the world.
Sharing the link to this survey, the Prime Minister tweeted today that he wants a first-hand view from the people, regarding this decision.
It is a city whose character has been shaped by proud patriotism and generous philanthropy of its residents.
We can certainly consider them if they are in the interest of our country.
He said that the Government’s approach is to reform existing frameworks and structures, and hence, transform them in accordance with the changing times.
He said the Government is receptive and open to suggestions received from CPGRAMS or on social media.
Expressing happiness in interacting with people who fought adversities and emerged much stronger, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that Social security schemes empower people.
We will do more in terms of level and complexity of exercises and collaboration in training and defence equipment.
What should be its structure?
In addition, a host of other functions, which were earlier embedded in operations, have increased significantly both in volumes as well as criticality.
Deletion of the party specific member from the Trust will make it apolitical.
This absolute level should be maintained for the next five years.
India is proud that a valorous and great soul like him was born on our land.
There should be due importance laid on physical and social infrastructure.
There are now only 50 items which attract the GST rate of 28%.
30. Welcomed the contribution of Indian workers to the Malaysian economy;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the convocation ceremony of the Gujarat Forensic Sciences University.
Under the proposal, the Government of India Non Plan Loan and Plan Loan along with accumulated interest thereon and outstanding guarantee fee worth Rs.1502.2 crore will be converted into equity and equity capital of the company will be raised to that extent.
This is the power of fintech to drive enterprise, employment and prosperity.
Shri C. Vidyasagar Rao, Governor of Maharashtra, Union Minister Shri Nitin Gadkari, Dr. Subhash Bhamre, Union Minister of State for Defence and CM of Maharashtra Shri Devendra Fadnavis was also present on the occasion.
According to a recent report, by 2030, India could be the second largest world economy.
The financial implication of payment of 78 days’ PLB to railway employees has been estimated to be Rs. 2,245.45 crores.
Even one year ago, there were hardly any indigenous card brands in the market.
The country is scaling new heights by working extremely hard, with a resolve to realize its dreams.
He said most of the key departments are based in the new Secretariat.
I know it will be difficult.
India posted a growth of 14% over 2016 in the tourism sector while the world grew at an average of 7%.
This Centre will act as a research, innovation and knowledge hub for trans-atlantic and north-south cooperation.
It showcases some of our success stories.
X. Central Govt. also has the power to issue directions to the Council, tomake regulations and to add or amend the schedule.
As a result of our initiatives, the sentiments for private investment and inflow of foreign investment have turned positive.
I wish you all a successful and fruitful Ministerial Conference.
And it is the duty of all countrymen to keep our historical heritage safe and clean.
“I will be in Sri Lanka for a two-day visit starting today, 11th May.
He also mentioned the Ujjwala Yojana, construction of toilets under the Swachh Bharat Mission, and Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
They underscored that there is no justification whatsoever for act of terrorism and recognised that terrorism cannot be and should not be associated with any religion, nationality, civilization or ethnic groups.
We will be a trusted friend in your development.
In urban housing, emphasis is being laid on new construction technologies.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that tourism is the hallmark of Kerala’s economic development and a principal contributor to the State’s economy.
An India where every child is born safely and maternal and infant mortality are below world averages,
Belief in making the world a better place.
The Defence Ministers’ Dialogue and the Joint Defence Cooperation Committee (JDCC) iii).
PM said that ahead of upcoming School Board examinations, he will interact with the parents and students through NAMO App in ParikshapeCharcha – at 11am on 29th January, 2019.
Sale of Khadi has increased and as a result of this, the poor man’s household has directly got connected to employment.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, will pay a State Visit to Republic of Rwanda (23-24 July), Republic of Uganda (24-25 July) and Republic of South Africa (25-27 July).
Your clear vision, mature leadership, struggle and eventual success in establishing democracy in Myanmar has inspired people across the world.
NICDIT would be an apex body under the administrative control of DIPP for coordinated and unified development of all the industrial corridors in the country.
The projects financed under these terms will be monitored by the Committee.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, was apprised about an MoU signed in February, 2019 between India and Saudi Arabia for cooperation in the field of Housing.
Association with AMF will help MoP&NG in identifying advanced biofuels suitable for deployment in transport sector in near future.
Moving beyond Consumer Protection, New India will have Best Consumer Practices and Consumer Prosperity.
The impediments encountered earlier in the grant and process of award, have been removed.
Government’s focus on easing the business environment further.
I have been invited to address the summit.
After receiving the reports of Remote Sensing Imagery and Inter Department Coordination, the district administration took up the responsibility of soil and water conservation on a massive scale.
Under ‘Ayushman Bharat Yojana ‘, the Government of India and insurance companies will jointly provide 5 lakh repees for treatment to about 10 crore families or say 50 crore citizens per year.
I felicitate all the teachers in the country on this occasion.
– Project for Installation of Chennai Metropolitan Area Intelligent Transport Systems [Tamil Nadu]
The MoU shall facilitate various agencies of the UK government to offer professional courses on better regulation drafting for officials, capacity-building of frontline inspectors, sharing of best practises, etc.
From north to south, east to west, we can see how there is a festive spirit across the nation.
Accordingly, it is estimated that, about 40,000 jobs will be created in the short term and about 2,00,000 in long term.
I have also proposed to launch during the COP 21 meeting an International Solar Alliance to make solar energy an integral part of our lives, even in the most unconnected villages.
Shri Modi lauded her impressive achievements and extended his best wishes for her latest venture.
The Prime Minister said that Indian society was unique because social reformers arose from it time and again, to reform society, and fight social evils.
Shareholders of the transferee bank and transferor banks shall be entitled to raise their grievances, if any, in relation to the share exchange ratio, through an expert committee.
Also a performance based production subsidy has been extended @Rs.4.50 per quintal of cane crushed which was directly credited to the farmers account on behalf of sugar mills.
Thank you, Nandri.
Enhanced amount of pension (per month)
They are the messengers of the intent and policies of the Government, in far-flung areas.
The Employer contribution will remain 12 percent.
At present, oil palm development programme is being promoted in individual farmer’s field.
It is a huge challenge maintaining cleanliness around such a large religious place where devotees in such huge number come.
Irish experts gave us institutions like the Geological Survey of India and the first Linguistic Survey of India.
This time the world famous Kumbh Mela is going to be held in Prayagraj from January 15, and many of you might be waiting eagerly for it to take place.
The benefits of improved governance and reduced corruption are lasting and profound.
• GST has been in place for past 15 days and we have seen positive results in these 15 days.
He was re-elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2016 and became the Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
It would reduce burden on the Division Bench.
He will also address a gathering.
10. In partnership with NITI Aayog, a robust, modular, scalable and interoperable IT platform will be made operational which will entail a paperless, cashless transaction.
To me, all economics is global.
You will be surprised to know that black marketers used to own shell companies.
This anger has the resolve to do something.
Friends, thanks to the efforts of the government, poverty alleviation has gathered momentum with a record speed.It is good to see lakhs and crores of people being removed from the shackles of poverty and raising their level to the middle class and the neo-middle class.
This great land, India, has given birth to innumerable great men, men whose deeds for the sake for humanity have been extraordinary, truly unforgettable.
Like a real Maa, she nurtures her devotees through direct and indirect acts; visible and invisible hands.
Between many a great debates, agreements and disagreements, chalking a new path, adopting the middle path when they would go astray, was born the Indian Constitution!
That ‘Something’ is flexibility, the ability of transformation.
These objectives are in consonance with India’s “Ease of Doing Business” initiative.
It was South Africa, where Mohan transformed into the ‘Mahatma’.
“My name is Pawan Acharya and I belong to Alwar, Rajasthan.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives in the building collapse in Kanpur.
He said the environment friendly Griha-IV rating would ensure energy savings, and help conserve the environment.
The third photograph was taken on February 25, 1961 and shows Her Majesty riding an elephant in a procession to Balua Ghat in Varanasi, the Prime Minister’s parliamentary constituency.
We advocate continued use of fiscal, monetary and structural policies in concert, to forge strong, sustainable, balanced and inclusive growth.
Dr. Girish Sahni, DG, CSIR
The Prime Minister congratulated all medal winners, and complimented those who could not win medals but had performed creditably.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given approval for revision of guidelines of Sovereign Gold Bonds (SGB) Scheme with a view to achieve its intended objectives.
He urged the people to work towards attaining Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas and Ek Bharat Shresht Bharat.
This in itself is a great power.
(vi). Energy storage and new energy technologies;
India shares deep historical and cultural links with Tajikistan.
Have you ever thought how many poor people can be fed if we don’t thus waste our food?
This signifies the relative ease and efficiency with which products can be moved into and from a country.
Do you know that he had no formal education in Mathematics?
The Ring Roads in Srinagar and Jammu are aimed at reducing traffic congestion at these cities and making road travel safer, faster, more convenient and more environment friendly.
Who knows it better than you about the easy exchange of black money earlier, and today people have to think at least 50 times before resorting to it.
The problems arise to a large extent because Troop Contributing Countries do not have a role in the decision-making process.
I will meet some of those who are based in Malaysia and Singapore who have shared their inputs. http://nm4.in/dnldapp
I urge Indian companies, exchanges and regulators, to help create a pool of experienced and world beating finance professionals.
He said that the entire country reposes faith in the certification of Chartered Accountants, and said that this faith and trust should never be broken.
They have enhanced India’s pride by winning the Gold in the Rowing Men’s Quadruple Sculls event.
For India, though, Singapore means more.
The Prime Minister thanked all those who have been contributing to ensuring the success of the demonetization exercise.
Kalaignar Karunanidhi stood for regional aspirations as well as national progress.
On this basis, the European Commission would expeditiously consider whether to review the above mentioned Regulation.
(b) Transfer of 0.4 per cent. equity of RBI in NABARD amounting to Rs. 20 crores to the Government of India.
The presence of brave soldiers at the border, on this festive occasion, lights the lamp of hope, and generates new energy among crores of Indians.
And, we are also maritime neighbours.
I would request Shri Birenji to also popularize government e-market place in the state.
(i). Consequent upon this, upon presentation of an official note by the local Ministry of Foreign Affairs along with the visa application, the resident Diplomatic Missions in the host country would, within 20 working days, issue a gratis visa valid for 90 days for the holders of valid Diplomatic/Official/Service passports, assigned on long-term missions to the Diplomatic Missions or the Consulates General.
Payment of PLB to eligible railway employees is made each year before the Dusshera/ Puja holidays.
Top level delegation from various companies like Toyota, SAIC Motor Corporation Shanghai, Bosch, ABB Ltd, Hyundai Motor Company, Ford Smart Mobility LLC and Uber Aviation met the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister exhorted the Secretaries to work beyond the silos of their respective Ministries for the development of the country.
It is an honour for me to be with you today.
Considering the 5600 Kg lift-off mass, the satellite will be launched using procured launch vehicle outside the country.
The essential features of the Air Services Agreement are as follows:
And so I say that please avail of this facility before this date and save yourselves from any possible trouble after the 30th of September.
These could be in great demand, and create great economic opportunity, if marketed well, he added.
PM said, “As we mark the 350th Prakash Parv, I bow to the venerable Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
The third proposal approved by the Cabinet relates to the merger of Plan and Non Plan classification in Budget and Accounts from 2017-18, with continuance of earmarking of funds for Scheduled Castes Sub-Plan/Tribal Sub-Plan.
He said the focus of today’s commemorations is Swami Vivekananda.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) for the nomination of the Union Home Minister as ex-officio Chairman of North Eastern Council (NEC) – a statutory body with Governors and Chief Ministers of all the eight North Eastern States as its Member.
India attached high priority to deepening and further expanding its strategic partnership with Canada.
On 12th February, I will interact with leading businesspersons of Oman on developing stronger economic and business links with India.
This MoU provides for cooperation in the fields of rice production and processing, multi cropping system, dryland farming systems, bio-organic farming, solid and water conservation and management, soil fertility, sericulture, agro forestry, livestock improvement etc.
To promote institutional cooperation between RIS and IDE-JETRO to strengthen the capacity of researchand effectiveness of dissemination of research findings
India does not lack sporting talent, the Prime Minister asserted.
3. stringent punishment for fraudulent default in repayment to depositors;
• We are grateful for the support of the Japanese Government for this Project.
Spoke about the rising occurrence of diabetes among youth during Mann Ki Baat last month”, the Prime Minister said.
I have been nursing that feeling ever since, acknowledging its power & strength.
We must build new global resolve and new strategies for combating terrorism, without balancing it against political considerations.
An important focus of our commemorative events celebrates the power of our youth, our future.
Regulations on BRICS Customs Cooperation Committee 8.
Fayyaz Ismail, Minister of Economic Development
The Prime Minister said today, most global economic surveys say India is the fastest growing major economy.
It is not one single person who makes that address, but it is the collective voice of 1.25 billion of my countrymen that resounds from the Red Fort.
34. This govt does not believe in postponing things.
Registration of 2.1 lakh companies of the total 3 lakh shell companies, which were suspected of channelizing the black money following the note ban, have been cancelled.
Construction of the new navigational lock therefore is an inescapable option for uninterrupted movement of vessels.
It entirely depends on us what task we want it to perform.
Noida mainly has road linkages with Delhi and the adjoining areas of Uttar Pradesh and Haryana State.
This will help provide adequate and timely funds to the States/UTs for achieving the goal of SBM(G) within the targeted timelines.
The long-term objective which is sought through this arrangement is to reduce the country’s reliance on the import of gold to meet domestic demand.
It is expected to add value to overseas mutual cooperation and regulation activities of SEBI and SEO, Iran.
It is truly a great honour and privilege to host you in India for the second Summit of Forum for India Pacific Islands Cooperation – FIPIC, as it is called now.
The magazine further observed that amidst that plethora of problems, if there was anyone who possessed the capability to unite the country and heal wounds, it was SardarVallabhbhai Patel.
Indus Waters Treaty was signed between India and Pakistan in 1960 for sharing of Indus waters.
The Prime Minister mentioned several occasions in the recent past, when people from various walks of life had come forward to help the poor.
Employment Generation Potential
There are problems at the small places right now and the poor are getting troubled.
Such is the glory of Lord Shiva.
This is one difference which can be easily understood by the people who are more connected to their villages.
Generations of political leaders, engineers scientists social activists and artists have passed through the doors of this seat of learning.
Government of India has taken a very important decision whose impact will be felt through the next century and the decision is that country’s first railway university will be constructed in Vadodara” – Hon’ble Prime Minister speaking about rail university in Vadodara in October, 2016.
This signifies that Ram & Ramayan continues to inspire and have a positive impact, not just in India, but in that part of the world too.
He expressed happiness that Kochi refinery will now be able to produce propylene after execution of IREP.
Japan participated in the WFI 2017 as a partner country and Mr. Taniai, State Minister for Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries of Japan led the Japanese delegation.
We have extended a helping hand to countries in need and participated actively in humanitarian work and disaster relief.
This is the second time India is hosting the Partners’ Forum.
The Prime Minister underscored the efforts towards self-reliance in the agriculture sector.
He said Indian culture has mechanisms to deal with this.
Will Pune people help me, yes or no?
In his address on the occasion to students of IIT, NIT and central universities of the North-east, the Prime Minister said the 21st century is the century of knowledge.
iii.In those CPSEs for which the Government has approved restructuring/ revival plan, the wage revision will be done as per the provisions of the approved restructuring / revival plan only.
Therefore, almost on a daily basis, we are trying to remove the bottlenecks that were affecting investments and growth.
A new start up eco-system has been un-veiled.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with Indian Workers at a project site in Mesheireb in Downtown Doha.
The Prime Minister said that in the State of Uttar Pradesh, the small and medium sector enterprises have been a part of traditions.
Japan’s contribution to resilient infrastructures in North East Region and through Capacity Development Project on Highways in Mountainous Regions
But the media too, has a key role to play here.
v. Enable the use of digital signatures such as through e-Sign, across borders.
Just a few days ago, in the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland, India’s brave daughter and a farmer daughter Hima Das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400-meter race event.
India has dispelled the myth that democracy and rapid economic growth cannot go together.
Our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, India has become the Asia Cup champion after an interval of ten years.
MoU for Cooperation on Broadcasting between Prasar Bharati, New Delhi, India and Saudi Broadcasting Corporation (SBC), Saudi Arabia for Exchange of Audio Visual Programme.
Besides other changes, the Protocol updates the existing provisions for exchange of information to the latest international standards.
The Prime Minister announced ex-gratia of two lakh rupees to the next of kin of the deceased, and fifty thousand rupees to those seriously injured in the floods.
He laid the foundation stone of an LPG bottling plant of Indian Oil Corporation at Maneri, Mandla District.
This JAM vision, will serve as the bedrock of many initiatives to come.
He said that today, the youth feel that they are stakeholders in the development process.
The Cabinet has also given its approval for transfer of selected small parcels of HMT land at Banglore and Kochi to different Government entities for their use in larger public interest.
Signature is the first step in the process of expressing consent to be bound by the Convention, which will become binding only upon ratification.
Processes have been simplified and made transparent.
The Emir of the State of Qatar reiterated Qatar’s interest in partnering in India’s economic growth.
The newborn should get the complete love and attention of the mother.
Going by the predictions of the scientists, this time there should be good rainfall, far and wide and throughout the rainy season.
Mr Alexei Likhachev, CEO ROSATOM
India is a Party to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).
He also shared the State Government’s major plantation drive – Haritha Haram.
He said that airports in remote areas, rail connectivity in parts of the North East, rural roads and highways have become a part of the Union Government’s identity.
Memorandum of Understanding for Sharing White Shipping Information between the Indian Navy and Myanmar Navy
When I asked, her father told me that she started reciting these shlokas since she was only five years old.
The large populations of Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra (Vidarbha) and West Bengal along with adjoining States and region will be beneficiary of this project.
Armed Forces will be crucial to the success of Make in India Mission.
It is a matter of great privilege that you will be the Guest of Honour at our 70th Republic Day Parade tomorrow.
He said 8 crore fake beneficiaries were also eliminated in the process, 1.1 lakh crore rupees are being saved.
For this, we are ready to partner with Kenya in the fields of education, vocational education and skill development.
He preached that knowledge alone defeats ego.
Punishment for promoting or facilitating trafficking of person which includesproducing, printing, issuing or distributing unissued, tampered or fake certificates, registration or stickers as proof of compliance with Government requirements; orcommits fraudfor procuring or facilitating the acquisition ofclearances and necessary documents from Government agencies.
She makes an environment of her priorities in her family for acceptability.
Yet, he added, the tribal communities had imbibed the ideals of community living, and of living cheerfully despite troubles.
Ultimately, the economic prosperity of 1.25 billion plus would also benefit the entire world.
After the start of the project Customs administrations of both countries will be committed to its further expansion.
At a function in Itanagar, he will inaugurate the Dorjee Khandu State Convention Centre.
The way our scientific community tackles these challenges, will determine our success in smart manufacturing, smart cities, Industry 4.0, and the Internet-of-Things.
And it is his heart felt desire to see all those photos & videos being shared on social media.
Good governance has an important role in taking the benefits of development to every citizen.
He said that the message of Sufism is not just confined to combating terrorism, but also encompasses his creed of “Sab Ka Saath, Sab Ka Vikaas”.
These people have shown that there is great strength at the bottom of the pyramid.
Thank you for the honour and privilege of delivering the Singapore Lecture.
Today, in 2017, if we take this resolution that how will India become in 2022, then we will get rid of corruption from the country.
3. Modernization of railway operation, management and regulations;
Shri Manohar Parrikar was the builder of modern Goa.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the ISRO scientists, on the launch of India’s first indigenous space shuttle RLV-TD.
The Prime Minister declared that this event marked the beginning of an initiative that would bring about a change in the fortunes of the people of Varanasi.
The poor of our country will derive strength from this and we must do it.
The adoption will also pave way for devising a National Policy on Official Statistics for improving systems, procedures and institutions consistent with these principles.
No other relationship of India has as many layers as our relations with China.
But a quantum particle can!
The Prime Minister called for laying down parameters to assess the performance of CSIR labs; and a mechanism whereby there could be internal competition among various labs.
“On their Statehood Day, I extend my best wishes to the people of Jharkhand.
In this process, the slip will not go into the hands of the voter nor will others be able to see it.
This would increase access to higher education and set exemplary standards for other Universities to emulate.
Pujya Bapu used to say that India resides in villages.
The amendment in the Protocol will broaden the scope of the existing framework of exchange of tax related information between the two countries, which will help curb tax evasion and tax avoidance.
Books open the windows of our minds.
They may write to the government; associations may discuss these issues and submit their memoranda to the government.
Excellency, we are two Nations of vastly different sizes.
As this day ends, our partnership has received new energy and purpose from you today and the World, new confidence in its future.
The emerging needs of the industry and the economy, as a whole for skilled technical manpower is expected to be met from the talent pool of trained personnel of the institutes.
Today, we are the fastest growing economy in the world.
The Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites Remains Act, 1958 (as amended in the year 2010) prohibits grant of any permission for new construction within the prohibited area of a centrally protected monument/ site.
Describing terrorism as the enemy of humanity, the Prime Minister said that Shri Ram represents the best of humanity, and is an epitome of sacrifice and dedication.
d) To establish exchange programme for cooperation in Human Resource Development.
· Even in the civil aviation sector, 69% of the total foreign investment has come in these last three years.
We also want our economic linkages to connect the regions and states in both countries.
How to change the face of Rajkot, how to modernize the system of Rajkot, this is going to be done by our college going young generation.
India’s transparent development cooperation is in line with Myanmar’s national priorities and also builds synergy with the Master Plan of ASEAN Connectivity.
He laid the Foundation Stone for 25 Krishi Vigyan Kendras.
The details are as under:-
I request you all- remember our country and not Modi.
Over 95 Energy Ministers from partner countries and 7000 delegates from around 70 countries are expected to be part of PETROTECH -2019.
We are a few days away from Paris, where we must achieve concrete outcome, in accordance with the principles of UN Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Being neighbours across Indian Ocean, President and I agreed to deepen our overall defence and security partnership, especially in the maritime domain.
It is aimed at harnessing the power of sun as a permanent renewable source of energy.
The Kumbh Mela can become the centre of tourist attraction as well.
The fund would be operationalised as per the present arrangements under Prarambhik Shiksha Kosh (PSK) wherein the proceeds of cess are used for Sarv Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) and Mid-Day Meal (MDM) Schemes of the Department of School Education & Literacy.
Then they used to rest for one hour from 5 to 6 p.m., had their evening tea, and then used to do work for extra time from 6 pm. till 8 o’clock.
The amount will be transferred directly to the bank account of beneficiaries through Direct Benefit Transfer.
The talks are being held in Paris and the summit has entered into the final stage.
To promote research partnership in areas like Renewable Energy, Electronics including Robotics/IoT, Advanced Materials, etc.
He mentioned how the power tariff in the case of renewable energy has been reduced significantly.
The Institute maintains offices in both India and Canada.
Sikkim, in north-eastern India, has become India’s first fully organic state.
You can make your village empowered in the same way you did it for cleanliness.
The drug then loses its efficacy and one has to fight the battle anew, develop new medicines, do new research; it takes years and till then these diseases create other complications.
Pained by his demise.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal to amend Section 4(1) and Section 5(1) of the National Trust for the Welfare of Person with Autism, Cerebral Plasy, Mental Retardation and Multiple Disabilities Act, 1999 to fix the term of the Chairperson and Members of the Board of National Trust for three years.
In this context, they welcomed the ongoing cooperation between the two countries on counter terrorism and agreed to further enhance cooperation in this direction;
The Prime Minister wrote in the Visitor’s Book.
TheMetro will provide Eco friendly and sustainable public transport to residents, commuters, industrial workers, visitors and travelers.
This will further grow by about 200 million metric tons by 2030.
He will inaugurate DD Arun Prabha Channel and Garjee – Belonia Railway Line.
Friends, while I am endorsing Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
Have a great year ahead.
The more we talk openly about aspects relating to depression and mental health, the better it is, he added.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Telangana, on the Statehood Day.
This is the first Prime Ministerial bilateral visit to Mexico after 30 years.
He asserted that Swachhata cannot be achieved through the efforts of leaders and governments, but can only be achieved through the efforts of the society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO, on the successful launch of PSLV-C36 / RESOURCESAT-2A.
The cooperation between the two countries will focus on upscaling slum upgradation and prevention initiatives based on the experience and implementation process of each country.
The TIR Convention can be an instrument for movement of goods along the International “North-South” Transport (INSTC) Corridor and would be helpful in boosting trade with the Central Asian Republics and other Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), particularly using ports in Iran like the Chabahar port.
Processing and use of space data
Once states are excluded from NSSF investments, the investible funds of NSSF with Gol will increase.
The Prime Minister said that the BHIM App is positively impacting several lives across the nation.
Fertilizer companies have been asked to buy the Compost made out of waste.
The results are already visible on the ground.
The objective of this MoU is to develop technical cooperation activities in the railway sector to promote safety, efficiency and sustainability, to their mutual benefit.
I have also visited a number of places a number of times.
Until October 2015, when Narendra Modi hosted Netaji’s extended family at his residence.
I believe that Mahatma Gandhi is still as relevant in today’s world as he was in his lifetime: Shri Narendra Modi
For our confidence about the future of India comes from our faith in you.
We now have electricity in every village.
He will lay foundation stone of City Gas Distribution Networks in Kamrup, Cacher, Hailakandi & Karimganj districts.
For SLWM activities, the financial assistance is provided with a cap of Rs.7/12/15/20 lakh to Gram Panchayats having up to 150/300/500/more than 500 households respectively.
Our genius lies in “smartly” integrating the tiger and wildlife safeguards in various infrastructures at the landscape level.
You will do that in any case but this will not be sufficient.
We will also get to see its direct benefit during our conversation in today’s evening program with the business leaders of both the countries.
ii) Waste management including hazardous wastes, and waste-to-energy technologies;
We want to drive investments across the value chain from batteries to smart charging to Electric Vehicle manufacturing.
This will have to be achieved during a period of increasing oil consumption.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on Renewable Energy between India and Portugal.
NAD will verify academic awards online on the same day of request initiated by any authorized user.
At the peak of their youth they sacrificed their lives so that others can live a life of freedom and dignity”, the Prime Minister said.
In the long run, the scheme is expected to address farmer migration and improve crop intensity.
My dear countrymen, we shall celebrate the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel ji, two days from now, on the 31st of October.
The Prime Minister will also visit his constituency, Varanasi.
More than 5 lakh candidates have been certified by NISM till date.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
The Prime Minister urged all Secretaries of Government of India, and Chief Secretaries to review the situation with regard to “Ease of Doing Business.”
“Congrats to our women’s hockey team for winning the Asian Champions Trophy 2016.
Your Excellency शेख हसीना, Prime Minister of Bangladesh,
The problem will be solved neither by abuse or bullets – it will be solved by embracing all Kashmiris.
In a way it has more than doubled.
They will talk to the people there and gather their reactions.
Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Manikya Bahadur is widely regarded as the creator of modern Tripura.
For the first time in 70 years since independence, realizing the problem of Indian population residing in border areas, the Government analyzed their plight as they suffer due to frequent violations of ceasefire specifically on the North Western border of Jammu and Kashmir with Pakistan.
1) It is the duty of any Government to maintain law and order.
Both the Uts have also been declared Kerosene Free.
The resolve was to organise 100 such programmes all over the country.
My dear countrymen, greetings to all of you!
He said diversification in farming activity will reduce the risk associated with agriculture.
Incentive measures have been proposed such as Swachh Bharat Grading/Rating for all Gram Panchayats, Municipalities, Blocks, Districts and States, each year to promote competition among them.
The Prime Minister asserted that with the digital revolution, media would play a key role in strengthening the country.
These projects are spread over several states including Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Maharashtra, Odisha, Chandigarh, Andhra Pradesh, Delhi, Gujarat, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh.
In this context, he specially emphasized the importance of involving younger officers.
Today, I will have the honour to launch a global platform to connect fintech firms and financial institutions, beginning with ASEAN and Indian banks and fintech companies.
The impacts occur in two phases: during construction and during occupancy.
The PPP in airport infrastructure projects has brought World class infrastructure at airports, delivery of efficient and timely services to the airport passengers, augmenting revenue stream to the Airports Authority of India without making any investment, etc. of these, for development of Greenfield Airports at Hyderabad and Bengaluru.
Recognizing the need for development, access and availability of technology- including for SMEs- for promoting sustainable development across sectors, we direct for early finalization of the Memorandum of Association on the Establishment of BIMSTEC Technology Transfer Facility in Sri Lanka.
In India, we see humanity as part of Nature, not outside or superior to it, and divinity manifested in Nature’s diverse forms.
vii. The Annual Report of the Institutions will be placed in the Parliament and CAG will be auditing their accounts.
He will also dedicate the ‘Women’s Hostel for Students from North Eastern Region at Bangalore University.
He will also release the guidelines for operationalization of the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, the pathbreaking scheme for crop insurance, that was approved by the Union Cabinet last month.
Those who think ahead of their time are sure to be misunderstood.
I pray that Mizoram progresses immensely in the years to come.
Among the significant projects reviewed today were the Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link, the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) and the Jal Marg Vikas Project from Allahabad to Haldia.
However, in the last one year alone, after the introduction of GST, the figure has catapulted to one crore and 16 lakh.
2. Rehabilitation Package and up-gradation of infrastructure of the Bangladeshi Enclaves and Cooch Behar District after transfer of enclaves between India and Bangladesh under Land Boundary Agreement.
The Cabinet approvals of the NHM framework provided for setting up of the Mission Steering Group (MSG), chaired by the Union Minister of Health & Family Welfare with 10 Ministers of related Ministries, 16 Secretaries, 10 independent experts, 4 State Secretaries etc and the Empowered Programme Committee (EPC), chaired by the Secretary, Department of Health & Family Welfare.
Under the UDAN scheme, 27 airports are now operational in tier 2 and tier 3 cities.
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters include:
This approval is in accordance with the announcement made by Union Finance Minister in his Budget Speech 2014-15 establishing new AIIMS at these places.
This has been started and will be gradually taken forward.
And, Kia is soon to join this club.
Doctors, Teachers and Nurses posted in remote and far flung areas of Hill Districts face many hardships due to lack of proper accomodation at their respective places of posting.
The funds sharing pattern for Centre and State is 60:40 in respect of States other than North Eastern and Himalayan States.
The salient features of the norms for spectrum trading shall include:-
And, with his participation as our honoured Chief Guest in the Republic Day Celebrations tomorrow this visit is particularly special.
“I am Lakhwinder Singh from Jalandhar, Punjab.
The Prime Minister reviewed the parade of the CISF personnel.
There have been public demands from various quarters in Gujarat, especially from Kachhh district, to rename ‘Kandla Port’ as ‘Deendayal Port, Kandla’.
Those who are un-organized and undisciplined, do those things in the evening that they should have done in the morning and then the work they had to do in the afternoon is done late at night.
Government is working towards completing all approvals by April 2018 and to launch the first academic program in July 2018.
The recent spate of attacks in different countries, not to mention the ceaseless terrorist attempts against India and Afghanistan, are a reminder of the global nature of this threat.
A new process for appointments is being put in place under the Bank Boards Bureau.
Gold can be in any form (bullion or jewellery).
Prime Minister Modi was accorded a high level ceremonial welcome on arrival.
He said this bridge is a marvel of engineering and technology, and is of immense strategic significance.
He will inaugurate the 10th edition of Defence Expo, DefExpo-2018 in Chennai at Tiruvidanthal, in Kancheepuram district.
This Legislation is to address this requirement.
The Prime Minister said that the status of the energy sector in India is highly uneven.
Arunachal Express is running weekly twice from Naharlagun.
DBT will ensure transparency in the entire process and will save time for the farmers.
I have often said that e-governance is easy and effective Governance.
He said areas contiguous to the sea have tremendous potential for renewable energy generation.
This would require simpler processing, and faster approval.
Can a newspaper, devote just a few column inches of space, each day for one year, to this cause?
Talking about challenges in the agricultural sector today, the Prime Minister said that the success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern India; and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality.
The business community was unhappy with the inertia and stagnation that had set in.
The large Indian-origin community of Kenya is a vital and energetic link between us.
250 fishermen from Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka have landed safely at Lakshadweep on 3rd December.
India exercises with the United States more than we do with any other partner.
I extend my heartiest felicitations to each and every ministry, every department and all employees of the Central and State governments involved with this process.
The function to mark the handing over of cows was held at Rweru Model Village, in the presence of Rwandan President Paul Kagame.
It was distressing to see the suffering of the affected people.
But I am expecting more suggestions.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
However, he asserted that this Government does not shy away from taking tough decisions in national interest.
“I will be visiting Sweden and the United Kingdom for bilateral meetings and for the India-Nordic Summit and the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting during 17-20 April 2018.
Prime Minister Modi and President Rouhani witnessed the exchange of the following documents and jointly addressed the media: i.
MOU between India and Palestine for setting up of India-Palestine Super-specialty hospital at Beit Sahour in Bethelhem Governorate at a cost of US $30 million
It is an example of how simple reforms can be very effective.
They did a lexical analysis of all the episodes to calculate the frequency of occurrence of particular words; whether there were some words that were oft-repeated!
The MoU envisages strengthening the technological, scientific and management capabilities of India and the European Union in the field of water management on the basis of equality, reciprocity and mutual benefit.
Much as you wait for Mann ki Baat, I await your messages with greater eagerness.
Just a few weeks ago, we launched the India Post Payments Bank.
Prominent among these projects are:
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval to a number of amendments in the FDI Policy.
The Chief Minister apprised the Prime Minister of efforts undertaken for mitigation of problems faced by people because of drought conditions.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working towards establishing an Ayurveda hospital in every district of the country.
This initiative is the beginning of a journey to restore the original mandate of higher education regulators.
Gandhi’s style of working had an incredible balance.
14. Recognizing the importance of facilitating people-to-people exchanges and travel, the leaders welcomed the new Agreement on Visa Facilitation signed today.
It is a day of enormous significance for you here in Sri Lanka, for us in India, and for Buddhists around the world.
The Cabinet also approved the Renewal of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) & The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales
The tenure of the present Commission is upto 31.3.2019.
Such attention to detail is necessary to attain leadership in export markets.
During an appraisal of the progress of Aadhaar enrolment, it was noted that overall enrolment is now close to 105 crore, and special attention is being given to the North-Eastern States which are lacking in this regard.
It has brought with it some responsibilities for us and has also set a few boundaries on us.
Even in families, the relationship between the young and old has changed.
While looking forward at our future needs, I consider this new railway philosophy as the lifeline of a New India.
We believe women empowerment is vital to our development.
We have Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreements with Singapore, Japan and South Korea.
This Agreement provides for mutual assistance between India and Jordan to ensure proper application of the customs legislations in the two countries to prevent custom offences and for smooth exchange of accurate information regarding custom duties, taxes, fees and other charges levied by custom administration.
1. We, the Heads of State and Government of the Federative Republic of Brazil, the Russian Federation, the Republic of India, the People’s Republic of China and the Republic of South Africa, met from 25 – 27 July 2018 in Johannesburg, at the 10th BRICS Summit.
On 14 November, I will have the honour to be the first Head of Government to deliver the Keynote Address at the Singapore Fintech Festival.
He said that aviation was once considered the domain of a select few, but that has changed now.
I would also like to thank you for the excellent arrangements and for the warmth of your welcome.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid homage to soldiers on Kargil Vijay Diwas.
Indeed, India is home to ancient, rich and diverse cultures, through which runs an under-lying theme of unity.
With Thirty-Five courses and Two-Thousand Two-Hundred Plus students, Gujarat Forensic Science University is engaged in teaching and research in different areas of Forensic Sciences.
We decide to expedite the establishment of the BIMSTEC Cultural Industries Commission and BIMSTEC Cultural Industries Observatory in Bhutan, which will serve as a repository for information on cultural industries.
When Arjuna was posing a lot of queries to Lord Krishna in the battlefield of Kurukshetra, then Krishna told Arjuna that you achieve goals as per your thinking and beliefs.
The Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone of three National Highway Projects at a function in Sonepat, Haryana.
The Prime Minister will also visit the exhibition organized by CREDAI.
We have to succeed in providing round the clock electricity.
He said we have a lot to learn from the experiences of States, which could provide the best solutions to problems and challenges.
We have to help people below the poverty line and that’s why we have decided to provide free gas connection to such people.
The loan shall be in the ten lakh to one crore rupee range.
Thousands of Indian companies are registered in Singapore.
He said that the Union and State Governments have both worked together towards improving EoDB, in the spirit of cooperative, competitive federalism.
And, new technologies offer us new ways to be more effective against both traditional and new challenges.
The MoU was signed during the State Visit of King Philippe of the Belgium to India on November 7, 2017.
He will distribute 501 paddle rickshaws and 101 e-rickshaws.
This is driven by an algorithm that uses GST returns, Income Tax returns and bank statements to make credit decisions.
This time 19 athletes, including three women, took part in Paralympics from our country.
• Give greater voice to major emerging economies in the global governance structure for energy.
I congratulate them for making banks so easily accessible to the poor and this fact will bring a major change in the coming days.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central obelisk, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
We are building one hundred smart cities.
The brightest and best in every corner of India should have the opportunity to excel in science.
Your courage is our inspiration.
The visit of Your Excellency provides us with a vital opportunity to take this relationship forward.
Benefits of NESIDS:
It is an engine for growth, employment generation, wealth creation and delivery of goods and services that make our lives comfortable.
Once again my humble tribute to revered Baba Saheb.
I have been noticing for the last two days that many people have uploaded pictures of the Simhastha Kumbh Mela.
Under the Pradhan MantriAwaasYojana, the registry of the House is done in the name of the woman.
The Buxar Thermal Power Plant will be based on Supercritical Technology with two units of 660 MW each, equipped with latest emission control technology to protect the environment and has high efficiency.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing and ratifying the Extradition Agreement between India and Morocco.
Today on this very occasion I also bow to Shri Shri Mataji as I have been told that she is now present in a similar programme at Los Angeles.
We have taken very decisive steps to remove a number of long pending concerns.
We are encouraging it to fast-track the services to our 1.25 billion people.
11. Reiterate commitment and promote comprehensive approach to combat terrorism through close cooperation by disrupting and countering terrorists, terrorist groups and networks, including by countering cross border movement of terrorists and foreign terrorist fighters and misuse of Internet including social media by terror entities; strengthen cooperation to stop terrorism financing efforts, and prevent recruitment of members of terrorist groups; support efforts in targeting terrorist groups and sanctuaries; and take further urgent measures to counter and prevent the spread of terrorism, while stressing that there can be no justification for acts of terror on any grounds whatsoever.
With one of the world’s largest reserves of hydrocarbons, Russia can be a critical source of energy security for India, especially because of our strategic partnership.
And, just as in India, here in Philippines also, the government wants to see change, bring about inclusive growth, Develop infrastructure, and fight corruption.
He always remained engaged in keeping India’s integrity intact.
· 52% of the total foreign investment in the electrical equipments has come in during the three years of this government.
The length of Patna Station to New ISBT corridor is 14.45 km, which is mostly elevated (9.9 km) and partly underground (4.55 km) and comprising of 12 stations (9-Elevated and 3-Underground).
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
The cooperation will enhance India’s strategic cooperation in the field of blue economy; commercial benefits from export of human resources, expertise and technology and it will increase India’s access to ocean-based resources in cooperation with Seychelles.
Mapping of flood inundation areas for use by the disaster management authorities 4.
A momentum need to be created.
“Mann Ki Baat” has turned my faith into belief and reverence and once again I would like to salute this immense power of the people through this platform.
• We are fully committed to maintain peace in Jammu and Kashmir and to wipe out the anti national elements from the state.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need to improve last mile delivery, and focus on streamlining procedures, which would improve not just the “Doing Business” rankings, but also increase the “Ease of Living” for small businesses and the common man.
It is the only solution to radicalism.
It was a war that mattered for both our countries.
The Convention will not function in the same way as an Amending Protocol to a single existing treaty, which would directly amend the text of the Covered Tax Agreements.
All these efforts are reflection of our commitment for developing road connectivity in the State.
He handed over Letters of Award for Construction of Interchange-cum-ROB at Kutch Salt Junction; Deployment of two Mobile Harbour Cranes; and Mechanization for handling of fertilisers at Kandla Port.
Mumbai Ahmedabad High Speed Rail
The need of the hour is to revive the mother-son relationship.
As against the onetime loan waivers, PM KISAN is truly an empowering project designed for ensuring dignified life for small scale farmers.
Scientific co-operation on projects in the fields of -inter alia- Earth sciences and life sciences, as well as those related to the protection and conservation of the natural environment of Antarctica and the Southern Oceans;
• Similarly, 5.47 crore subscribers under Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana (PMJJBY) with 1.10 lakh claims, involving an amount of Rs. 2206.28 crore settled so far.
India’s Act East Policy is shaped around the ASEAN, and its centrality in the regional security architecture of the Indo-Pacific region is evident.
The purpose is to convert ideas that emerge in today’s session into specific action points relevant to each group.
But we are focusing on mass transportation systems especially metro rail systems.
He said that investment in Railways has been enhanced substantially, because he believes that the Railways can be the spine of the Indian economy.
INSV Tarini is a 55-foot sailing vessel, which has been built indigenously, and was inducted in the Indian Navy earlier this year.
• The proposal must start from the Boards of Banks.
Both sides pledged to deepen cooperation in these areas.
I wish Gift city and the India International Exchange the very best.
They expressed satisfaction at operationalisation of the Line of Credit of US $ 100 million under which L&T has been awarded contract for manufacture of Offshore Patrol Vessels (OPVs).
They equally highlighted the attractiveness of France for Indian investors.
We also ended the requirement to visit government offices for life certification for pensioners by introducing online biometric identification.
At Konark Stadium, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Parakram Parv.
16. Pharmacies in government hospitals will also accept these notes for buying medicines with doctors’ prescription.
We had the pleasure of receiving President Moon Jae-in and First Lady Mrs. Kim Jung-sook in India in July last year.
• Special provision has been made under the Scheme for internal security, law and order, women security, availability of modern weapons, mobility of police forces, logistics support, hiring of helicopters, upgradation of police wireless, National Satellite Network, CCTNS project, E-prison project etc.
The Prime Minister gave the example of the closing down of the Directorate General of Supplies and Disposals.
The Agreement was signed at Bengaluru on 19th September 2018.
India is one of the biggest sources of tourists in Malaysia.
We need to think big and also think innovatively.
Speaking on India’s Foreign Policy, PM said, in last 5 years, India has played a great role in humanitarian works be it relief activities during earthquake in Nepal, Water crisis in Maldives or rescuing citizens in Yemen.
The two Leaders agreed to follow up on the discussions that they have had, and to carry forward the bilateral relations with meetings of the following mechanisms within the first half of 2017:
The project will involve a cost of Rs.61.90 crore in temporary campus for the initial four years from 2016 to 2020.
Through her work, she spread the message of the importance of cleanliness and service to mankind.
The proposal will help in closing loss making companies and ensuring release of valuable assets for productive use, or for generating financial resources for developmental progress.
Like traditional knowledge, science has also evolved through human experiences and exploration of Nature.
There is no upper limit on Government subsidy for this scheme.
Under Section 13A of IT Act 1961, Political parties have to submit audited accounts, income & expenditure details and balance sheets.
Above all, the statue and the gate will be a tribute to Malaysia’s diversity and harmony.
He was elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2009 and has been on various Committees of Parliament including the Committee on Water Resources and the Consultative Committee for the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting.
And when I say “Sankalp Se Siddhi”, we can see for ourselves as to how a Cleanliness Campagin is advancing towards Sankalp Siddhi, that is Attainment through Reslove.
And, it is this spirit that leads us to set an ambitious and comprehensive strategy to combat climate change.
But the concern you have expressed is genuine.
There is a huge domestic market in India.
He was bestowed with a quiet and simple personality, but whenever, an attempt was made to suppress the voice of the poor and the weak, or injustice was done to them, then Guru Gobind Singh ji raised his voice firmly for the poor and the weak and therefore it is said –
He said messaging should rely on local languages for greater effectiveness.
The BRICS is also committed to strengthen our consultations and cooperation on peace and security matters.
For the past 70 years, what kind of forces are involved in this murky enterprise of perfidy and corruption?
Among the projects reviewed today are: the Mumbai Metro, the Tirupati-Chennai Highway, long-pending road projects in Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, and Manipur, and important power transmission lines in Jammu and Kashmir and the North-East.
GST is so simple that a class 12 student can help merchants file returns.
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
They have emphasized on reforms in the educational set ups.
You all know very well, that Elephanta is located 10 kms by the sea from Mumbai.
Our vast consumer base, rising incomes, favourable investment climate and a Government dedicated to ease of doing business, all make India ‘the place to be’ for the global food processing fraternity.
In fact, many of your products are house-hold names in India.
On the auspicious occasion of Navreh, my greetings to everyone celebrating.
Now, it is in force only in a few districts.
The Prime Minister’s speech was widely appreciated by those at the programme and by eminent commentators.
The inclusion of the provision in the Act was on the specific recommendations of the Standing Committee on Finance (in its 21st report).
And when it came to my notice, I wanted to share this story with you.
Addressing a massive gathering of the British-Indian Community at the Wembley Stadium in London, in the presence of UK Prime Minister David Cameron, the Prime Minister spoke of the great contributions of the Sikh community and of India’s Sufi tradition.
These thieves and robbers must have gone to some economic doctor.
And you must have observed today also that women are a majority amongst those who ask me questions or send in suggestions.
I had mentioned from the Red Fort that why should there be interviews for the lower posts.
There can be no greater happiness than the humanity having a peaceful existence.
He kept on breaking his own records consecutively and consistently for about twenty years, everytime surpassing and outdoing himself and thus continuously forging ahead.
I expect a good, healthy debate with excellent contribution from all the political parties..
One should be saddened to witness any wrong taking place in the country.
The benefits of Kisan Credit Card have also been launched for our fishermen and women.
Earlier India was awaiting membership of various international organisations.
The consultations also touched upon Afghanistan and other global matters.
We are with them in their struggles.
The Sides recognized the immense contribution made by the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences, to the promotion of India-Russia relations over several decades.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated a 180 KW capacity rooftop solar power plant for the District Court in Khunti, Jharkhand.
The Defense Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short span of time.
Our Government has opened bank accounts for the poor.
STRENGTHENING AND CONSOLIDATING BRICS COOPERATION IN INTERNATIONAL PEACE AND SECURITY
on the foundations of this extraordinary heritage, the wealth of our human links and the strength of our shared values, India and Singapore are building a partnership of our age.
Mr. Devendra Karki, Secretary, Ministry of Physical Infrastructure and Transport
Shri Ratan Tata, in his welcome address, thanked the Prime Minister for his support, cooperation and vision towards affordable healthcare and cancer research.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the signing of the Consortium Agreement by the Earth System Science Organization-Ministry of Earth Sciences (ESSO-MoES) with the U. K. Met Office (UKMO), Korea Meteorological Administration (KMA) and the Commonwealth of Australia through its Bureau of Meteorology and the Commonwealth Scientific Industrial and Research Organisation (CSIRO) for a coordinated effort in the development of a state-of-art Unified Model (UM) Earth System Model for the seamless prediction of weather and climate from days to season.
To strengthen cooperation in postal field including through setting up of Postal Services Dialogue between Ministry of Communications and Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications
He envisioned the welfare of all humanity and considered all castes to be equal.
On the other hand, as I’d said earlier, on the 8th to be precise, this drive, this war is an extraordinary one.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and the State Secretariat for Education, Research and Innovation of the Swiss Confederation for cooperation in skill development.
The Prime Minister condoled the loss of lives in the recent terrorist attacks in Bangladesh.
They try to meet felt needs by making processes more convenient and comfortable for the end user.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its approval for transfer of 40 acres of Airports Authority of India (AAI) land at RR station, Dahisar to Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) for its metro shed swapping with 40 acres of State Government land at Gorai, Mumbai.
In order to further intensify cooperation among BRICS countries in agricultural research policy, science and technology, innovation and capacity building, including technologies for small¬holder farming in the BRICS countries, an MoU on establishment of the Agricultural Research Platform was signed by the foreign Ministers of BRICS countries in the 8th BRICS Summit held on 16th October, 2016 at Goa.
Dr. Abdul Kalam continued to work throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
The most fundamental debate for our youth is the choice between Android, iOS or Windows.
Well, I had never given a thought to a possible connection between my sleep, my speeches and my voice.
• India has also improved its UNCTAD ranking of investment attractiveness.
It would give an opportunity to include Indian designs, figurative elements and goods in the international classification systems.
The foundation for the progress of India is the rise of its villages; so if we all keep laying stress on the progress of the villages, we shall continue to get the desired results.
The population of Pune Urban Agglomeration was 4.99 million as per 2011 census compared to 3.57 million in 2001 census.
50. Indian and France share a common interest to cooperate and collaborate for the stability and prosperity of Africa, including through development oriented initiatives such as capacity building programs and joint projects.
Dangerous driving penalty
In our country there is a network of ASHA workers.
During the current financial year till August, total FDI of 30.38 billion US dollars has been received, which represents an increase of 30% as compared to the corresponding period last year.
My government has intervened with legislative and administrative measures to improve the supply of critical inputs and raw materials.
Addressing the media at the end of the Summit, President Prime Minister Modi recalled his first visit to St. Petersburg as Chief Minister of Gujarat in 2001.
I will interact with the Indian community as well.
In India, unlike other countries, the availability of the Spectrum is relatively small.
The Union Cabinet in its meeting held on 22nd February, 2015, accepted that this recommendation will be examined in due course in consultation with various stake holders.
It is important to have a house first, be it a small or a big one.
On the occasion, the Prime Minister also visited the exhibition on “Gandhi – Ek Pravasi.”
These traditional bonds of friendship have strengthened through regular exchange of high level visits.
My dear countrymen, you may recall that we had successfully organized FIFA Under- 17 World Cup in the year2017.
The Government is trading the path laid down by Atal ji.
We have full faith in the bravery and valour of our security forces.
The Prime Minister appreciated the constructive suggestions made in the meeting and reiterated his Government’s commitment to the welfare of citizens of the State.
The Prime Minister will be given an overview of the progress of work on this project.
The North East region has turned to be a hub of organic farming.
It is also a platform for business networking, for farmers, processors, traders, and logistics operators.
It rests on the strong pillars of India’s Act East Policy, and our shared vision and commitment to a free, open and inclusive Indo-Pacific.
He also directed the Road and Surface Transport Ministry to take effective steps for repair of roads damaged and also provide all assistance to the State in this regard.
So to protect human dignity, we have to move ahead with those schemes which will ensure respectable lives for people.
То address the threats of chemical and biological terrorism, the Sides supported and emphasized the need for launching multilateral negotiations at the Conference on Disarmament on an international convention for the suppression of acts of chemical and biological terrorism.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has strongly condemned the horrific attack in Nice, France.
This diversity is clearly reflected in the clothing present in different regions.
The selected private agency shall procure the commodity at MSP in the notified markets during the notified period from the registered farmers in consonance with the PPSS Guidelines, whenever the prices in the market fall below the notified MSP and whenever authorized by the state/UT government to enter the market and maximum service charges up to 15% of the notified MSP will be payable.
Prime Minister’s official engagement in Rwanda and Uganda include bilateral meetings with the Presidents, delegation level talks and meetings with the business and the Indian communities.
1st Annual Meeting of the Board of Governors of BRICS NDB (20 July 2016, Shanghai) 39.
The measures undertaken by the State have resulted in a reasonable amount of drought-proofing, despite deficient (about 80 per cent of long-term average) and skewed temporal distribution of rainfall.
Go to a destination and spend three to four days there.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Varanasi, Kanpur and Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh on 8th March 2019.
The North Eastern Council was set up in 1972.
PM said that under the Udan scheme, more number of airports are being added to give a boost to air connectivity and now people can access it not far from their respective places.
It was such a striking photo that my attention was magnetically drawn towards.
They are a wonderful way to preserve our history, he added.
Yet another new tradition comes into effect from today.
The ‘Greenovation Exhibition’ at WSDS 2018 will showcase the latest technological advancements to meet Sustainable Development Goals.
In this context, he mentioned the National Energy Storage Mission.
I see 800 million potential entrepreneurs who can work towards making the world a better place.
These amendments will benefit power consumers in multiple ways.
Shri Shivalli will be remembered for his service to Karnataka.
It is a very important tourist destination.
“Well done Aanchal Thakur for winning an international medal in skiing!
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
Each and every person will have to abide by the law; the law will fix accountability and the guilty will unquestionably be punished.
The Prime Minister appreciated the State of Goa, for its progress.
• Because, ease of doing business, also leads to ease of life;
Our interests in the area of security are common as neighbors.
Brothers and sisters, our villages and our farmers are strong pillars of our economy.
iii. Support to MWCD in developing a shared national communication campaign for maternal and child nutrition for roll out among target population.
In conclusion For Singapore, there is no better opportunity than India.
For most people, Makar Sankranti means a break from the harrowing winter and warmer, brighter days.
My Ministerial colleagues, Shri Prakash Javadekarji, Shri Piyush Goyalji, Distinguished guests.
These included the dedication of 765/400 KV GIS Varanasi Power Sub-station; laying of foundation stone of Varanasi City Gas Distribution Project; inauguration of Varanasi Postal Region; Expansion Project of Diesel Locomotive Works (Phase 1); laying of foundation stone for second line and electrification of Allahabad-Varanasi Rail Line; and setting up of Perishable Cargo Centre at Rajatalab Railway Station.
Rapid industrialization and intense commercial developments in the past decades have resulted in steep rise in travel demand, putting Pune’s transport infrastructure to stress.
This longing throbs in the core of every human heart.
It has been a source of strength and success for India in defence, development and diplomacy.
We also need professionally run arbitral institutions which can deliver international standards of services at reasonable costs to businesses in India.
Riddhiraj excelled both in Mathematics and Science, for Middle East, to win a total of 80 Kuwait Dinars.
Greetings to all Odia people on Maha Vishuba Sankranti.
The artefacts include wooden chair and sword used by Netaji, medals, badges, uniforms and other artefacts related to INA.
In Herat, in Afghanistan, on the India Afghan Friendship Dam, Salma Dam, Yoga added a new aspect to India’s friendship.
The Prime Minister gave several examples of “Ease of Living” that have been brought about in the last three years, such as quicker income tax refunds, quicker passport delivery etc.
I am sure these advancements will further the reach of the media and make the media space even more democratic and participative.
Increase of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) and overseas commercial transactions have further contributed to a significant increase of commercial disputes.
He stopped at Kashi Vishwanath Temple for a few minutes to offer prayers.
I have set the objective of doubling farmers’ income by 2022.
Purpose is to set up next generation Centre of Excellence (COE) in Jordan for training of minimum 3000 Jordanian IT professionals over a period of 5 years, and setting up of resource centre in India for Training of Master trainers in IT field from Jordan.
When our people are under attack, the brave Afghans guard us as their own.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today replied to the motion of thanks on the President’s Address in the Lok Sabha.
They transform not only our rural economy, but also our society.
Are there only 32 lakh people in this country who earn more than 10 lakhs?
He said the range of topics being discussed has become more broad-based over the last two years.
And, Korean investments into India have reached a cumulative figure of almost 6 billion Dollars.
The One Time Settlement (OTS) terms include complete waiver of interest and settle on principal amount of Rs. 305.63 crore in settlement of all pari-passu collateral held by them.
The Prime Minister emphasized that schemes must be designed keeping in mind the welfare of the poor, and not merely to derive electoral benefit.
It is essential to believe in ourselves and know that this is our turn, he added.
India is today among the most open economies.
• The leaders also noted the outcome of the third meeting of the Joint Working Group on Coal held in November 2015.
In such territories of these High Courts as per proviso to sub-section (1) of section 3 there are no commercial courts at district level and instead Commercial Divisions have been constituted in each of these High Courts.
The event will involve deliberations on creating livable cities using mobility as a vehicle to drive Urban Development by incorporating the use of advanced technology, parking solutions, electric vehicles and big data.
Here while seeing this exhibition my Secretary informed me that the sarpanch sisters are also taking this exhibition very attentively and every one was busy there taking Selfie.
“GST is the biggest tax reform in independent India.
To strengthen cooperation in postal field including through setting up of Postal Services Dialogue between Ministry of Communications and Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications
And, as it rebalances its economy, and as India steps up the pace of its growth, we can both reinforce each other’s progress.
Top energy CEOs and investors, including Ahmad Chatila, CEO SunEdison; Nikesh Arora, President and COO, Softbank; K.R. Sridhar, CEO, Bloom Energy; Jonathan Wolfson, CEO, Solazyme; John Doerr, Venture Capitalist; and Ira Ehrenpreis of DBL partners were present.
More importantly, no one place on the earth can offer the potential for consumption on such a massive scale.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met the President of the United States, Mr. Barack Obama, in New York City.
He said science, innovation and research would be the foundation of ties between India and Israel in the future.
Under the scheme, arrangements have been made to provide funds worth Rs.50,000 to 10 lakh without guarantee.
He appealed to the citizens to conserve each and every drop of water for the benefit of present and future generation.
Earlier the Prime Minister visited Shravanabelagola for the Bahubali Mahamasthakabhisheka Mahotsava 2018.
We will cooperate for sustainable development of Blue Economy that will become important future drivers of our prosperity.
24 by 7 help-lines by Indian Embassies; ‘Open House’ meetings with Indian nationals; consular camps; twitter seva for passport services; and use of social media platforms for immediate access; are some of the measures that we have put in place to convey a clear message that we are there for you when you need us.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for the Revised Cost Estimate (RCE) of Rs.2904.04 crores for the Kaladan Multi Modal Transit Transport Project in Myanmar.
A joint mechanism will be set up by Department of Fertilizers, Ministry of Urban Development and Department of Agriculture to monitor and facilitate availability of adequate quantity of City Compost at terms mutually agreeable between compost manufacturers and Fertilizer Marketing companies.
India salutes the dedication and commitment of all teachers, whose role in nation building is paramount.
The draft bill is aimed at bringing reforms in the medical education of Indian medicine sector in lines with the National Medical Commission proposed for setting up for Allopathy system of medicine.
It is an integrated platform for purchases by government agencies.
And, in this fiscal year, we have launched a 15 billion U.S. dollar programme, to further strengthen our higher education system.
Necessary steps will be initiated by the Department of Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance to acquire the membership of the EBRD.
H.E. Kim Hyun-chong, Minister for Trade, Industry & Energy
It gives you inner satisfaction.
He laid foundation stone for North East Gas Grid.
May the year be full of happiness, good health and prosperity.
It flows out of shared interests and a common vision.
The MoU with Canada was in existence during 15.03.2011 to 14.03.2014.
“Collapse of a building in Mumbai is saddening.
It was the first time that this programme was organized in any other country outside America.
Have also asked my Cabinet colleague and Health Minister JPNadda to immediately reach the site of the fire tragedy in Kollam.
My dear countrymen, Kiran Sidar has written on MyGov that I should highlight the aspects of India’s space program and its future.
Under the cadre review, the increase in existing structure of Group ‘A’ posts from 4210 to 4300 posts is as under:-
The Prime Minister warmly recalled their long association, and congratulated Mr. Goh Chok Tong on assuming charge as the Chairman of the Governing Board of Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy earlier this year.
The mission will cover in a seamless wayRND, technology development, human resource and skills, innovation, Startup Eco System and strong industry and international collaborations.
This has led to not only availability of cheaper medicines, but also new employment opportunities for individual entrepreneurs.
The indoor sports facility will help the youngsters and give them a chance to play indoor games.
• The gift of a communications satellite for use by neighbours at no cost has perhaps no precedent worldwide.
And, it must be on your terms, on your genius, through your own process and your own spirit of brotherhood.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Urban Development and Bloomberg Philanthropies (BP), New York to support the development of Smart Cities.
“Wishing people of Himachal Pradesh on their Statehood Day.
He will then lay the foundation stone for construction of Transit accomodation for Kashmiri migrant employees in Kashmir valley through the unveiling of plaque.
The Master plan for these AIIMS has also been finalized.
Slowly, this amount grew to Rs. 27 thousand crores, but when that poor labourer moves to some another place after 6-8 months of employment there, moves to another place after a year or two from there, no account of the money he deposited there is maintained.
Hon’ble Ministers of Sri Lanka,
My many felicitations and best wishes to you.
This is empowerment.
The Prime Minister said that “Minimum Government, Maximum Governance”and “सबका साथ, सबका विकास” form the basis for New India.
With pride and dignity, you made your life here.
We are not only having a high growth rate; we are also going up in various global indicators.
Development Projects
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Spain on cooperation in Port matters.
He writes that as we commemorate 25 years of ASEAN -India relations, India’s ties with southeast Asia date back more than 2,000 years.
And Venkaiah ji has always been successful in this regard.
Hailing the health sector revolution in Gujarat, Prime Minister said that the hospitals that have come up in the past few years in Gujarat will greatly benefit the poor.
The Prime Minister encouraged the delegation to continue working for the upliftment of the OBC community, especially at the grass root level.
Today, I am delighted to be in Mozambique as my first destination in mainland Africa.
This means that the path walked by Mahatma Gandhi was followed by millions of people and where Gandhiji’s eyes were fixed, the eyes of millions were set upon the same thing.
The Prime Minister visited a virtual exhibition and interacted with Start-up entrepreneurs.
a. Surveys required for engineering and design, construction and operation of the EQUIPMENT, b.
The Prime Minister said that Vajpayee ji changed the global narrative on Kashmir.
We, therefore, agree to constructively engage in further developing the current legal framework of the multilateral trading system within the WTO, taking into consideration the concerns and interests of all WTO members, including in particular the developing members.
Gratuity, PF, Leave encashment and other retirement benefits to the retired employees.
The States will identify the eligible districts from among the IAP districts of NRLM.
Prime Minister exchange views with the delegation members on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
It will provide Agra with better and more assured water supply.
We should consider methods for increasing it in a fair, efficient and transparent way.
• 53% women Jan Dhan account holders and 59% Jan Dhan accounts are in rural and semi urban areas.
A common man who earns livelihood will be free from processes involving presumptive tax payment on turn over.
In fact, the total FDI inflows received during the last year have been the highest ever.
Venerable Monks, Excellencies and friends,
President Xi welcomed India’s accession to the SCO and said it would strengthen it.
He told the medal winners that their sporting feats have raised India’s stature.
To generate employment, we are working towards making India a global manufacturing hub.
The jawans from our Army, Navy and Air force guarding our land, waters and skies.
We have never eyed someone else’s territory maliciously.
As a sequel to the Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act, 2014, bifurcating the then State of Andhra Pradesh to the States of Andhra Pradesh and Telengana, the Government of India inter alia decided to establish an Indian Institutes of Science Education & Research (IISER), an Institute of National Importance, in the residual State of Andhra Pradesh.
Development cooperation has a significant role in India’s relations with Myanmar.
Partly this will be through poultry, honey bees, farm ponds and fisheries.
The Prime Ministers lauded the officers for collectively giving around 10,000 working hours for the entire process.
Earlier, the Prime Minister unveiled a statue of Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam at DRDO Bhavan.
Her good work for the people of Tamil Nadu will be remembered for generations.
We live in a world that is inter-dependent and hyper-connected.
Gift city was born out of this vision.
I am confident that the strength of these links, old and new, will hold us in good stead as we forge a partnership for the 21st century.
He urged the members of the delegation to prioritize people’s interests, as the people have reposed enormous faith and hope on them.
The Prime Minister said that the Swachh Seva Samman Kosh, announced today would help the sanitation workers and their families, in times of need.
It was a pleasant experience for me to talk to our farmer brothers and sisters and scientists and to listen and understand their experiences in farming and getting to know about innovations in the agricultural sector.
3.07 lakh Gramin Dak Sevaks will be benefitted by this wage revision.
It’s almost like day and night.
Our journey of transformation begins at home.
Let us live by and strive for this resolve.
The sky and stars have always enthralled children.
Ayushman Bharat has a two-fold strategy.
On 24th January ‘KALAM SAT’ fashioned by our students had been launched.
It is a crime to deprive the common man of the benefits of a project or a scheme for such a long time.
Approval of the Union Cabinet will help in monitoring of the precious Inter-linking of River Projects to be carried out under National Perspective Plan 1980 of Government of India.
The government, their parents, family members, media, citizens of that country, each one of them displayed an awe-inspiring sense of peace and patience.
School children will be encouraged to visit the birth places/statues/monuments in their towns/cities.
The year-wise phasing of the scheme will be- Rs. 911 crore in 2017-18, Rs.1372 crore in 2018-19 and Rs. 900 crore in 2019-2020.
Will join culmination of the DigiDhan Mela, where I will present awards to Mega Draw winners of Lucky Grahak Yojana and DigiDhan Vyapar Yojna.
This will be an added attraction for tourists.
The initiative envisages loans to at least two aspiring entrepreneurs from these categories.
And for the people who are associated with the Cleanliness Campaign also, there could be no better inspiring example than Chandrakant Kulkarni.
(e) Creation of 18 additional SAG level posts taking the grade strength from 37 to 55.
g) To exchange experiences in the areas of promotion, marketing, destination development and management.
The Indian Institutes of Information Technology Act, 2014 confers the status of Institutions of National Importance on the IIITs and also provides for matters connected with administering these IIITs.
The sale process was undertaken by way of e-tender through M/s Metal and Scrap Trading Corporation (MSTC).
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the renewal of Long Term Agreements (LTAs) for supply of iron ore (lumps and fines) of grade +64% Fe content to Japanese Steel Mills (JSMs) and POSCO, South Korea for another five years (i.e. 1.4.2018 upto 31.3.2023) through MMTC Limited.
Have you ever inquired about the employment provided to youth using technology in these Common Service Centres?
More than 9,000 Indian soldiers made the supreme sacrifice.
Once a folk singer came to meet me.
We now have to work together as strong partners to look at new energy pathways and technology solutions for a climate smart world.
Can our mobile gets converted as mobile phone bank, yes or no?
In 1942, conditions internationally became favourable for India to get independence, the Prime Minister said, noting that today again, the global conditions are favourable for India.
He will also lay the foundation stone of Jodiya Desalination Plant and Und-3 to Venu-2 Lift Irrigation scheme
India was ranked number one in the world in 2016 in greenfield investment.
Recalling his meeting with the President of Indonesia, the Prime Minster said, “I warmly recall my meeting with President Joko Widodo.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is working towards removing bottlenecks and simplifying procedures to speed up implementation of infrastructure projects.
And that is why we are going ahead with this aim and today standing under this tricolour, once again I want to reiterate the resolve for which we are ready to sacrifice ourselves.
Other dignitaries on the dais,
The NSSF loans come at an extra cost to the State Government as the market rates are considerably lower.
Background:
Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Vijay Rupani ;
We are likely to achieve the 12th Five Year Plan target for TFR of 2.1 by 2017.
He urged all States to align their plans with this advancement, so that they could take maximum advantage of this move.
And, the growing arc of terrorist violence endangers our entire region.
In-land water-ways routes are being optimized.
I especially remember the life of Jawed Ahmed, his dedication and devotion especially on every 3rd December.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today approved a new Metro Rail Policy that seeks to enable realization of growing metro rail aspirations of a large number of cities but in a responsible manner.
Both are low, and have not helped us in terms of export stimulus.
India has already committed the required support of operationalization of ISA.
And, I am confident that our discussions and the agreements that we have signed today, will help shape an action agenda and add new direction and intensity to our Strategic engagement.
Prime Minister Modi also spoke about other initiatives of the government including Aadhar, 10% Reservation for EWS, Maternity Benefit.
Our science ministries have incubators here in Gujarat.
The nation will reap these benefits in the days to come but some people have got benefits instantly.
We emphasise the indivisible nature of peace and security and reiterate that no country should enhance its security at the expense of the security of others.
For example, the housing programme in India targets ten million houses in urban areas.
And, you represent the rich diversity of the Islamic civilization that stands on the solid bedrock of a great religion.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today handed over the “Chaadar” to be offered at Dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti, Ajmer Sharif, to the Minister of State for Minority Affairs and Parliamentary Affairs, Shri Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, and Minister of State in the PMO, Dr. Jitendra Singh, in New Delhi.
However, I relentlessly pursued this matter with them.
The tag-line of this Summit is very appropriate and gives a big Message.
The MoU intends to promote closer co-operation in the areas of e-Governance, m-Governance, e-Public Services Delivery, cyber security, software technology parks, start-ups ecosystem etc.
The domestic market for apparel and lifestyle products, currently estimated at US Dollars 85 billion, is expected to reach US Dollars 160 billion by 2025.
Greater Noida also mainly depends on road linkages for intra city traffic and connection with Noida and Delhi.
Technical Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government Of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar for providing Coastal Surveillance System
The Prime Minister said that his Government’s drive against corruption and middlemen will continue unabated despite the diatribes against him.
Over the last two and a half years, we have also evolved a culture of healthy competition among states.
Out of the total outlay, fifty per cent of the amount that is Rs.1839.8837 crore, would be World Bank loan which would be repaid by Central Government.
The formation of the Company Law Tribunal is at the final stage.
Our historical people-to-people ties provide a strong basis to our partnership.
Under this scheme, there are more than a hundred customers who have received prizes of one lakh rupees each.
It comes from the love and admiration for Afghans in our hearts.
Thereafter, HDPEL would become amenable to re-structuring.
The Prime Minister appreciated the contribution of Kutchi samaj towards all round development especially their role in the reconstruction and rehabilitation after the earthquake in Kutch in 2001.
We have taken decisive steps to curb corruption.
We are linked by geography and history, united against many common challenges and bound by many shared aspirations.
As Hazrat Nizamuddin Auliya said, “Almighty holds dear those who love Him for the sake of human beings, and those who love human beings for the sake of Almighty.”
But it’s a misfortune that these tales of valour and sacrifice did not reach the new generations.
The expenses are reduced as well, and the gift is well utilized too.
One of the biggest challenges in India today is to productively employ the youth.
If you strive to hold it still, it would move beyond your grasp assuming new looks and forms.
· A national skills competition, known as ‘India Skills’ will be launched during 2016-2017, to recognize the skills of India’s youth.
These steps included creation of water storage structures.
As on date, more than 4.5 million people have given up their gas subsidy.
I am also informed that the Kochi-1 Mobile app has been developed with a long term vision.
Mr. Cook shared Apple Inc.’s future plans for India.
INSV Tarini is currently approaching their first stop in Fremantle, Australia and is expected to reach there on 22 October 2017 after covering 4770 nautical miles.
“Today on Vijay Diwas, we remember the indomitable spirit of the brave soldiers who fought in 1971.
The activities of AMF TCP relate to R&D, deployment and dissemination of Advanced Motor Fuels and looks upon the transport fuel issues in a systemic way taking into account the production, distribution and end use related aspects.
The unity, intrinsic to our country’s diversity can be witnessed in these games.
However, it is also a fact that if we look closely, we shall find that despite missing medals, Indian players gave a very good account of themselves for the first time in some of the events.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has extended the Independence Day greetings to the people of Uzbekistan.
Now Indian carriers can operate to any points in Fiji from points in India whereas the carriers of Fiji can establish direct operation to Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai in India and by code share with Indian carriers to Bangalore, Kolkata, Hyderabad apart from points given for direct operation.
Likewise, education is also an investment that benefits the society.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between SINTEF, Norway and Central Public Works Department (CPWD) for cooperation in the development of human resource capacity building and scientific research in the field of Recycling of Construction and Demolition (C&D) Waste in India.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the scientists of ISRO on the successful launch of the navigation satellite IRNSS-1I .
At present, whenever I’m touring, it is my sincere effort to meet people beneficiaries of ‘PMJAY’ scheme under Ayushman Bharat’s umbrella.
With increasing integration of financial market and growing number of internationally active insurance companies there is an increased need for mutual cooperation and information exchange between insurance industry supervisors.
I will be visiting the State of Qatar on 4th & 5th June at the invitation of His Highness the Emir of Qatar.
PM also interacted with the beneficiaries of PMJAY- Ayushman Bharat.
The Policy will be applicable to all the Major Ports.
Four wheeler manufacturers/Commercial vehicle manufacturers/ Three wheeler Manufacturers/ Two wheeler Manufacturers/Construction equipment vehicle manufacturers/ Agriculture equipment (Tractors) manufacturers/E-Rickshaw manufacturers/ Bus body Manufacturers/ CNG-LPG kit retrofitters/Automotive & Non-Automotive engine Manufacturers/DG set manufacturers/Automotive Component Manufacturers.
It has also provided three months additional time for the completion of infrastructure projects.
I am confident, Your Highness, that your visit will build on the strong gains and understanding of our previous interactions.
Even this year, we should try to organize ‘Run for Unity’ in our village, town, city or metropolis.
Kenya’s climate nurtures not just the Big Five.
Only in the event of extraordinary costs exceeding USD 500, the same will be borne by India.
He said “ease of doing business” should be accorded top priority, and would greatly help States in attracting investment.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the insurance schemes launched by the Union Government, and said 20 crore people across the country have joined the JeevanJyoti, or Suraksha Beema schemes.
We are working together not just for a better future for ourselves, but for the whole world.
· 8th Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Agriculture and Agrarian Development – 19 to 22 June (Mpumalanga)
It will be a big priority over the coming years.
We removed discretion in allocation of key resources and moved to transparent auctions of mines, spectrum and FM radio licenses and we have plugged leakage through direct benefit transfer.
PM will reach Itanagar from Guwahati tomorrow morning.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is linked to efforts towards a healthier India.
We are also taking several steps to serve the honest taxpayer better.
We would also like to offer dedicated training courses at the Indian Academy of Highway Engineers for ASEAN Highway Professionals.
Friends, When the data suits their thinking, the institutions and processes appear correct to them.
I am merely an instrument.
It enables our youngsters to think out of the box and do new things, he added.
Obviously the intentions are good.
We have set up clear performance measures and accountability mechanisms.
“Shri Priya Ranjan Dasmunsi was a popular leader with rich political and administrative experience.
The Iranian side welcomed the investment of Indian side in setting up plants in sectors such as fertilizers, petrochemicals and metallurgy in Chabahar FTZ on terms mutually beneficial to the concerned parties.
The Prime Minister said that as maritime neighbours, there is a vast scope for cooperation between India and Indonesia on development of Blue Economy as well as in the domain of maritime security.
He mentioned enhanced air and rail connectivity, better roads, big bridges etc.
Accordingly, the said Protocol was developed and adopted by the Conference of Parties (COP) which is the governing body of FCTC.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Shirdi, Maharashtra on October 19, 2018.
Prime Minister Modi will then proceed to Mandapam for the public meeting.
Similarly, I was blessed with a chance to meet our winners of the Summer youth Olympics 2018 held in Argentina.
The Prime Minister recalled that Harivansh ji had also worked with former Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar ji.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on subjects such as women entrepreneurship, and women empowerment.
The India Myanmar Friendship Bridge was also reviewed.
It was announced that a dedicated team would be established for Korean Investments in India.
They reside in the rich contacts of our history, culture, language, art, and geography.
These projects are spread over several states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
People wanted inclusive growth, not votebank politics.
Can’t my doctor brothers and sisters spare just 12 days in a year for this service to the under privileged?
And with those dreams the country will scale new heights in 2022.
I am probably not able to convey all these to you but still I get a treasure-full of ideas over e-mail, over telephone, over mygov. or over NarendraModiApp.
Questioning the practice of “interviews” for recruitments even at relatively junior levels, the Prime Minister called upon concerned departments to end this practice at the earliest, and to promote merit by recruiting only through transparent, online processes.
The Prime Minister mentioned the announcement in the recent Union Budget, on MSP.
With strong fiscal discipline, and by plugging leakages, we are trying to provide more resources for infrastructure.
So today we are going to be guided by the gentleman manwho has always been attached to the people at the bottom of the society.
The Assamese and Manipuri language versions of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s Official website , www.pmindia.gov.in were launched today.
The coins are characterized by the increasing size and weight from lower to higher denominations.
They also welcomed establishing of a joint Indo-UK Plant Science Centre in India.
He said the UDAN scheme will help the tourism sector in Himachal Pradesh.
The total amount disbursed under this scheme is Rs. 220596.05 Crore
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the revised Air Services Agreement (ASA) with Malaysia.
· Initiation of DST-JSPS Fellowship Programme for young researchers.
Even hair dressers change hair style fashions of their clients.
It provides cutting-edge cancer treatment, and supports “ahead of the curve” cancer research.
Minister of State (MoS) for Social Justice and Empowerment, Shri Vijay Sampla, today called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi and presented him drafts worth Rs. 1 Crore towards Prime Minister National Relief Fund (PMNRF).
5. Reaffirmed their continued commitment to Parliamentary democracy and to promote further cooperation between the Parliaments of both countries, and underlined the importance of regular and enhanced exchange of visits between Parliamentarians from India and Malaysia;
The Salma dam will revive and renew not just the economy and agriculture of the Herat region of Afghanistan.But will also build a strong and lasting pillar of support for Afghanistan’s overall growth and development.
20 Irish students of the John Scottus school, a local school which teaches Sanskrit, recited Sanskrit shlokas to welcome the Prime Minister.
Just a while ago, 16 year old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to scale Everest from the Nepal side.
3. The two countries also acknowledged the importance of expanding cooperation in human resource development, capacity building, healthcare, livelihood, water, sanitation and in the digital space, and of working together to extend access to education, health and other amenities, and assist the people of the Indo-Pacific, including Africa, to realize their developmental potentials.
Mr. Himanshu Gulati, Member of Parliament of Norway, will be the Special Guest while Mr. Kanwaljit Singh Bakshi, Member of Parliament of New Zealand will be the Guest of Honor at the 15th edition of PBD.
You can abuse me as much as you want.
Both the schemes VPBY – 2003 and VPBY – 2014 are closed for future subscriptions.
Prime Minister and I have agreed to enhance our cooperation in renewable energy.
Since the viability of the project was affected, concessionaire will now be compensated for the increase and imposition of new taxes, duties etc. except in respect of imposition/increase of a direct tax, both by Central & State Government. vii.
This also gives us motivation to further simplify our processes to become an easier place to do business.
New Proposed Provision / Minimum Penalties
At a function at Mysuru Railway Station, he also flagged off the Palace Queen Humsafar Express between Mysuru and Udaipur.
Climate change, and its impact on the world, is our shared concern.
“My prayers are with all those people who are affected due to adverse weather conditions caused by #CycloneVardah.
Exchange programmes in the field of Youth Affairs between India and Russia will help in promoting exchange of ideas, values and culture amongst Youth through establishment of people-to-people contacts and in consolidating friendly relations between the two countries.
Prime Minister will visit the Hospital and interact with students and faculty of the hospital.
Your gracious presence today speaks of the precious bonds of friendship and solidarity between our people.
In the lines of Walt Whitman,
I deeply appreciate your gesture of hosting me in the midst of ASEAN and East Asia Summits.
This year we are also commemorating the centenary of Champaran Satyagrah and the Sabarmati Ashram.
We have moved up nineteen positions in the World Bank’s ‘Logistics Performance Index of 2016.’
India shares close, warm and friendly relations with Africa which are cemented by robust development partnership and a large presence of the Indian Diaspora.
We must build new global resolve and new strategies for combating terrorism, without balancing it against political considerations.
For the period of 70 years, indirect tax officials were able to mobilize 70 lakhs of revenue.
He asked officers to come up with an action plan during the Rajasva Gyan Sangam, to eliminate pendency.
He spoke of the rapid growth in number of Common Service Centres in India.
City based R&D Clusters are being created to bring together all Science and Technology partners from Academia to Institutes, to Industries to Startups.
PM laid foundation stone for 624 MW Kiru Hydroelectric project and 850 Megawatt Ratle Hydro Electric project in Kishtwar, Jammu.
Subramania Bharti said that India will show the way for the entire world to break free from every form of bondage.
Asia has seen some of this at different points of its history.
This scheme will ensure that their incomes are protected in times of adverse weather.
By reforming the institution, we have transformed the relationship.
The Prime Minister thanked the participants for their views, and emphasized India’s commitment to realize the vision of 175 GigaWatts of clean energy.
Thailand’s prime minister’s state visit to India in 2016 has made a long-lasting impact on bilateral relations.
We have to take the fruits of development to the margins of our geography and to the bottom of our demography.
With the VRS/VSS package and clearance of other outstanding liabilities, the employees will come out of their present financial crisis.
But, the reverse is also true.
(a) CRZ-III A – These are densely populated rural areas with a population density of 2161 per square kilometre as per 2011 Census.
32. The Sides stressed the importance of the longstanding and mutually beneficial India-Russia cooperation in outer space and welcomed the activity on setting up measurement data collection ground stations of the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System NavIC and the Russian Navigation Satellite System GLONASS in the territory of the Russian Federation and the Republic of India respectively.
This is expected to help in the efforts being taken to improve the availability of these commodities to general public at reasonable rates, and control the tendencies of hoarding and profiteering.
More stringent actions are in store for the companies who will break the law in future.
The belief that quotas can be changed, is essential for the fairness of the system.
The Vietnamese side took note of the request by the Indian side on actively considering signing the Framework Agreement of the International Solar Alliance with a view to strengthening the cooperation in the renewable energy space.
He said that along with crop growing, farmers could opt for timber plantation along the edges of their fields; and also begin animal husbandry.
The environment of my country should be conducive to help realize the dreams of life for my youth.
2. Exchange of information and research works related to issues of mutual interest between the two sides, including information on government strategies and development programs;
He added that the responsibility of safeguarding the modern infrastructure built for New India is in the safe hands of CISF.
The Indian side noted the ongoing revision of the EU Blue Card Scheme aimed at easing the flow of highly qualified professionals to the EU.
3) Government will launch a special initiative to probe deep-seated/concealed mineral deposits in the country.
In this context, they also recognized the need to pursue reform of the main UN bodies, including the revitalization of the UN General Assembly and expansion of the UN Security Council.
The matter is currently before a Tribunal.
India has participated in restoration works to historical structures which attest our enduring civilizational bonds.
The Nordic countries and India reaffirmed the need for reform of the UNSecurity Council, including its expansion in both permanent and non-permanent seats to make it more representative, accountable, effective and responsive to the realities of the 21st century.
Auroville too has developed as a place of un-ending and life-long education.
While inaugurating University Institute of Engineering & Technology, Kathua today , PM expressed his happiness that the youths from Jammu will benefit from the 10% EWS Quota.
May I now propose a toast:
The approximate non-recurring expenditure for strengthening of institute is estimated at Rs. 150 crore and annual recurring expenditure is estimated at Rs. 45- 50 crore.
Do we not feel that water conservation must be a social responsibility?
I consider this as a positive sign.
Our Startups represent not just commercial success stories, but are powerful examples of social innovation.
Our brave soldiers have laid down their lives.
The underprivileged of the country are deeply connected to Lord Jagannath.
Our aim is to achieve a balance.
Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka – no matter which country we are from, we all call South Asia our home.
Up to the Third Round, India has offered tariff preferences on 570 tariff lines at an average Margin of Preference (MoP) of 23.9% and an additional 48 tariff lines to LDC members at an average MoP of 39.7% at the 6-digit HS level.
He highlighted the liberalisation in gas pricing and marketing which has been particularly in deep waters and requiring technology for high pressure high temperature exploitation.
In this context, he recalled the experience of officers in post-earthquake reconstruction in Gujarat, in 2001.
That underlines America’s success and inspires the world.
Other dignitaries on the dais, delegates from Tiger Range Countries, Ladies and Gentlemen!
· Counter-Terrorism Working Group – 19 to 20 April (White River, Nelspruit)
With this decision the path is clear for issuance of the Notice Inviting Application for spectrum auction by the Department of Telecommunications.
The Prime Minister will visit the SantKabir Cave.
And, today, President and I reviewed all aspects and full range of our relationship.
My meeting with him today is the eighth one in the last two years.
Bu we do miss our near and dear ones back home during festivals.
Their heroic sacrifices inspire us.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
If I spit somewhere, I do not feel that I am doing something wrong.
We both have a young population.
And nothing will take place till 2040.
In a series of Facebook posts from his account, the Prime Minister said:
We are also working to provide electric connection to every household.
The amendments in the MCA envisage constitution of the Society for Affordable Redressal of Disputes – Ports (SAROD-PORTS) as dispute resolution mechanism similar to provision available in Highway Sector.
If I reply to the question asked by you straightaway then I will say that I do not make any preparation.
The completion of this project will address the energy requirements and irrigation needs of western Afghanistan.
States/Districts covered:
Her father is a labourer and mother a fish-seller.
Elaborating on the letters A, R, and T, that make up the word “art”, the Prime Minister said that they stand for the qualities of agelessness, racelessness, regionlessness, and timelessness – all of which define art.
Students spoke to the Prime Minister about the need to encourage children.
Similarly, I will always cherish the memories of this encounter with these kids.
Thriving two-way trade and investment is an integral part of our vision for a strong partnership.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Guru Teg Bahadur, on his martyrdom day.
This youthful energy is our greatest strength.
The steady increase in military power, resources and wealth in the Asia-Pacific has raised the stakes for its security.
Two- three years ago, thousands of people would lose their lives every year due to heat-wave.
The last day of ParyushanParva is observed as Samvatsari.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval for signing an MoU between India and Afghanistan on Technical Cooperation on Police Training and Development.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the renewed Agreement for Scientific and Technological Cooperation with European Union (EU) for another period of 5 years as effective from May 17, 2015 until 2020 reaffirming their shared commitment to research and innovation as drivers of social and economic development.
He honoured the three surviving members of Hot Springs incident.
India and Japan are major consumers of energy in the world.
(ii). The cost of the land is Rs.2,35,80,160/- (Rupees two crore, thirty five lakh, eighty thousand, one hundred sixty only) approximately.
• We particularly want to engage with your world class mining companies.
2. Upgradation of 11 posts i.e. 1 post of Controller General from Level 15 to 16, 2 posts each of Chief Controller of Mines and Director (Ore-Dressing) from Level 14 to 15 and upgradation of 8 posts (5 posts of Controller of Mines, 1 each of Chief Mineral Economist, Chief Ore-Dressing Officer and Chief Mining Geologist) in the existing Level of 13A to 14; and
Society and the family need to pay attention towards this crisis.
Every Indian requires internet facility.
I hope that you will to integrate yoga and traditional Indian medicine more closely into our healthcare system and make wellness a part of life for all in India and rest of the world.
We are also developing India into a knowledge based, skill supported and technology driven society.
Exchanged on Indian side by
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Katra, in the State of Jammu and Kashmir, tomorrow.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and South Africa for cooperation in the field of Tourism.
Come let’s launch a mega campaign Sankalp se Siddhi – Attainment through Resolve, from the 9th of this August.
Self Help Groups should spread to new sectors wherever there is scope for their involvement, PM said.
Exchanged on the Russian Federation side by
It is a true pleasure to welcome Her Excellency Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina to India.
But, there is more to be done and for that, I seek the support of the private sector.
Sometime back I met him, who despite his ill health tried to get up to salute even though I said no.
Chief Secretaries spoke briefly on one best practice each, of their respective States.
Both sides noted the ongoing cooperation between educational institutions on the institutionalization of university-to-university linkages to facilitate faculty exchange, teachers’ training and double-degree programmes.
The MoU will come into effect from the date of its signature.
This could be started with 50 or 100 books.
India is now a major source of business investments in Africa.
It is also a fact that Kashmiri Pandits have been displaced from their centuries-old ancestral dwellings in Kashmir Valley.
To those working in the start-up movement or are planning to start one after College, please do remember that the biggest corporations of today were start-ups of yesterday.
· Second Meeting of the BRICS E-commerce Working Group – 10 May (East London)
This will further spread the message of cleanliness across the nation.
During the colonial period, political bonds were forged between our leaders, who displayed a great sense of hope and unity during our common struggle for independence.
I thank you all for your presence.
Usually they were built at a vast area of land, and often away from the residential areas.
It’s the confidence of the country.
You may be interested to know that:
The Prime Minister said that besides the National War Memorial, the National Police Memorial has also been established.
He said institutions of higher education should give primacy to innovation in learning.
We are seen as the engine of global growth.
When I first visited Japan as Chief Minister of Gujarat, I had said that….
Letter of Intent between IOCL and Phinergy Ltd.
“Shri Naresh Chandra was an outstanding public servant, who left an indelible mark on matters of governance and policy.
This is the possibility of the digital bridge – to connect distant lives and change fortunes and future.
We are also giving the highest importance to data privacy and security, intellectual property rights and cyber security.
Till August 2017, Indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 Peacekeeping operations undertaken by the UN the world over.
The Prime Minister gave several other illustrations of the values and humanism which define Indian culture.
It will be a great service to the nation if the country comes together in this endeavour.
On 18th April 2018, I will be in London on the invitation of Prime Minister Theresa May.
These include declining fish catches, warming ocean temperatures, and vanishing habitats.
He exhorted them to study hard and develop a keen interest in sports as well.
We have to remember that, despite all the resources at our disposal, whenever Indian society has been divided, whenever there have been internal conflicts, external enemies have taken advantage.
India’s banks are also being encouraged to operate ‘mobile ATMs’.
India and Switzerland also share a commitment to reform international institutions in line with current global realities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, said India’s immense diversity is its speciality, pride and strength.
(iv). Execution of judgments, settlements and arbitral awards.
The scheme would enable people in rural areas to construct new houses or add to their existing pucca houses to improve their dwelling units.
I am sure, the deliberations here shall help in further strengthening Arbitration in India and set a milestone in positioning India as a global hub for arbitration amongst international practitioners, corporate houses and the legal fraternity.
India and Switzerland have both been the voices of peace, understanding and humanitarian values in the world.
Mr. Renato Mazzoncini, CEO & General Manager, Italian Railways
If you take into consideration the work that has been done in the last four years, you will be surprised to see the speed at which the country is moving and the pace at which the progress is being made.
A joint exercise off the coast of Chennai between the ICG and JCG was held in January 2018.
In the entire one year before we came to power, only eight hundred cases were registered and in the ten months of our government the corresponding number is eighteen hundred.
May the kites inspire us all to fly high.
He spoke of the martial and strategic prowess, and administrative skills of Maharaja Suheldev.
The PM noted that youngsters are ambassadors of social change.
In this regard, the Prime Minister also suggested that a tourist circuit should be created connecting Somnath, Diu and Gir Lion Safari.
I am confident that with the wisdom and will of the leadership in Sri Lanka and the support of the people, Sri Lanka will achieve genuine reconciliation and development, so that all Sri Lankans, including the Sri Lankan Tamil community, can live a life of equality, justice, peace and dignity in a united Sri Lanka.
H.E. Khalid Al Falih, Minister of Energy, Industry and Mineral Resources
In this regard, Prime Minister called for securing concrete outcome on the long-pending issue of reform of the UN Security Council, and strengthening the legal framework to combat terrorism through early finalization of the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism.
He said that the memorial underlines the vision of the government to accord maximum respect to people who played a vital role in nation building.
There has been a smart pick-up in credit growth after September 2015.
This is the sixth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video bridge with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Tajikistan on their Independence Day.
“What did you write, what was your answer, what did you do, what do you think… Oh!
The cooperation is achieved through exchange of information on developments in areas of railways technology & operations, knowledge sharing, technical visits, training & seminars and workshops in areas of mutual interest.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Amendment of the Jallianwala Bagh National Memorial Act, 1951.
Thousands from all sections of society witnessed the ceremony.
It is a vouchment for corruption free taxation system.
Their husbands laid down their lives in the service of mother India.
To start with, we will provide an enabling regulatory architecture to ten public and ten private institutions, so that they emerge as world-class teaching and research institutions.
And, our vision is clear.
7. For your immediate needs, you can go to any bank, head post office or sub post office, show your identity proof like Aadhaar card, voter card, ration card, passport, PAN card or other approved proofs, and exchange your old five hundred or thousand rupee notes for new notes.
They called on the international community to end selective or partial approaches to combating terrorism and, in this regard, stressed the need to make every effort to reach an agreement on and conclude a comprehensive convention on international terrorism at the UNGA.
Future escalations in the marketing margin upto Wholesale Price Index (WPI) would be decided by the Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas itself.
• Renewable Power Obligation (RPO): In order to promote renewable energy and energy security, 8% of electricity consumption excluding hydro power, shall be from solar energy by March 2022.
The Union Government has approved a new Central Sector Scheme of “North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme.”
As democracies, we support openness, transparency and the rule of law.
The school campus is spread across 15 acres and has all modern amenities.
The Prime Minister said that the National Police Memorial is a dedication to the valour and sacrifices made by the police and paramilitary forces.
He said that a lot can be learnt from the water management practices and measures adopted by Chhatrapati Shivaji.
PM also told the LokSabha that more than 1.20 crore people have been registered under National Pension System or NPS.
Science and Technology
Then, you will see that your doubt is waning away and your ego is also getting quelled.
The transfer of land shall be subject to an undertaking by the Government of Rajasthan that the transferred land will be used exclusively for the stated purpose and CSWRI / ICAR will extend the needed technical support (without any financial involvement) for carrying out research in the area of Veterinary and Animal Science in Rajasthan.
Union Cabinet had given approval for the Phase-2 of Ahmedabad Metro Rail Project in February 2019.
India’s security is our priority.
• It will prepare the Makers of a New India – the highly skilled manpower required to build, operate and maintain the high speed railway.
In the financial year 2016-17, total FDI of US $ 60.08 billion has been received, which is an all-time high.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed Company Secretaries at the inauguration of the Golden Jubilee Year of ICSI – the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
The Sides, confirming their commitment to the SCO Charter, norms and principles of international law, will continue coordinated efforts to further realize the potential of the Organization in all directions of its activities.
Our success will give us more resources to share with our friends.
Time and again, I have seen that when the average citizen has to choose between accepting dishonesty and bearing inconvenience, they always choose to put up with inconvenience.
“Terrorism is a global menace.
There are many festivals, but this one is pre-fixed with “Maha.”
Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Labour& Employment (9 June 2016 on the margins of ILO meeting, Geneva; 27-28 September 2016, Agra) 11.
He will inaugurate a bank branch at Jangla and distribute loan sanction letters under the Mudra Scheme to select beneficiaries.
For development of bid documents, work programme, conducting the bidding process, evaluation of bids, monitoring and process protocols etc., Central Mine Planning and Design Institute Limited (CMPDIL) will be the nodal agency.
On September 24, the Prime Minister will inaugurate Pakyong Airport, which will bring the State of Sikkim on the country’s aviation map.
It is a comprehensive tool to counter and eventually eliminate illicit trade in tobacco products and to strengthen legal dimensions for international health cooperation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched the ‘Swachhata Hi Seva’ Movement, to boost nation wide public participation in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, and catalyse the fulfilment of Bapu’s dream of a Clean India.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of the new building complex of the Bombay Art Society.
This year, we have taken BRICS to our cities and provinces and linked it directly to our people from different walks of life.
Auroville show-cases this ancient Indian tradition to the world by bringing together global diversity.
He said that the Union Government has decided that for all notified crops, MSP will be at least one and a half times the cost.
In addition, the restoration and renovation work of Ranipur Jharial group of monuments in Balangir situated on the ancient trade route on this occasion.
40. Over 5.75 crore farmers have been covererd under Pradhan Mantri Fasal Beema Yojaana.
· Skill training to be scaled up to cover at least 1.5 crore people during 2016-2017.
I am confident that we can do a lot of work with consensus on certain issues.
Composting can reduce the volume of waste to landfill/dumpsite by converting the waste into useful by-products.
And, tomorrow, Prime Minister and I will be at the Wembley.
Conclusion of the Bilateral Technical Arrangement (BTA) has been linked to the Visa Free Agreement for holders of Diplomatic passports as a package deal.
Through radio I connect every month with millions of families.
Can one imagine that Lord Rama leaves Ayodhya putting on the clothes stitched there and with his determination and resolve creates a huge collective strength and it paves the way for the involvement of every cross section of the society enroute to his victory in Sri Lanka.
By 2022, what will be the roadmap for Indian PSUs to optimally utilize their CSR Fund?
He added that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the streams of Jan Bhagidari (public participation) and Jan Andolan (mass movement).
He was attached to the world of journalism.
The Prime Minister emphasized the need to imbibe technology in all aspects of education, and to take full advantage of the benefits it offers.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the monetization of 3.70 acres of land at PragatiMaidan by India Trade Promotion Organisation (ITJPO) on long-term leasehold basis for 99 years for construction and running of a Hotel by a third party including private sector through a transparent competitive bidding process.
The Prime Minister said that the Gramoday to Bharat Uday Abhiyan from 14th to 24th April, 2016 would focus attention on the development work to be done in villages.
This means that a man full of enthusiasm is very strong since there is nothing more powerful than zest.
This is the result of India’s fundamental strengths: democracy, demographic dividend and demand.
I can very well understand the problems you are going through!
There are several schemes for empowerment of poor.
The Prime Minister said that Tapi district is one of the newer districts of Gujarat, and he is happy to see it achieve remarkable progress.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated all poets on World Poetry Day.
It also serves as a bridge to a shared future.
12. We have agreed to establish India-UK Clean Energy R&D Centre on solar energy with joint investment of 10 million pounds.
In the same way, even if one member of the family does wrong, the reputation of the entire family is at stake’
He said OROP has resulted in an increase in pension of upto 40 percent, and an increase in salaries of soldiers of upto 55 percent, compared to 2014.
Yunmo Sung, Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy,
The steps required in the direction of implementation of GST are being taken ahead of the schedule so far.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri Sher Bahadur Deuba on being elected the Prime Minister of Nepal.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will be visiting Wuhan, China on 27th April-28th April 2018.
Three years ago, in Mauritius, I described our vision in one word – Sagar, which means ocean in Hindi.
Background:-
6) Public expenditure on regional and detailed exploration will be prioritized and subject to periodical review based on assessment of criticality and strategic interests.
Everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water?
Sivagiri is the holy abode of one of the great saints and social reformers of India, Sree Narayan Guru.
Over forty-five million people are employed directly in the sector, and over sixty million people are employed in allied activities.
The Union Cabinet also decided that the historic town of Sultanpur Lodhi, associated with the life of Shri Guru Nanak Devji, shall be developed as a heritage town and on the Smart City principles, including energy efficiency, to highlight Shri Guru Nanak Devji’s emphasis on sustainability and reverence for nature.
These opportunities range from building 50 million houses to setting up 100 smart cities; modernization of our railway network and stations to setting up of new railway corridors; generation of 175 GW of renewable energy to construction of transmission and distribution networks, National Highways, bridges, and Metro rails.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has congratulated Mr. Ranil Wickremesinghe on being sworn-in as Sri Lanka’s Prime Minister.
While aiming for fast economic growth, India is also rooted in the principles of ensuring sustainable economic growth.
Sometimes in scorching afternoons; at times after dinner, children used to play with exuberant abandon for hours together, leaving all worries behind.
But there was something which surprised me and made me equally happy.
a) To expand bilateral cooperation in the tourism sector
PM will inaugurate the Hindon Airport Civil Terminal at Hindon Airport Civil Terminal, Ghaziabad.
After the Nepal earthquake I talked to Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
If I want your help, the help of youth of my country, then I want your help for setting this country free from this corruption which is like a termite.
Even after the redemption of loans taken under the special currency swap in 2013, foreign exchange reserves are high.
Earlier, President Mirziyoyev, leading a large and high powered delegation arrived in Gandhinagar on 17 January received by Shri O. P. Kohli, Governor of Gujarat.
However, the works could not progress much due to non-availability of funds on the part of Govt. of Punjab for power component and later interstate issues with J&K.
However, numerous others have been identified over the years, whose potential can be utilised to improve and increase the access to quality driven services in the rural and hard to reach areas.
Incidence of TB per lakh population has been reduced to 204 in 2017 from 211 in 2016.
A 22-year old cab driver brother Sabir from Delhi adopted the digital mode in his transactions after demonetisation and went on to win a prize of one lakh rupees under the ‘Lucky Grahak Yojana’ of the Government.
We celebrate Air Force Day on the 8th of October.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today granted ex-post facto approval for establishment of NIT, Andhra Pradesh which has been registered as a Society under the Andhra Pradesh Societies Registration Act, 2001 with effect from 20th August 2015.
The Government is making procurement through this portal.
A strong foundation comes from discipline.
He said that this is a technology driven century, innovation is essential, and so the Railways has to be about both ‘Gati’ (speed) and ‘Pragati’ (progress).
The Prime Minister said that in the eighties and nineties, the world did not fully understand terrorism and the dangers it posed.
The legislation will extend to the whole of India except the State of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Prime Minister explained how better targeting of government benefits has been achieved by weeding out about 6 crore fake beneficiaries.
He has another Master’s degree in Public Administration from Harvard University.
Exim Bank finances, facilitates and promotes India’s international trade.
Speaking about the progress towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condemned the attacks in London and has said that the attacks are shocking and anguishing.
The way shown to us by Atal Bihari Vajpayee in the matters of Jammu and Kashmir is the best way.
48. The leaders reaffirmed the crucial role of the rules-based multilateral trading system, and the importance of enhancing free, fair, and open trade for achieving sustainable growth and development.
A well-deserved Gold for them in the Men’s Doubles event.
Wishing the people of Maharashtra on the special occasion of Gudi Padwa.
We should trust the person who has given the exams and submitted the marks.
Recently, in the Asian games, our players have shown that no matter how poor you are, no matter what kind of a family you come from, with confidence and hard work, you can make your country proud of you.
The importance of hydropower is increasing even more as the country has targeted to add 160 GW of intermittent Solar and Wind power by 2022 and 40% of the total capacity from non-fossil fuel sources by 2030 to honour its Nationally Determined Contribution for Climate Change.
Pakistan is roaming around with its begging bowl but it’s not getting help from the world.”
For example, when I called upon the countrymen to give up gas subsidy, the nation responded as a whole.
Therefore, the government will soon announce corrective measures to resolve the problems related to NPA and Stressed Account in the MSME sector.
We believe that as the world becomes more complex, the role of multilateral institutions will increase.
13. The two leaders in addition to pursuing the excellent cooperation between the intervention forces (NSG-GIGN) and the investigation agencies of the two countries, agreed to enhance operational cooperation between the Indian and French counter-terrorism agencies and launch a new cooperation effort to prevent and fight radicalization, in particular online.
Once complete, this will be a major repair and maintenance facility for rail coaches in the northern region.
During 2015-16, more than three crore forty eight lakh entrepreneurs have been sanctioned loans worth more than one lakh thirty seven thousand crore rupees.
Now suppose that this failure had caused him to become dejected, to concede defeat in his life, then would India have found such a great scientist and such a glorious President?
May this medium always remain a focal point of learning, discovering, entertaining and growing together.
Joint Research Promotion and exchange of students and faculties between the two institutions.
This is observed as Panchayati Raj Day in India.
From Itanagar, PM will return to Guwahati .
Today, there are an estimated 60 million people in need of protection worldwide.
I remember the day when Netaji’s family paid a visit to the Prime Minister’s residence.
During his meeting with UK Prime Minister David Cameron, the Prime Minister invited Britain to be a partner in the ‘Make in India’ programme.
It seemed that Rajaji’s movement was being carried out through the elite class.
They further discussed stepping up effective cooperation to combat terrorism in all its forms and promoting regional stability and security.
He says most of the facilities related to tourism are catered to but special emphasis should be laid on cleanliness at all places which are tourist destinations or famed tourist places, religious destinations or stay over’s.
This is an age of inter-dependence when nations must come together, to realize the promise of this century.
We express our determination to take concrete measures to step up cooperation and coordination among our law enforcement, intelligence and security organisations.
University of Ladakh will be launched by the Prime Minister.
These women of Jharkhand have shown that women power is an integral component of ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’, which will change the course of the campaign of cleanliness in general life, the effective role of hygiene in the nature of the people ingeneral.
I find it a very positive sign that our common people have such attachment and awareness about Rio Olympics and they are insisting that the Prime Minister of the country says something on this matter.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to every valiant soldier who fought for India on Kargil Vijay Diwas.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval forsigning of an Agreement between India and Maldives for the avoidance of double taxation of income from international air transport.
As a society, as a nation, the 2 minute tribute of silence on 30th January at 11 am, should become our instinctive nature.
We hope that they will soon be able to meet with their families in Myanmar.
These Institutes are envisaged to carry out research in frontier areas of science and to provide quality science education at the Under-Graduate and Post-Graduate level.
In this context he mentioned, that the number of foreign tourists coming to India, rose from 70 lakh in 2013, to 1 crore in 2017.
Salient Features of the Plan
The Department of Biotechnology would also work with Research Councils to establish a strategic group which would explore the mechanisms to develop the evidence base which would address anti-microbial resistance at the genomic level of the host-pathogen interactions to accelerate the development of new drugs and diagnostics.
This is also a year when humanity has come together in the United Nations to combat poverty and climate change.
This will enable upgradation of facilities for implementation of OBC reservation in NIFT and operating the campuses more effectively and efficiently.
My dear countrymen, I want to specially express my indebtedness to you.
Prime Minister Costa represents the best of the Indian Diaspora across the world.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said India’s spiritual consciousness is the reason for its long-standing civilizational ethos.
Across the world, from the Indo-Pacific to Africa to Latin America, we see inspiring stories of extraordinary innovation changing ordinary lives .
We will go by such speed to achieve all these goals.
i). The Ministerial level Joint Commission ii).
In India, we are also focused on making our growth inclusive.
He said 20 lakh hectares of farmland has so far been brought under micro irrigation, through the Pradhan MantriKrishiSinchaiYojana.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of former Member of Parliament and Speaker of the Lok Sabha Shri Somnath Chatterjee.
The presence of people from humble background in the highest posts of the country for the first time itself demonstrates the dignity of the constitution of India and the maturity of India’s democracy and this pride is the pride of the 1.25 Crore people of India.
The stake-holders will include researchers from scientific organizations, academia, R&D laboratories and companies from India and Denmark.
There might be debates, discussions and conversations but I would like to request the House to work even beyond the stipulated time and all the important subjects of discussion must reach to a conclusion.
The role of external assistance has gained further significance in view of the large gap in funding requirements for major infrastructure projects implemented by the State Governments in order to acquire competitive strength under the globalized economic framework.
He will also lay the Foundation Stone of the Srinagar Ring Road.
According to WHO estimates, about 5 lakh deaths in India alone due to unclean cooking fuels.
Foreign Policy and Security Cooperation – Partners for Security.
In recent years, we have also taken various initiatives like Make In India, Startup India, and Atal Innovation Mission, to encourage innovation and entrepreneurship in the Indian commercial eco-system.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi received today the crew of Strategic Strike Nuclear Submarine (SSBN) INS Arihant.
You and I have been fortunate to have done so on important occasions in the past months.
He said that the entire credit for nation’s food security should go to the farmers.
Last tender of training institute was invited in July 2018 and is expected to be finalized by December 2018.
He recalled that undivided India’s first interim government had been established at Moirang in Manipur.
“We are not an assembled entity, but an organic entity,” he asserted.
We also welcome the good progress made in the implementation of the BRICS Action Agenda on Economic and Trade Cooperation.
Smart Cities and Urban Renewal
23. The leaders noted with satisfaction the involvement of French companies in several new and ongoing manufacturing partnership projects in India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, was today presented with a unique artwork made of pearls.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated the Mundra LNG terminal, the Anjar-Mundra Pipeline Project and the Palanpur-Pali-Barmer pipeline project, at Anjar.
We still need conventional energy.
It reiterates India’s commitment to the Doha Development Agenda and the TRIPS agreement.
Prime Minister reaffirmed the high importance that India attaches to its relations with Sri Lanka.
The joint research projects involving academia and industry from both countries will aim towards creation of new scientific knowledge base and the application of research results for technology development and application.
While NRHM was launched in April 2005, launch of NUHM was approved by the Cabinet on 1stMay 2013.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Tanzania for bilateral cooperation in water resources management and development.
“On Good Friday we recall the courage and compassion of Lord Christ.
I hope this conference provides all of you such an opportunity.
Indeed, humanity has progressed when it has collectively risen to its obligation to the world and responsibility to the future.
The Prime Minister said that today, development too, must become a mass movement.
Prime Minister Turnbull expressed shock at the killing and conveyed that the matter is being investigated.
a. Underlined the importance of regular and sustained economic cooperation dialogue through the India-France Joint Committee,
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and top officials of the State Government, disaster response agencies and PMO.
From 142 in 2014 to 77 now, butwe are still not satisfied.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding between India and Saudi Arabia on cooperation and mutual assistance in Customs Matters.
It is clear in front of everyone
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to create a Project Development Fund (PDF) with a corpus of Rs 500 Crore for catalysing Indian economic presence in the Cambodia, Laos Myanmar and Vietnam.
It connects people on the strength of human values, not identities.
We have liberalized the higher education sector.
Decline in the Under 5 Mortality Rate (U5MR) to 39 in 2016 from 55 in 2011.
We also recognise that a globalised world has deepened inter-dependence and changed our perception of geography.
GSAT-11 will be ready for launch by the end of 2016.
This provides millions of educated minds, skilled hands and aspirational dreams for powering the future.
It means that this government’s performance in this sector is nearly two times better.
The Collection of Statistics Act, 2008 and the Jammu & Kashmir Collection of Statistics Act, 2010 are not applicable to statistical subjects falling in the Union List, as applicable to the Jammu & Kashmir under the Constitution (Application to Jammu & Kashmir) Order 1954.
I will fulfill your aspirations.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Guyana.
He also urged Shri Kumawat not to take a pledge which would cause physical discomfort.
Subsequently, MoP&NG has come up with a detailed action plan wherein Biofuels, Advanced/ alternate fuels and fuel efficiency play a major role.
Where 125 crore Indians write their own destiny instead of being left to their own fate.
This is also known as Sharadiya Navratri, the beginning of autumn.
The Prime Minister said this request would be examined.
Addressing the media after the meeting, Prime Minister Modi appreciated Chancellor Merkel’s vision for Europe and for the world.
The Prime Minister suggested that planning for the 50th Governors’ Conference next year should begin immediately.
They committed themselves to strengthening environmental partnership in areas such as pollution control, sustainable biodiversity management, chemical and waste management, climate change and waste water management, utilizing the cooperation framework between their relevant authorities.
21. The two Prime Ministers underlined the importance of their growing collaboration for achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Purchase of building material, use of services of skilled and unskilled labour, transport services and the consequent flow of financial resources create a positive cycle of economic activities and increases demand in villages.
However, it has been felt that Clause 6 of the Assam Accord has not been fully implemented even almost 35 years after the Accord was signed.
In India, we have been laying emphasis on mobility.
We can use fintech to ensure that no dream remains unfulfilled, and no enterprise remains still born, because of lack of access to finance.
PM addressed a public gathering after launching the projects.
I also propose that we cooperate in sustainable development of Ocean or Blue Economy.
Even today we hear about such issues.
Shooting or Wrestling, Table Tennis or Badminton, it was a record performance for India.
In its Xll session held in La Coruna, Spain in May 2014, International Association of Marine Aids to Navigation and Lighthouse Authorities (IALA) General Assembly adopted a resolution stating its firm belief that the status of IALA from NGO to IGO will best facilitate lALA’s aims in the 21st century.
This question may be there in the world community.
You may well imagine the missionary spirit of this retired teacher living on pension and donating an amount of fifty thousand rupees for the sake of provision of gas connection to the other poor mothers and sisters, in order to save them from the ill effects of Chulha smoke.
2. Implementation of a Single Traffic Control Center to manage mixed traffic at the regional level, divisional railway and/ or at the upper network level uniting all the IR’s zonal railways;
We are working towards full coverage of toilets for householdsand their proper use.
(v) CCI and Competition Bureau, Canada;
My Government is doing everything possible to give an impetus to this Buddhist heritage across India, and India is taking the lead in boosting the Buddhist heritage across Asia.
The flow of trade, people and ideas through our region has often intersected in Amritsar on one of Asia’s oldest and longest surface arteries, the Grand Trunk Road.
Given the critical role that India played in securing international consensus on Paris Agreement, today’s decision will further underline India’s responsive leadership in the community of nations committed to global cause of environmental protection and climate justice.
We are bringing in last mile connectivity to nearly 100,000 villages across the country.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of the Ujjwal Discom Assurance Yojana (UDAY).
The main objectives of the Memorandum of Understanding are:
We will set up a digital locker for every citizen to store personal documents that can be shared across departments.
The Prime Minister mentioned the auctions of coal blocks, spectrum and FM radio licenses, and said that information should be given out proactively to people.
He said that though efforts to increase tax revenue are made by officers each year, the estimated amounts of tax that should accrue to the system, are often not realised.
During his earlier visit on 20 November 2016, he launched PM Awas Yojana (Gramin).
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to ratify the Paris Agreement (on Climate Change) on 2nd October 2016, the day of Gandhi Jayanti.
The Prime Minister was informed that 3 crore households have so far been linked to Self Help Groups (SHGs).
Let us ensure this journey of 2019 remains successful.
Even poverty could not come in the way of his resolve.
Several protocols for smart patrolling and tiger monitoring have been evolved.
It is expected that 15,000 women will take part in Swachh Shakti event this year.
Memorandum of Understanding between JSV “Belzarubezhstroy” and National Buildings Construction Corporation Ltd.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Krishi Kumbh in Lucknow, via video conference.
The protocol lays down the modalities and mechanism of cooperation between the two parties for ocean studies as well as scientific exploration and exploitation of sea based resources, for sustainable development and economic purposes.
The time required to cover distances has come down drastically.
In the past 4 years, old laws have been abolished and hundreds of rules are made easier.
Project for Renovation and Modernization of Umiam-Umtru Stage-III Hydroelectric Power Station.
He was there for nearly two hours.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government had ensured that KMP Expressway project was finished on priority.
Besides, the States shall also be represented in the Governing Board on rotational basis.
Some of the salient features of the Programme include:
Both Prime Ministers reaffirmed their commitment to finalization of an EU-India BTIA as soon as possible.
PASSEX are regularly conducted during the visit of Indian Naval ships and JMSDF ships to each other’s ports in India and Japan.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Mumbai Urban Transport Project Phase-III.
Shri P.N. Panicker was also the driving spirit behind the library network in Kerala.
He said that in the last year, the CBI had registered 1800 cases against corruption, as against 800 in the year before that.
MOUs/Agreements between India and Iceland
To ensure a rule-based world order we have to work together with multilateral institutions like UN, WTO, UNFCC, World Bank, so as to maintain their relevance and they also reflect the realities of current time.
He will hold bilateral meetings with senior foreign leaders.
The Revised Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement between the two countries, signed in May 2012, and the MoU on Customs Cooperation, signed in 2013 further facilitate our trade and investment cooperation.
The Force, which had made a beginning with a sanctioned strength of 3192 in 1969, has grown to a strength of 1,49,088 as on 30.06.2017.
Our society has such characteristic that whenever any evil emerges, somebody from the society itself, start reformatory works.
6. ICAI will provide certification courses for HCT students;
This increase is in accordance with the accepted formula, which is based on the recommendations of the 7th Central Pay Commission.
And we have already made a good start.
Indians remember the support of Afghans for our freedom struggle; the contribution of Khan Abdul Gaffar Khan, revered as Frontier Gandhi; and, the important footnote of that history, when, exactly hundred years ago, the first Indian Government-in-Exile was formed in Kabul by Maharaja Mahendra Pratap and Maulana Barkatullah.
Namaskaar.Ayubuvan.
Lupita Nyongo of Kenyan origin is the first African to have won an Oscar award.
He said investment by British companies in India would be a win-win partnership for both countries.
• Promotion of Hydro projects through long term PPAs and exemption from competitive bidding till August 2022.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for Revised Cost Estimate (RCE) of Rs. 7290.62 crore for the ongoing 1020 MW Punatsangchhu-II Hydroelectric Project (HEP) in Bhutan.
The second photograph was taken on February 19, 1961 in Chennai, and shows Her Majesty at a reception in her honour by the then State of Madras where she was presented a cake to mark the first birthday of HRH Prince Andrew, the Duke of York.
8. Exchange of experience in the field of animal husbandry, including animal health, poultry, genomics, setting up of quarantine facilities;
Woman power in this state has always been a source of inspiration for the country.
We are particularly keen to develop India into a knowledge-based, skill-supported and technology-driven society.
Every morning, there is a uniquely pleasant scene of cleanliness here when all devotees join in the drive.
They also inaugurated through video link, the Centre of Excellence for date palms at Kukama in Kutch district.
The Amendment Bill will need to be discussed with the current Governing Board of Nalanda University before a final decision could be taken on going ahead with the proposed amendments.
Today youth from the North-East are establishing BPOs in the region.
City Waste composting would also generate employment in urban areas.
One should decide one’s own path and also decide a way for connecting along those attached to one and the Caravan should get going.
Trade and investment ties are on the upswing.
This year alone, we have had three exercises together.
This is a futuristic step taken by the Government where the market development for treated waste water and structural reforms are complementing the projects.
Healthcare for All – Ayushman Bharat – no Indian must be deprived of good and affordable healthcare.
This kind of coolness and patience exists in very few orders and traditions.
We are now among the top hundred countries in the Doing Business rankings.
· It has emboldened us to integrate with the world on equal terms.
Under the scheme, 25 lakh candidates will be trained in the FY 2016-17; 275 lakh in the FY 2017-18; and 300 lakh in the FY 2018-19.
He said our land has been blessed with great individuals who have transformed our society.
In short, reform is not an end in itself.
We remember with immense pride the rich and everlasting contribution of Sir CV Raman to science.
ISRO and JAXA will bear the costs of their respective activities under this Memorandum, unless they decide otherwise in writing.
The MoC will enable technical cooperation in the following areas:-
At the Ludhiana National MSME Awards ceremony on 18h October 2016, the Prime Minister recalled how Guru Gobind Singh’s message that people should consider entire mankind as one- no one is superior or inferior, no one is touchable or untouchable is still relevant.
To give you some examples:-
This is a testimony that our development is green and our wildlife is robust.
Singapore entities have become major partners with India in areas like urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
From Dahej, the Prime Minister will travel to Vadodara.
My Friend Prime Minister Wickeremesinghe had talked to me during my visit to Sri Lanka in 2015 about establishing such a system in Sri Lanka.
The urban component has already been approved on 25th June, 2015 and is under implementation.
You know that India is one sixth of the global community.
This is revered as a festival of Shakti Sadhana.
And for that you also have to take tough steps.
In Balangir, he dedicated Multi-Modal Logistics Park (MMLP) Jharsuguda to the Nation.
Executive Director, United Nations Environment Program
The cooperation will also lead to improving the skills and deployment of non-power technologies in the areas of water, health care & medicine, environment, etc., for the benefit of the society.
The world must come together to combat the biggest challenge of our times,” the Prime Minister said.
He has written that he wants to know about the birth centenary of Dindayal ji.
The NITI Aayog also outlined the steps taken already for the release of funds under the Bundelkhand package.
In September, 2016 it was noticed that the retail prices had shown a sudden spurt.
I believe in people’s power.
The Cabinet also approved an increase in the authorized capital of Exim Bank from Rs. 10,000 crore to Rs. 20,000 crore.
Today, our election commission does not work only as a regulator but has become a facilitator, has become voter-friendly and the voter is at the centre of all its policies and its ideologies.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on India-Italy Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Italy.
To harness this potential, a portal was launched by India Sports.
He said significant investment has been made in Varanasi over the last four years.
India too is home to robust and dynamic Start-Ups industry.
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us.
They agreed to work together to create institutional linkages and to establish a framework of cooperation in the following areas:
The platform for the Grand Challenge is the Startup India Portal.
In my book I have shared my experiences of dealing with climate change as the Chief Minister.
She is a leader we all remember.
I request you, will you please stand-up?
After the country’s political integration in 1947, today the country is getting economically integrated.
This is everyone’s concern and responsibility too.
With the completion of procedures, including administrative arrangements, the India Australia Civil Nuclear Agreement will enter into force.
Shri Narendra Modi said this is a turning point for the agriculture community.
This budget provides for allocation of about Rs 1 lakh crore for the welfare of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes.
This was proposed to be met by Rs. 15,343 crore from General Budgetary support and remaining Rs. 15,000 through Extra Budgetary Resources (EBR).
What kind of services are being rendered by these computers and how these services could be used for village and how you can be benefitted from these amenities?
• 2-lane construction of Maheshkhunt-Saharsa-Purnea section of NH 107
My government is strongly committed to continue the reform of the Indian economy.
Doing business has become so much easier.
· Our machines are able to make the best;
The book has been compiled by Dr. Sandeep Joshi, a research scholar from Rajasthan.
Look at our role in UN Peacekeeping Forces
He also addressed the Viet Nam – India Business Forum and held discussions with several prominent leaders of Indian industry and business.
At the same time, our Central Banks have taken steps to make the Contingent Reserve Arrangement fully operational.
The recent MoU with Portugal is a step in that direction.
I hope that health professionals, policymakers, government organizations and Industry will bridge the distance between the various forms of medical systems.
They also displayed as to how convenient these new technique toilets are and there is absolutely no inconvenience or hesitation in emptying or cleaning these toilets and even the psychological barrier does not come in the way at all.
The Prime Minister spoke of “Panch Tatva” – five elements to boost connectivity in the North-East: Railways, Highways, Airways, Waterways, and i-ways.
(g) Any project(s) implemented by State Government (either solely or jointly) will be done with the concurrence of the concerned State Government.
• The Leaders recognized that access to reliable, clean and affordable energy is critical for economic growth of both the countries, and in this regard they welcomed the signing of the MoU on New and Renewable Energy in November 2015, and encouraged implementation of the MoU by establishment of the Joint Working Group on New and Renewable Energy, and early convening of the first meeting of the Joint Working Group to pursue concrete bilateral Plan of Action.
Look forward to meeting His Highness Sheikh Tamim whose landmark visit to India last year had ushered in a new momentum in our relations.
I am told Masala bonds will also be available for trading here.
Purpose of the MoU is to promote cooperation between India and Jordan in the field of Defence by defining the scope of such cooperation and making provisions for implementation of the cooperation in some of the recognized areas like training; defence industry; counter-terrorism; military studies; cyber security; military medical services, peace-keeping etc.
It is poised to play a critical role in Asia.
viii) Any other areas jointly decided upon.
I have returned from a visit to Kashi, day before yesterday.
Gurudev Tagore was a personality full of knowledge and intellect whose writings left an indelible mark on everyone.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi dedicated the National Salt Satyagraha Memorial at Dandi in Navsari district, Gujarat to the nation today on Mahatma Gandhi’s death anniversary.
Integrated Command and Control Centre for Agra Smart City will be created at a project cost of Rs. 285 crore.
Who built them?
Through technological interventions, the welfare of farmers is being ensured, the Prime Minister said, adding that measures like Soil Health Cards and Fasal Bima Yojana are benefiting the farmers immensely.
The total financial implication for implementation of various components is around Rs. 1005.99 crores.
Hence, it has as much social accountability as the elected government or the judiciary.
Pranaam Amma
Based on mutual agreement, both parties would work for implementation & deployment of pilot project in ISA member countries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya, on his birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today welcomed Village Pradhans from the Varanasi Parliamentary Constituency at his residence in New Delhi.
However, the moment, the same data is unsuitable for them, they immediately start questioning the institutions and its processes.
In fact, all you young people can come together to launch a movement of Fit India.
f. Collaboration on research and studies on aviation safety interest topics and issues of mutual interest.
Historically, in most countries, the Telecom sector was a highly regulated sector where the Government used to decide the procedure for allocation of spectrum.
The increase in workload is manifested in the quantum jump in the number of licensed premises and other activities.
The Prime Minister spoke at length about how Governors could leverage their experience in different walks of life, so that people derive maximum benefit of various central development schemes and initiatives.
This memorial for Abdul Kalam ji in Rameshwaram is an example of the fact that whenever a labourer’s heart fills with the spirit of patriotism, great accomplishments are achieved.
Our economic partnership covers every area of priority for our two nations.
We have committed to the world and are moving aggressively for adoption of better environmental technologies.
Out of pocket (OOP) expenditure in India is over 60% which leads to nearly 6 million families getting into poverty due to catastrophic health expenditures.
Background:
A fast-paced existence brings with it lot of stress.
Secondly, I will outline some of the administrative and policy reforms that have created and will sustain that growth.
And, Malay Indians make Vibrant Gujarat Summit more vibrant.
We should involve foreign and NRI PhD students in post-doctoral research in our projects.
Today with the “UDAY” Yojana, we have worked together to resolve the issues with these power companies.
The company will provide financial and infrastructural support to the university, and appoint Chancellor and Pro-Chancellor of the university.
He recalled the sacrifices of over 33,000 police personnel, who have laid down their lives since independence, in line of duty.
If we, 1.5 billion Indians buy a handloom product or Khadi for even Rs. 5, 10 or Rs. 50 then ultimately that money will reach the poor weaver.
He said Gharib Nawaz’s service of humanity would remain an inspiration for future generations.
Overall, approximately one year would be required to implement the decision.
And that is why I say ‘let us aim to innovate’.
1. To expand bilateral cooperation in tourism sector 2.
So far, the Government has disbursed Rs.35.89 crore as compensation to civilian victims since inception of this Scheme in 2008.
Peacekeeping missions should be deployed prudently, with full recognition of their limitations and in support of political solutions.
Thank you once again for your hospitality.
We see this as a strategic partnership that is vital for securing a peaceful and stable Asia, Pacific and Indian Ocean Regions.
This decision alone will provide an extra amount of Rs. 60 thousand crore for the farmers.
The Prime Minister visited Koradi Thermal Power Station, where he unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration.
Hyundai, Samsung, LG electronics have become trustworthy brands in India.
The Prime Minister welcomed Japanese participation at the International Fleet Review in Vishakhapatnam in February 2016, and in the Malabar Exercise off the Japanese coast in June 2016.
Our development partnerships projects are providing water, electricity, roads, healthcare, tele-medicine, and basic infrastructure to people in dozens of countries across the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and exchanged new year greetings with PMO officials and SPG personnel, at Lok Kalyan Marg.
India has been battling poverty but they gave a token slogan- Garibi Hatao.
Highly educated English speaking youth in the region make for a perfect case for developing Manipur as a model tourist destination.
The Prime Minister said that organizations such as IMF and Moody’s, today appear confident and optimistic about India’s future.
And, we aim to bring countries together on the basis of respect for international law.
Accordingly, “Korea Plus” was formed in June 2016.
We regard experience sharing and exchange as key to increasing mutual understanding and enhancing BRICS anti-corruption cooperation and will continue our efforts in this aspect as we have done in previous years.
i. Both countries shall be entitled to designate one or more airline.
I would also call on H.E. Dr. Frank-Walter Steinmeier, President of the Federal Republic of Germany.
5. What do you think of the Modi Government’s move of banning old Rs 500 & Rs 1000 notes? a.
• Forge a partnership between the Central, state and the local governments.
He noted with satisfaction the marked increase in high-level exchanges this year and warmly recalled his own visit to St. Petersburg in June for the Annual Bilateral Summit.
Receipts from Department of Telecommunications, primarily License Fee, Spectrum Usage Charges and Spectrum Auction Value constitute one of the largest source of non-tax revenue for the Government of India.
You cannot shackle technology.
This deed is commendable indeed; it also displays their commitment towards cleanliness and the environment.
As part of this network, different universities could specialize in multi-disciplinary research on disaster issues most relevant to them.
“Blessed with natural beauty & home to wonderful people, Chhattisgarh’s progress has been noteworthy.
OkaKura is the symbol of Asianism.
Several Israeli companies have joined hands with Indian companies for Making in India.
Twelve second generation bio-refineries are being set up in eleven states.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation: –
This is a gift from my side from the ramparts of the Red Fort, to the daughters who are in uniformed services and have dedicated their lives to the nation.
We produce doctors and engineers who serve the world.
He also spoke of the financial inclusion initiatives of the Union Government.
India has also found that technology and digital resources are powerful tools in fighting poverty and corruption.
It will examine the work methods and work environment as also the variety of allowance and benefits in kind that are available to Judicial Officers in addition to pay and to suggest rationalization and simplification thereof.
Enjoy And may God Bless You.
I want to request the Prime Minister to make the young generation aware about voter’s registration, which will increase the participation of the young generation in the times to come and in the future the young generation will provide its important contribution in selecting as well as running a government.
Do you not feel, that for the good of the country, this movement for honesty, needs to be further strengthened?
Mahatma Gandhi launched the ChamparanSatyagrah over a century ago, on 10th April, 1917 against the Britishers to fight for the rights of farmers who were forced to undertake indigo cultivation.
*Secure its territory and citizens from external threats,
• to the welfare of the vast majority of citizens.
We have an ambitious expansion plan for nuclear energy.
He believed that the person seeing his painting should comprehend the painting in totality, from his own perspective, understand the message imparted by him in the particularpainting.
Amendments have been made to our laws to enable rough diamonds to enter and exit, duty free for the purpose of viewing.
India and Sweden will jointly organize the India-Nordic Summit in Stockholm on 17th April with the Prime Ministers of Finland, Norway, Denmark and Iceland.
At the same time bright yellow flowers of mustard swaying in their fields kindle hope in the hearts of the farmers.
Shri O P Mehra spent years in service of the nation, first in the Air Force and then through sports administration and as Governor of states.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO for the successful launch of PSLV.
In doing so, it has laid the foundation of the Indo-Pacific Region.
NIT, Andhra Pradesh will ensure that the students of State of Andhra Pradesh will get adequate opportunities to pursue research at undergraduate, postgraduate and doctoral levels, in an inter-disciplinary knowledge regime and research environment.
And, in calamity and conflicts, they do more than just bring relief and hope to our people.
He interacted with several groups of students participating in the Hackathon, at various institutes across the country.
Both countries enjoy deep and broad-based ties.
The drought relief measures initiated in the State include provision of drinking water and foodgrains in each village.
2. Statistical indicators of NIF will be the backbone of monitoring of SDGs at the national and state level and will scientifically measure the outcomes of the policies to achieve the targets under different SDGs.
We should embrace this revolution early, and leverage our strengths to lead the mobility innovation ecosystem both for ourselves and for others.
So, was there a provision for giving our information?
2. SDGs with 17 Goals and 169 Targets intend for promotion of sustainable, inclusive and equitable economic growth, creating greater opportunities for all, reducing inequalities, raising basic standards of living, fostering equitable social development and inclusion, promoting integrated and sustainable management of natural resources and ecosystems.
It is the youth, who are not only making use of available opportunities but also creating new ones themselves.
A national highway has been constructed in 2017 through our village Bhinnar.
It happens very rarely that so many different programmes go on at the same time in so many villages of India.
We will take into account your special circumstances and we will ensure even greater speed and transparency in their utilisation.
6. Promotion of Indian Brands in Leather, Footwear and Accessories Sector sub-scheme: Under this sub-scheme, the eligible units approved for Brand Promotion are proposed to be assisted.
It is an opportunity like none other, not only to discuss India’s defense requirements, but also to show-case, for the first time ever, in such a manner, India’s own defence manufacturing capabilities to the world.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Khanij Kshetra Kalyan Yojana (PMKKKY).
Prime Minister and I are fully aware that smooth flow of goods, services, capital and human resources between our economies needs a strong network of air, land and sea links.
Despite this, we have de-controlled petrol and diesel prices.
On the eve of the birth anniversary of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the Dr. Ambedkar National Memorial at 26, Alipur Road in Delhi on April 13th.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today flagged off the Run For Unity from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium in the capital.
“India is proud of Mirabai Chanu, who has won a gold at the World Weightlifting Championship.
Gujarat is currently in the midst of the Kite Festival.
The overall fund flow to the corporate sector through equity and borrowings of various kinds, domestic and foreign, has increased in the first three quarters of 2015-16 by over 30 per cent.
In a way, the government has provided a fresh opportunity to the people in the field of chartered accountancy.
Only then can we create the India of the dreams of our freedom fighters.
He dedicated, inaugurated or laid the foundation stone of projects worth over Rs. 2400 crore.
Progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
• National Means-Cum-Merit Scholarship Scheme and
We have launched a housing for all program, one of the most ambitious in the world.
It refreshes and re-energizes me.
Excellencies, Ladies and Gentlemen,
Such is the legacy of 125 crore Indians.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Silver Jubilee Foundation Day of National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), at New Delhi, on 12th October.
From the last three years, we have been giving a new shape to India’s ancient and friendly relations with the gulf countries as per the present requirement by formulating a policy.
Seminars&Workshops
The schemes under which a thousand bright minds from the best institutions in the country will be offered direct admission in PhD program in IITs and IISC.
Today, ASEAN and India enjoy multi-faceted cooperation across ASEAN’s political-security, economic and socio-cultural pillars.
NHRC has instilled widespread awareness of human rights and has played an important role in preventing their misuse.
Over 1 crore customers have given up LPG subsidies under Give it up initiative.
India made electricity reach every single village in the last 4 years.
Major Danish exports to India include medicinal/ pharmaceutical goods, power generation machinery; industrial machinery, metal ores, organic chemicals, etc.
We recognize that without the opportunities for the success of our youth, our societies cannot grow.
We have ended the era of high level corruption.
You can contribute to the site.
Our democratic values and an alert judicial system ensure the safety of your investments.
The Government assistance is proposed to be 50% of total project cost subject to a limit of Rs.3 crore for each brand, each year for 3 years.
Central government has also approved the expansion of the first phase of Chennai Metro at a cost of nearly 4,000 crore rupees.
Thus the Medipark project will play an important role in enhancing quality health care delivery in India.
“Minimum Government, Maximum Governance” and “Red carpet instead of Red tape” have been the basis of governance reforms in India, Prime Minister Modi said.
We acknowledge the progress made in promoting cooperation according to the BRICS Roadmap of Practical Cooperation on Ensuring Security in the Use of ICTs or any other mutually agreed mechanism.
The Commission also obtained records, caste-wise of OBCs admitted in higher educational institution as well as similar caste-wise data of recruits in Central Departments, Central Public Sector Undertakings, Public Sector Banks & Financial Institutions.
If we are a young nation, our youth should get manifested in the field sports as well.
He said that the last four years are seeing this transformation happen, and the statistics prove this.
21st June 2017 – Yoga has permeated the entire world.
Oceans remain vital for our prosperity.
Despite some internal advice to the contrary, I decided to accept the recommendation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given in-principle approval for Public Sector Banks to amalgamate through an Alternative Mechanism (AM).
I recently visited the Krishi Unnati Mela organized in New Delhi.
Meeting with IT CEOs, Digital India address.
Councils will also be supported by Central and State Governments respectively through Grant-in-aid as needed.
Less than a hundred days are now left for the International Yoga Day on 21st June.
It is making the dream of universal access to clean energy become more real.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for transfer of all land assets owned by Hindustan Vegetable Oils Corporation Ltd (HVOC) to Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA) or its authorized agency for appropriate utilization/ disposal.
Delhi Mass Rapid Transport System Project (Phase 3) (III)
He said that while the developed countries should have targets for emission cuts, developing countries should work on targets of encouragement, such as initiatives towards renewable energy and green buildings.
Implementing the decision to exclude states from NSSF investments and extending the loan will entail no additional cost.
He recalled Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar’s vision for industrialisation in India, as a means to empower the poor and downtrodden, and said this manufacturing unit is also a step towards fulfilling that vision.
This will make available 10 GB of seamless alternate bandwidth for the region.
These are just a few examples of the direction in which we are moving.
PM will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on the theme “technology and rural life.”
Workshop on Sustainable Water Development, Conservation and Efficiency 112.
i. Both the countries to facilitate training/study tour of personnel in the field of mass media and public relations.
Once again I welcome our friends from SAARC countries.
There is also plan to connect Tawang by rail.
And, I will also call for a change in lifestyles, so that we reduce the burden on our planet.
Awareness and observance of hygiene of public goods like water bodies, land and air is crucial.
-Black Money Act was put in place to tackle the black money stashed abroad.
The objectives of the policy will be met by the Department of Heavy Industry in a time bound manner through obtaining approval for schemes as per the roadmap of policy interventions.
Prime Minister congratulated Mr. Miroslav Lajcak on his election to the post of President of the 72nd UN General Assembly.
This is a city which believes in harmony.
They need to be assured that the rules of the game will not change overnight, in an arbitrary fashion.
1. Setting up of a National Mission on Transformative Mobility and Battery Storage, to drive clean, connected, shared, sustainable and holistic mobility initiatives;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today (April 01, 2016) met the Prime Minister of Canada, Mr. Justin Trudeau, on the sidelines of the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington DC.
The Khurja plant will transform the power deficit situation of Northern Region, particularly Uttar Pradesh and will benefit states like Uttarakhand, Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh and Delhi.
Yoga for unity and a harmonious society conveys a message that has permeated the world over.
Despite the surge in technological, biomedical, clinical, and pharmaceutical innovations aimed at improving cancer outcomes, the overburdened healthcare systems across the globe remain ill equipped to meet the massive burden of escalating cancer care costs.
Framework MoU would lead to joint activity in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
“Dictionary of Martyrs: India’s Freedom Struggle (1857-1947)”, Volume 1, Parts I & II.
Our key national symbols have taken inspiration from Buddhism.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed happiness at receiving the medal winners.
In all spheres, investment, steel sector, start ups, milk and agriculture, aviation, India’s progress is outstanding.
Both sides agreed on the importance of stronger connectivity between Viet Nam and India as well as between ASEAN and India.
He said major infrastructure is being built in roadways, airways and railways, including the various metro projects started in the State.
We are also working together on the reforms of the UN Security Council.
The salient features are as follows:-
This will encourage manufacturers to set-up manufacturing facilities in India with a long-term perspective.
That is part of our vision of Make in India, Digital India and Design in India.
The real test begins after that.
Elaborating the same, he mentionedimproving operational and financial performance; transparency and accountability in processes; procurement through the GeM platform and from MSMEs; and preparation for technological disruptions such as Artificial Intelligence, Quantum Computing and Robotics.
The major benefit will be enhancing access to secondary and higher education through availability of adequate resources, while ensuring that the amount does not lapse at the end of financial year.
Let us also live the sermon of Bible that calls us to do good, seek peace and pursue it.
Today, India is on the path of a radical change at many levels.
Sri Pejavar Math’s most respected Sri Vishwesh Tirth Swami Ji,
My Cabinet colleague Shri Ram Vilas Paswan Ji, Shri C.R. Chaudhary Ji, Secretary General, UNCTAD, Dr. Mukhisa Kituyi, and other dignitaries present here.
Friends, The India Science Congress has a rich legacy.
He will receive feedback from PMAY beneficiaries, via video link, from different cities of Uttar Pradesh.
He stressed on the encouragement being given to “Make in India.”
PM will also interact with select beneficiaries of PM-KISAN through video conference.
Your presence is a source of motivation for business leaders as well as young entrepreneurs gathered here.
Q. How can we describe to the average person what innovation ties are there between Israelis and Indians?
He mentioned the new health policy, which covers various aspects of health and wellness.
Hon’ble Chairman, heartiest congratulations and good wishes on behalf of the House and on behalf of the countrymen!
At that time these people were not talking on the basis of the data but they were talking on the basis of their gut-feelings and that is why they were not able to see the growth of the economy.
He expressed confidence that reformers would emerge from within the Muslim community itself, to put an end to the pain suffered by some Muslim women, because of the practice of “triple talaq.”
MoU on Visa exemption for Diplomatic and official passport holders.
To understand him, one needs to understand his courage, conviction, his sense of nationalism which went beyond parochial, regional, linguistic and other divisions.
Mobility Led Urban Development
During the address, Prime Minister announced the launch of the next phase of the India-Italy Industrial Research and Development Cooperation program.
a) motor vehicles for transport of not more than thirteen persons, including the driver [falling under sub-headings 870210, 8702 20, 8702 30 or 8702 90]; and
(12). The seller should clear its Spectrum Usage Charges (SUC) and its instalment of payment (in case seller had acquired the spectrum through auction and opted for deferred payment) till the effective date of trade.
It can also provide inputs for the Contingency Reserve Arrangements.
Given the scale of the Indian economy and the relevance of cutting-edge Israeli technologies for us, even sky is not the limit for what we may achieve together!
The Agricultural Extension Machineries including KVKs of ICAR will also make special efforts in this regard.
Every Indian takes pride in his accomplishment.
Instead of sugarcane, they have taken to such crops like fruits and vegetables that require much less water.
This year we organized a program on Pravasi Bharatiya Divas, where all MPs and Mayors of Indian origin were invited.
The Prime Minister recalled that he had promised to repeal one law a day, and till date, the Union Government has repealed about 1200 laws.
Consequently, the State Government of Andhra Pradesh has earmarked 244 acres of land at Srinivasapuram, Pangur and Chindepalli villages of Yerpedu Mandal for construction of the permanent campus of IISER, Tirupati.
It is important to build an atmosphere of trust.
You will see how a tradition becomes your habit.
It is expected that by accepting offers of special loan for projects in Infrastructure sector and in sectors of strategic importance on mutually agreed basis, the extensive capital requirement in these sectors will be fulfilled.
4. High Level Steering Committee will review the National Indicator Framework on regular basis for its improvement.
Just look at his fortitude, resolve & perseverance.
In course of the presentation made by NITI Aayog, it was noted that there has been phenomenal progress in several key sectors, including renewable energy, and railways.
Meeting these kids was a very special experience that I had on my Kashi visit.
I also congratulate the administrators there for making an excellent beginning by turning one block in the state of Jammu and Kashmir open defecation free.
The result, Globalization gains are at risk and economic gains are no longer easy to come by.
The initiative is part of the on-going efforts of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi to reach out to the people and communicate with them in their own language.
I will also pay homage at the INA Memorial Marker at Esplanade Park.
The total cost of the proposal for the period from 01.01.2017 to 31.03.2020 including Central and State Government share isRs.12,661crore.
Now, keeping in mind the agricultural produce in different districts, agricultural cluster approach will be adopted in different districts across the country.
The proceeds from land monetization and annual returns accrued by the SPV will be utilized for funding the non-PPP components of the Project.
The DG thanked the Government of India for taking the initiative of starting a conversation to explore ways to reinvigorate the multilateral trading system.
He said writing of Gazettes by officers should be made compulsory in the districts.
At Kumbh, he will participate in the Swachh Kumbh Swachh Aabhaar event, organized by Ministry of Drinking Water & Sanitation.
They welcomed the 5th India-EU Foreign Policy and Security Consultations held in New Delhi on 25 August 2017 – a platform to further deepen cooperation in the political and security area.
In particular, he said women members can play a leadership role in areas such as toilet construction.
He said the first part of Ayushman Bharat – the health and wellness centres, was launched on BabasahebAmbedkar’s birth anniversary, and the second part – the health assurance scheme, is being launched two days before DeendayalUpadhyay’s birth anniversary.
He mentioned efforts being made in Car Nicobar, in this direction.
Shri Narendra Modi fondly recalled his visit to Bhutan in June 2014, which was his first overseas visit as Prime Minister.
“On Thursday, 7th July I will be in Mozambique.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi interacted with participants across the globe in Bharat Ki Baat Sabke Saath programme held at London, U.K.
a) the Intervention Convention 1969,
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Lucknow Metro Rail project and laid the foundation stone of Agra Metro Rail project.
New year greetings to everyone.
This is one of the biggest and the most beautiful baodis of India and the point to be noted is that this is situated in a water-scarce area.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS), India and Direction Nationale De Industries (MLINDI), Republic of Mali on Standardization and Conformity Assessment.
India and Tajikistan are joined in our steadfast support of the Afghan people and their aspirations for a peaceful and prosperous nation.
These are giving more flexibility to the states in utilization of NRDWP funds by reducing the number of components under the programme.
The actual variable cost would depend upon the actual number of families returning to India.
Your work is like that of an interface between the government and the tax-paying companies and individuals.
All contributed to a positive environment.
The Prime Minister will attend the function for the laying of the Foundation Stone of the New Capital City of Andhra Pradesh, at Amravathi.
He stressed that a strong India will fulfill the hopes and aspirations of over a billion Indians and will also be an important pillar for global peace and stability, especially in a world full of uncertainties and concerns.
Civil Appeal No.9093/2013 was filed by Dr. Subramanian Swamy pleading for directions to the Election Commission to use VVPAT Units in all polling booths.
It provides an opportunity for collaboration in training programmes, exchange of experts and technical exchanges and outreach activities.
The Indian Side acknowledged the Russian Side’s technical expertise in the field of disaster management and agreed to explore cooperation, including through training of trainers and development of emergency response structures.
Many people from your village might have migrated to cities.
• We have taken almost 60% of the defence items out of the licensing process and liberalised a number of restrictions like end-use certificate for the exports.
24. The President of Maldives thanked the Prime Minister of India for the warmth, cordiality and gracious hospitality extended to him and members of his delegation during their visit.
NEC was established under the North Eastern Council Act, 1971 as an apex level body for securing balanced and coordinated development and facilitating coordination with the States.
Here in Singapore, where the region’s currents merge; its diversity converges; ideas meet; and, aspirations gather wings, I feel that we are closer to that vision than ever before.
They welcomed, in particular, the efforts undertaken by the Member States of the African Group, CARICOM and the L.69 Group.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for updation of the existing Air Services Agreement (ASA) between India and Serbia which was signed on 31st January, 2003.
We will set up an advanced centre of research in marine biology and biotechnology and establish a network of coastal and island research stations in India and abroad.
Congratulations to her on winning the Gold in the 50Kg wrestling event at the Asian Games 2018.
We intend to achieve each of our sustainable development objectives on our own, but collaboration remains the key.
Asserting that no one should mislead the jawans and the people of the nation, the Prime Minister said that the country would progress not through Raj-neeti (politics), but through Rashtra-neeti (nationalist policies).
We are moving fast towards becoming a Digital Economy;
In his address, the Prime Minister said that the National Museum of Indian Cinema will provide a wonderful opportunity for the younger generation to understand and learn about Indian cinema.
The Prime Minister inspected a Tri-services Guard of Honour this morning at INS Garuda at Kochi, before arriving on board INS Vikramaditya, where he was received by the three Service Chiefs.
In his opening remarks, Prime Minister Cameron referred to Prime Minister Modi’s vision and intent for transforming India.
He mentioned that during his visit to Mongolia, he had witnessed first-hand, the goodwill he has in that country.
The MoU will create favourable conditions for long-term tourism cooperation for the mutual benefits of all stakeholders within the broader framework and areas of cooperation.
The Prime Minister will meet with officials and public representatives.
Agriculture remains India’s mainstay in terms of providing livelihood.
While this centre has been completed before time, the deadlines for several other schemes are being reduced.
At times, when I look back, I am taken aback.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today reviewed the progress of two key schemes related to the agriculture sector – Soil Health Cards; and Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was today apprised of the Memorandum of Understandings (MoUs) signed between Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) with its counterparts in Malaysia, Singapore and Japan.
The Prime Minister also welcomed Maldives as the newest member of the Indian Ocean Rim Association.
b) Starting business and registration
During my visit, I will join the International Vesak Day celebrations in Colombo on 12th May, where I will interact with leading Buddhist spiritual leaders, scholars and theologians.
The Scheme was amended in August, 2015 for scope enhancement and simplification of procedure.
Vigilance can be of help to reduce many shortcomings in the education system.
“Innovation has the power to overcome the challenges our world faces, we should think about how our innovation can transform the lives of our fellow citizens”, he added.
Displaying utmost sensitivity and alertness, our Parliament has made the social justice framework stronger to protect the interests of the weaker sections of society – be it a Dalit, a deprived or exploited person or women.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today interacted with Collectors and Officers-in-charge of aspirational districts, at a Conference organized by NITI Aayog at the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre in New Delhi.
74 percent voter turnout (out of total 58 Lakh voters) was witnessed in the Panchayat elections.
My greetings to the people of China on the occasion of your National Day.
The Cabinet has decided to give additional government guarantee of Rs.16,550 crore making it Rs. 45,550 crore in total.
Congress leaders create stories that Indian Army is doing a coup…but Modi is destroying institutions.
There are many exemplary personalities such as Dr. Jaya Chandran and SulagittiNarsamma, who dedicated their lives to the welfare of all in society.
From the activities launched today, you can see the depth of relationship between the two countries.
Today, we remember your forefathers.
From creating infrastructure to providing services, from manufacture of products to human resource development, from supporting governments to enabling citizens and promoting digital literacy, Digital India is a vast cyber world of opportunities for you.
BHIM app has proved to be a boon for the poor, the Dalit, the backward and the exploited people.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Union Government will look into their demands.
Friends, in every field of life and when taking exams, if you were able to study peacefully for two hours earlier, then are you now able to do so for three hours?
And that too in 100 rupee notes.
Other programmes include a meeting with the Alumni Network in Durban and a reception hosted by the Mayor of Durban, at Durban City Hall.
I am told this radio station also used to broadcast weekly news bulletins in English, Hindi, Tamil, Bangla, Marathi, Punjabi, Pashto & Urdu languages.
Your personal attention has been a source of strength in our relationship.
The launch of Integrated Command and Control Centres in Gangtok, Namchi, Pasighat, Itanagar and Agartala is a welcome step.
He said the waste of the city was going unchecked into the River Ganga.
India’s rank has improved considerably, in the World Bank’s Doing Business Report.
We are collaborating to raise agricultural productivity in Kenya.
The Prime Minister had an interaction with leaders of Corporate Malaysia, for strengthening economic ties.
The Polavaram Project Authority will also assess out the cost of the irrigation component as on 01.04.2014 in consultation with the Department of Expenditure, Ministry of Finance.
The person who plays, shines.
This is the purpose of the Transforming India Lecture Series.
The two sides will also explore the possibility of establishing an India-RoK technology exchange centre.
Our Government has been working on a strategy for convergence of existing tribunals.
He reiterated his suggestion for a small amount of fruit juice to be mixed with aerated drinks.
The Prime Minister also emphasized the importance of imbibing safety norms and soft skills as integral parts of skill development.
His contribution towards India’s freedom movement was tremendous.
He also mentioned Union Budget commitments in this regard.
This will provide a stimulus for further development of IFSCs in India and enable bringing back of financial services and transactions that are currently carried out in offshore financial centres to India.
So, any visitor coming to Little India will be reminded of the message of peace between people; harmony between man and nature; and the relationship between the people of our two great countries.
The Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone for the expansion of Amul manufacturing facilities at Anand and Khatraj.
And have you ever thought that once you have signed a balance sheet then no one questions the balance sheet of that company; files are not held up after that.
I will have your image as per my perception.
I salute this wonderful mother and I also salute crores of similar mothers in India who keep doing something or the other all the time for the benefit of others despite facing many difficulties themselves.
Development maritime infrastructure and promoting maritime industries, especially in fisheries and ship-building.
24 hour news channels are now available to millions of Indians.
On similar lines, on the 25th of December, I learnt of the loss of SulagittiNarsamma in Karnataka.
Today, I’ve come here to showcase that new life to you people.
He said this spirit brings about a positive change, and engenders a sense of responsibility.
And a detailed work is underway to develop such villages in the Rurban Plan.
The Prime Minister said information commonly asked for is being uploaded on web portals of the concerned departments and Ministries.
Just looking at their bungalows worth 1 or 2 crores, one wonders how they can be in a tax bracket of less than 50 lakhs.
Whether it is our oceans or borders, cyber world or space for all kind of security India is capable to defeat all such inimical forces.
Please don’t lose sight of the fact this profession has the capacity to protect, to sustain the entire economy.
In another landmark initiative, National Nutrition Mission, NNM will be launched nationwide by the Prime Minister from Jhunjhunu.
Can we not contribute in this endeavour?
Let us leave no stone unturned to build a New India by 2022, the Prime Minister exhorted.
We have an Indian Community Welfare Fund and a fund to help distressed Indian women abroad.
The student strength in each IIT at the end of the project will be 2360.
51. We welcome the 8th Meeting of the BRICS High Representatives for Security held on 28 and 29 June 2018 in Durban, and commend them for enriching BRICS’ dialogue on the global security environment, counter-terrorism, security in the use of ICTs, major international and regional hotspots, transnational organised crime, peacekeeping, as well as the linkage between national security and development issues.
We are familiar with Israel’s advances in agriculture, and its expertise in micro-irrigation in drought-prone areas and water management.
21. The Sides agreed to share the list of their trade exhibitions and fairs as well as of institutions/export promotion councils and other export related institutions from where one can get the details of exporters/importers from both sides to facilitate their interaction.
And I took a resolve that the country must have such a Memorial.
I congratulate you on being appointed as Managing Director for a second term.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today delivered the inaugural address at the 103rd Indian Science Congress at the University of Mysore.
They had devoted 10,000 manhours to this work, he added.
The progress report on interlinking of rivers has been submitted to the Cabinet in compliance of the Hon’ble Supreme Court judgement dated 27.02.2012 in the matter of Writ Petition (Civil) – 512 of 2002: “Networking of Rivers” along with Writ Petition No.668 of 2002 which directs the Union Government of India to constitute a Special Committee for Interlinking of Rivers.
He said the poor gain the most when we achieve cleanliness and eliminate dirt.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
Later, the Prime Minister visited the construction site of the Statue of Unity, an iconic structure dedicated to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, at Sadhu Bet, a short distance from the Sardar Sarovar Dam.
The Prime Minister laid a wreath at Amar Jawan Jyoti.
Country specific reports of FATF should be shared and FATF should work out a mechanism to work with deficient countries.
16. Both leaders reiterated their commitment to promoting the long-term sustainability of outer space activities and decided to launch an Annual Space Dialogue for enhancing bilateral cooperation in outer-space.
He said different states could partner each other every year.
They visited the Maritime Training Centre, Aerospace Hub and Precision Engineering section.
The unique festival Chhath Pooja is deeply linked with nature & worshiping nature.
According to the Charter, the Mother set five high principles for Auroville.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s shared a message on World Tuberculosis Day.
The case studies will be published in a special Partners’ Forum edition of the BMJ (originally called British Medical Journal) and disseminated widely.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Joint Issue of Postage Stamps by India and South Africa on the theme “125th Year of Mahatma Gandhi’s Pietermaritzburg Station Incident & Birth Centenary of Nelson Mandela”.
During my last visit in 2015, I had the opportunity to visit Anuradhapura, a UNESCO world heritage site and a leading centre of Buddhism for centuries.
A national repository of tiger camera trap photo database is also being created.
He said the Government is addressing the special needs of the North East to enable growth parity with the rest of the country.
Our trusted and strategic partnership, especially in the field of defence has deepened.
Finland’s principal environmental agency is the Ministry of the Environment, established in 1983.
Biogas generation will increase self-reliance in energy utilized for cooking and lighting.
On the other hand Christmas preparations must have started too.
It is wonderful to see over five hundred Indian companies, along with over one hundred and fifty foreign companies present here.
One can imagine one’s agonizing mental state if her world gets shattered at such a early age!
About 11.91 lakh non-gazetted Railway employees are likely to benefit from the decision.
We further stress the importance of a favourable external environment for sustained growth of global trade.
Compared to cities villages are more close to nature and are tuned more with the flow of life.
The MoU provides that the Parties shall endeavour to: –
Mahatma Gandhi had once said, “One must care about the world one will not see”.
Foreign Minister of Mexico, Ms. Claudia Ruiz-Massieu, who is on a two day bilateral visit to India called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
India and Ireland are ideally placed to form productive partnerships to take advantage of the opportunities in the digital age.
In 2 years, we have managed to overcome the odds and register an impressive economic performance.
Where some doubt your future, we are certain that no force or power can deny the Afghan people the destiny they have chosen, however long and hard the journey may be.
In conclusion, let me say how proud we are of what you stand for, how you live in this society and what you have achieved.
“Greetings to everyone on UN Day.
41 Officer Trainees of the 2016 Batch of the Indian Foreign Service called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
BRICS Rating Agency 5.
(TCIL) in the state of Texas, USA with authorization for registering in other states of USA for doing business subsequently.
Such a huge potential for creation and production will not be available in any one country.
The central message of Saint Shri Ramanujacharya’s life was inclusive society, religion and philosophy.
We both have ambitious National plans for a more sustainable future.
He recalled former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s vision for connecting India through the Golden Quadrilateral project, and through Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana.
He described GST as a turning point for the economy, unprecedented in history.
I am delighted to be here with you all today.
It is true, the basic principle of governance is that information should percolate upwards from bottom and guidance should percolate from the top to the bottom.
These will help in efficient adoption of best practices across States.
The issue of disability pension was referred to the National Anomaly Committee by the Ministry of Defence on account of the representation received from the Defence Forces to retain the slab-based system, as it would have resulted in reduction in the amount of disability pension for existing pensioners and a reduction in the amount of disability pension for future retirees when compared to percentage-based disability pension.
The tiger has brought all of us together here.
The Scheme of NEC – Special Development Project will be changed to be a Central Sector Scheme with 100% grant, instead of the earlier block grant on 90:10 basis.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for allowing the Ministry of Railways to form Joint Venture Companies with the State Governments to mobilize resources for undertaking various rail infrastructure projects in States.
In the last four decades, India has emerged as the leader in diamond manufacturing and export.
Experts are unanimous that India is one of the world economy’s brightest spots.
Through this Bill the Government has evolved a mechanism for their social, economic and educational empowerment.
My dear countrymen, although you have entrusted me with the responsibilities of Prime Minister but I also am a human being just like you.
You’re able to ride a bicycle but have you ever tried to operate the three-wheeler cycle or rickshaw which transports people?
If we talk about providing smoke free LPG gas connection to the poor and to the poor mothers, at the rate in which it was done in 2013, it could not have been completed even in a 100 years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated several Government projects at Silvassa, Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
Thus the gems and jewellery sector is a prime example of the potential of ‘Make In India’ and Skill India.
The Prime Minister said that if any money has been looted in India and has left Indian shores, it is our duty to find out about it.
This tells you how deeply linked the destinies of our two nations are .
He described the University and its students as pioneers.
LOC Agreement for US $ 100 million for Agriculture irrigation scheme in Rwanda
He said that these decisions will fully protect the interests of honest and hard-working citizens of India and that those five hundred and one thousand rupee notes hoarded by anti-national and anti-social elements will become worthless pieces of paper.
40. The Sides expressed their support to companies from both sides for development of cooperation and exploring opportunities for joint development of oil fields in the Russian territory, including in the Arctic shelf of Russia and joint development of projects on the shelf of the Pechora and Okhotsk Seas.
He said that he has been informed that All India Radio has approximately 9 lakh hours of audio recordings of various artistes from across the country.
Rajasthan has significant reserves of oil and gas.
The BPOM regulates these products in Indonesia.
The current account deficit was rising.
Prime Minister Cameron welcomed the decision of the Indian Government to set up a taskforce under the stewardship of the Department of Health and Family Welfare to facilitate such investment.
The Prime Minister said that the efforts of the Government have led to India emerging as a bright spot in the global economy.
Keeping aside the work that still needs to be done, there have been significant achievements on the global front in the area of maternal and child health.
I have also had the privilege of receiving several high level Japanese political and business leaders in India in the last couple of years.
The card will tell every farmer the exact character of his soil.
Shobha Ji, thank you very much for paying attention to this shining example of India’s pride.
Many of you are now closely engaged with developments in India.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
In the meeting, Shri Narendra Modi suggested that the entire campus of Shree Somnath temple be upgraded with water, greenery and facilities.
Clearly our financial inclusion reform has been transformational.
You will never feel a test, a test again.
TCIL is implementing the highly prestigious Pan-African e-Network in 48 countries which shall primarily provide Tele-education, Tele-Medicine and WIP connectivity to African Union member countries through optical fibre and satellite links since 2009.
• a strict law has come into force from August 2016 to curb benami transactions, which are used to deploy black money earned through corruption;
Not only the two of you but each one of our countrymen has felt an emotional attachment with our athletes who participated at the Paralympics.
c) Sharing of experience on the modalities adopted on audit of processes and procedures followed by various Government agencies in recruitment for posts under the delegated powers.
Highlighting the progress in road connectivity, the PM Modi said that compared to the previous Government, the pace of construction in national highways, rural roads has almost doubled.
With the changes in demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country has been changing.
And states have been asked to create export promotion councils.
In this regard, he mentioned steps taken by the Union Government, such as demonetization, and implementation of stringent laws against black money and benami property.
The Scheme has an outlay of Rs. 10,000 crore with a target of 50 lakh apprentices to be trained by 2019-20.
She says that as such she does not find time to spend with her friends and has suggested that there should be a school nearby.
Even the smallest incidents are taking us towards violence.
It is an effort to give strength to a mass movement for playing more, he explained.
Approximately 770 km of the Line of Control (LC) and approximately 220 km of International Border (IB) have been a witness to frequent ceasefire violation and the influx of terrorists since 1990.
And, we are creating a national digital infrastructure that allows ideas, information, communication, business and innovation to flow freely on the cyber space.
We look forward to a concrete outcome in Paris within the framework of the UN Convention on Climate Change.
They briefed the Prime Minister on the outcomes of India Leadership Summit held earlier in the day.
Two, Tax regime has changed: lower tax rates, increased stability, faster resolution of tax disputes and electronic filing systems.
This is mainly to assist German Mittelstand Companies in entering the Indian Market.
From its beginnings in 2003, Vibrant Gujarat has now become a global networking platform, for all States of India, to participate, and promote investment.
We are confident that these banks will play an important role in the development of Asia.
The Prime Minister explained how the reduction of input costs was the first element towards raising farm incomes.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
The Amendment to the NMC Bill comes in the backdrop of its consideration in the Lok Sabha on 02.01.2018 and subsequently being referred to the Department Related Parliamentary Standing Committee (DRPSC).
The appeals against the orders in first appeals issued by the Appellate Authorities under the Central and State GST Acts lie before the GST Appellate Tribunal, which is common under the Central as well as State GST Acts.
Employees’ Voluntary Contribution – upto 25% of basic pay + DA per month 6.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
My dear countrymen, namaskar!
The Prime Minister emphasized that India’s growth story would be further energised through balanced and fast-paced growth of the North-Eastern region.
The project is scheduled to be completed by June, 2016.
The program of cultural exchanges between the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation and the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of India for 2017-2019.
This is the change”.
The scheme is expected to provide employment to close to six lakh people.
(vii). A new sub-section in Section 11 to be added to the effect that an application for appointment of an Arbitrator shall be disposed of by the High Court or Supreme Court as expeditiously as possible and an endeavour should be made to dispose of the matter within 60 days.
The delegation agreed that the fight against corruption will benefit the poor people including the Minorities the most.
The maturity of our science will also be judged by a responsible treatment of our planet by the wise use of Science and Technology.
These are the same people whose statements are helping Pakistan and harming India.
It will cover 13.26 kilometres and eleven stations.
Multilateral Development Banks should enlarge their capital base to support infrastructure needs of the developing countries.
A resolve that we will positively fulfil in the next five years.
And, in him, India had a well wisher, who spoke with the honesty of true friendship.
• Sanitary issues concerning trade in livestock, animal husbandry and animal products
The HIV and AIDS Bill, 2014 has been drafted to safeguard the rights of people living with HIV and affected by HIV.
(viii). The agreement shall come into force on the 30th day after the exchange of the Instrument of Ratification.
These systems hold tremendous potential in the global health scenario.
The main objectives of the MoU are:
Our interests in the region are vast, and our engagement is deep.
• Along with the High Speed Rail project, a training institute is also taking shape.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the revised Model Memorandum of Understanding between the Financial Intelligence Unit(FIU) – India (FIU-Ind) with its counterpart foreign Financial Intelligence Units (FIUs) for exchange of information.
ii) The designated airlines of either country shall have the right to establish offices in the territory of the other country for the promotion and sale of air services.
On 15th August, 2017, they unfurled the tricolour at Khardungla, in Ladakh.
While commercial surrogacy will be prohibited including sale and purchase of human embryo and gametes, ethical surrogacy to the needy infertile couples will be allowed on fulfilment of certain conditions and for specific purposes.
8. Additional forms of cooperation will be determined in writing upon mutual consent between the Parties.
He will also lay the foundation stone for six laning of Karaipettai-Walajapet section of NH-4.
The Prime Minister said that he tries his best to meet youth as much as possible, to understand their hopes and aspirations, and work accordingly.
Setting up of unhindered order is one of the prominent contribution of Yogi ji.
What happens instead is allegations
Several national and international conferences, and competitions on 125 solutions to scientifically challenging problems are also on the agenda.
Russia is an abiding friend.
He urged the youth to witness the launch of the “Start-up India” event in Delhi on January 16th.
Sports is about physical fitness, mental alertness and personality enhancement.
He asserted that retrospective tax was a thing of the past, and a closed chapter.
This would enable the Trust to enhance the quantum
The new Headquarters building of ASI has been equipped with state-of-the-art facilities, including energy efficient lighting and rainwater harvesting.
He unveiled the plaque to mark the inauguration of Civil Terminal of Hindon Airport.
I have heard that in Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu, child marriage has been banned under a special campaign.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited the L&T workers’ residential complex in Riyadh.
Later we are all the way.
He said every step taken towards the eradication of this disease, is also linked to the betterment of the lives of the poor.
It is a matter of happiness for all of us that today Arun Ji is also amongst us after the recovery.
• We have de-licenced a number of defence items and liberalised a number of restrictions like end-use certificate;
This assistance portfolio is presently worth over $1.73 billion.
Noting that India’s daughters have made the nation proud in many international sporting events, the Prime Minister said that the society is benefiting from the progress that women are making in various fields.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister recalled the time that he had worked with the Bharat Sevashram Sangha in Gujarat.
We have seen an extension of the spirit of the Ease of Living in Ujjwala Yojana.
Till now we concentrated on the outlay for education.
Durraiappah Stadium will stand as yet another symbol of our lasting friendship.
c) considering and conveying to the Government its views on any subject relating to law and judicial administration that may be specifically referred to it by the Government through Ministry of Law and Justice (Department of Legal Affairs);
They will not be spared.
At Doha in 2012, the amendments to Kyoto Protocol for the 2nd commitment period (the Doha Amendment) were successfully adopted for the period 2013- 2020.
It would help in raising Rs. 742.98 crore to HEC and the money would be utilised for liquidation of employee related statutory dues viz.
He was received at Mysore airport by the Governor of Karnataka Shri Vajubhai Vala, and the Chief Minister of Karnataka Shri Siddaramaiah.
We will interact at a community programme on the evening of 24th November.
Not only that, in 2014-15, India contributed 12.5% of global growth.
This commitment shows Gandhiji passion for cleanliness.
H.E. Kim Hyun-chong, Minister for Trade, Industry & Energy, RoK
In the Holy Quran, river is central to the image of Paradise.
The State Government’s efforts in evacuating more than a million people to safety and the efforts of IMD to give accurate forecast were specially appreciated by the Prime Minister.
On seeing his rather jubilant exuberance, I asked him, “But what exactly happened?”
New business models driven by digitization, are re-inventing the current paradigm.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled their previous interactions, and thanked Shri Dahal for his valuable contributions in strengthening India-Nepal relations.
I express my gratitude to the people of Japan, Parliament of Japan, and especially Prime Minister Abe for its ratification.
“Gurudev Tagore will always be remembered for his powerful thoughts and contribution to the freedom movement.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with scholars and economists who are participating in the Neemrana Conference 2016.
India is proud of the diversity we are blessed with.
After that, NDMA organized workshops on heat wave management as part of a campaign to raise awareness in people.
He said the State Government is working for the betterment of various sections of the society.
The company grows, it flourishes and you people also grow, flourish with that.
It will also generate immense goodwill for India among the people of Myanmar due to the religious significance as well as the touristic significance of the project.
He said all these represented great opportunities for investment.
The main objective of the decision is to enable the State Governments to issue control order with the prior concurrence of Central Government, for fixing stock limits/licensing requirements in respect of sugar, whenever need is felt by them.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Cuba on cooperation in the field of Health and Medicine.
So, to honour your service and uphold your welfare will always be our solemn duty.
10. The leaders noted ongoing discussions between DRDO and SAFRAN on combat aircraft engine and encouraged necessary measures and forward looking approaches to facilitate early conclusion.
He also called for continuing the movement towards digital transactions.
The Prime Minister remarked that the city of Varanasi, which had for long, given the light of knowledge (Gyaan Prakash) to India was now symbolically giving the light of energy (Urja Prakash) to India, as IPDS was being launched nationwide today from Varanasi.
Go and ask someone from your village about the Ujjwala scheme.
Beneficiary will also be able to track the progress of his payments through the app. vii.
You might have seen that in infrastructure a provision of more than 2 lakh crore Rupees has been made.
I have full confidence in this thing.
To facilitate and deepen international education cooperation and exchanges betweenLakshmibai National Institute of Physical Education, India and Nippon Sport Science University, Japan
About the development in Tripura, PM told that the progress is now on a new trajectory.
The decisions today will provide an impetus to this mission.
• We have introduced the concept of composite sector caps for the FPIs and other foreign investors.
In the address, the Prime Minister complimented the efforts of Sri Sri RaviShankar and the Art of Living Foundation for their contribution towards tackling the drug menace in the country.
The Prime Minister recalled his positive conversation with President Donald Trump and the shared commitment to further strengthen ties that have grown deeper in the last two and a half years.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an Agreement for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to taxes on income between India and Iran.
They will begin their voyage today from Goa, and expect to return to Goa in March 2018, after completing the circumnavigation.
India and Japan have long enjoyed close and friendly ties.
Independent India was one of the leading advocates of Mozambican freedom from colonial rule.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Colombia in the field of agriculture and fisheries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised about signing of a Joint Declaration between the Ministry of Science & Technology and the Federal Ministry of Education and Research of Germany on the extension of the tenure of the Indo-German Science & Technology Centre (IGSTC).
From being a country which accounted for more than half of the global polio cases in 2009, to being declared free of the wild polio virus: the journey reflects India’s deep commitment to child health.
Last year, we had to endure so many trials – the scorching heat of the summer, scarcity of water, drought conditions and so on.
The Bill also proposes insertion of 28 new sections.
He said that in India, the stress has always been on preventing the exploitation of nature.
If required, we will be happy to share our experience with other countries.
India-Japan Cooperation in Disaster Risk Reduction (DRR)
We value your recommen- -dations and look forward to putting them into practice.
The results are there to see:
We can also say 11 May 1988 is engraved in the history of India as a demonstration of her military power.
Whenever a natural calamity strikes, it is the underprivileged, who are the first in bearing its brunt.
A single-window facilitation cell provides handholding for foreign investors.
Affirming the solemn commitment to making the Bay of Bengal Region peaceful, prosperous and sustainable by building on our common strengths through our collective efforts;
Excellencies, We in India don’t see development and climate change as competing objectives.
In extreme cases, the NAA can impose a penalty on the defaulting business entity and even order the cancellation of its registration under GST.
My dear countrymen, these days you must be hearing a lot about the Padma Awards.
That day also was the day of Buddha Purnima.
I am sure that my suggestions there will be of substantial help while they sit for their examinations.
Come, let us celebrate Navratri and Durga Puja festivals with peace, unity and harmony to enable our nation to scale newer heights.
We have a massive programme to expand our forest cover and protect our biodiversity.
We want to focus on every aspect that would make sports more popular across the nation, he added.
He also spoke of initiatives taken for the MSME sector.
With this, we are also moving towards a modern tax regime, which is transparent, stable and predictable.
This tells us that this was a good evidence of the determination of India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today said that the banking sector is poised to achieve a big boost in growth in rural areas.
Government is in the process of improving the quality of education with particular focus on higher education sector.
Our success spans from the core of the tiny atom to the vast frontier of space.
I also hope that Ireland’s visa policy will be sensitive to the requirements of India’s Information Technology firms.
organisation of youth programmes;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, addressed via video conference, the India Carpet Expo at Varanasi.
During the festival season, our festivals, our culture, our traditions are focused upon.
The needs of the deaf community for a common ISL and related matters have long been ignored, and problems have been documented by various organizations working for the deaf.
His Excellency, President Michel,
Today, with the spread of new technology, the situation is often reversed.
The Prime Minister said that thought-leaders and visionaries have shaped the direction of our country, at different points in time.
We do so when the consequences of the industrial age powered by fossil fuel are evident, especially on the lives of the poor.
He lives in the slums, goes out in the day time and comes back in night to sleep.
For this we need to put in place systems that can quickly provide risk assessments.
The Prime Minister was informed that the progress of electrification of all unelectrified villages is proceeding at a rapid pace.
This reminds me of a cartoon by Cho wherein people are targeting me with their guns and the common people are standing in front of me; Cho asks who is the real target?
Tourist arrivals from Kyrgystan during the last five years are as follows:-
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of former Chief Minister of Manipur and senior politician Mr. Rishang Keishing.
Among the important projects for which the Foundation Stone will be laid, is the Jaipur Ring Road.
He added that it also creates trust among the common people, which is the key to ‘New India.’
I still respect your feelings.
I firmly believe that Buddhism’s message of peace is the answer to growing arc of violence all over the world.
It is the factoring in of this outreach that will create a new India.
The same thought occurred to a young man in the 1920s.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will be on a visit to his Parliamentary Constituency, Varanasi, on September 17 and 18, 2018.
In this context, they also called upon the countries of the region to come forward for enhancing regional connectivity and take steps to do away with the obstacles on land transit.
To further promote bilateral cooperation, they decided on the following India-Sweden Joint Action Plan, under which India and Sweden, through relevant ministries, agencies and actors, aim to:
Yet, for many, the day still begins with a cup of tea or coffee in one hand, and a newspaper in the other.
(v) The Board of each Major Port shall be entitled to create specific master plan in respect of any development or infrastructure established or proposed to be established within the port limits and the land appurtenant thereto and such master plan shall be independent of any local or State Government regulations of any authority whatsoever.
The rail line connecting North and South India will give a fillip to growth of surrounding regions.
The Prime Minister said that the 21st century is described as Asia’s century.
Recalling the sacrifices made by people so that India could attain freedom, the Prime Minister asserted that all Indians must have their own house, equipped with electricity, water and other basic facilities.
However, the Prime Minister added that in order to save humanity from this crisis, India would make its contribution.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
I understand that over the next two days, you would have an opportunity to interact with a few State Governments.
This was the movements where the slogan of ‘Quit India’ was on everyone’s lips.
The great sage Tiruvalluvar said “When the rare chance comes, seize it to do the rare deed.”
The Prime Minister said he wishes to turn the youth of India from job-seekers to job-creators.
President Tony Tan Keng Yam visited us in February this year.
Buddhi Sagar Maharaj was there 90 years ago, he has written this thing 90 years ago.
However, it has been put intopractice by D. Prakash Rao.
• The principle sought, is to bring in equity in exportability of social benefits to the class of Dutch citizens who reside outside the Netherlands.
The Prime Minister noted that he observes India’s youngsters leveraging the power of technology very well.
“I bow to Guru Teg Bahadur on his martyrdom day.
PM visited the Swachh Sundar Shauchalay exhibition at Kurukshetra.
(TCIL) in USA as per the details given below:
These athletes bagged a tally of 72 medals, creating a new, unprecedented record, bringing glory to the nation.
The two leaders held in depth discussions on major international issues.
Trade and Investment Cooperation
For the year 2014-15, an amount of Rs 25.93 crore has already been paid to about 41,492 Major Ports & Dock workers/employees as per wage ceiling of Rs.3500/-.
My thoughts are with the families of those who lost their lives in Kolkata.
We want to move ahead on that road.
A future of hope needs a solid bedrock of peace.
MoU on Cooperation in the field of health
He unveiled a plaque to mark the dedication of the Memorial.
The MoU will expand its outreach to wide range of social partners from the entire Asia Pacific Region.
Setting up of the JWG on Counter Terrorism by India and Morocco would help cases relating to terrorist attacks.
While he was Chief Minister of Gujarat, he had inaugurated the memorial dedicated to Shyamji Krishna Varma in Kutch.
To the people of Singapore, on 50 years of Independence, I extend the greetings and the good wishes of 1.25 billion friends and admirers.
Joint Declaration of Intent on Cooperation in the field of Information & Communications Technology and Electronics between the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology of the Government of the Republic of India and the Government Secretary of Modernization of the Republic of Argentina
· An economy that is known for its red tape, to one known for its red carpet.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO team on the successful launch of GSLV-F08 with indigenous cryogenic stage.
India and the EU also recognised the role being played by Bangladesh in extending humanitarian assistance to the people in need.
The Joint Working Group on FinTech between India and Singapore has been constituted for cooperation in the area of FinTech between the two countries.
They were marked by the warmth of our ties over two and a half decades.
33. The French President thanked the Indian Prime Minister for India’s support to the initiative to work on a Global Pact for the Environment.
I don’t want to dwell who was responsible for this.
I am personally pained at the developments.
I have referred to the durable reduction in inflation since this Government took office.
The main purpose for enacting this Act is to provide social security to workmen after retirement, whether retirement is a result of the rules of superannuation, or physical disablement or impairment of vital part of the body.
He also mentioned reforms in sectors such as defence, construction, food-processing etc.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Forum of Regulators (FOR) and the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners (NARUC) in the area of large-scale Grid Integration of Renewable Energy.
According to the survey, considering medical costs averted, value of time savings and mortality averted, financial savings for each household in Open Defecation Free communities are Rs. 50,000 per year.
Day by day we are getting more and more integrated with the world.
This multi-pronged program is also a transformative reform.
And see how this initiative from India became a big source of motivation for other countries too.
During my visit to Singapore, Prime Minister Lee had taken me on a visit to the Institute for Technical Education.
4. People of India stand shoulder to shoulder with those affected in the wake of natural disasters in parts of the country & the death of children in the hospital.
We look forward to an early conclusion of the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement.
This is not only in Pune but all over the country with the increase of 200 to 300 percent income for urban bodies.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today has given its ex-post facto approval for signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Cambodia for cooperation in the field of tourism with an aim to promoting bilateral tourism between the two countries.
Vishwanathan Anand has really said something very important.
Colours of Independence – a pan India campaign – is on since 9th August to 15th August.
I held the first ever retreat of a Prime Minister with bankers.
In particular, he called for innovative approaches in areas such as skill development and tourism.
Many leading Indian companies have a foot-print here.
Sushma Swaraj, Shri Nitin Gadkari, and Shri Manohar Parrikar, besides all Secretaries to the Government of India were present.
Exponent of Manipuri dance Shri Rajkumar Singhajit Singh was given the award for the year 2014.
(a) Promoting specific projects:
The committee will have no members from the Government.
The Prime Minister said that the tradition of Sufism has kept evil at bay, wherever it has continued to flourish.
It also reduces their productivity.
Expressing his commitment to uplift the poor, PM said, “ NDA government’s vision of development is on two lines, infrastructure development and upliftment of the marginalized sections of society who have been struggling to avail basic amenities for over 70 years.”
The way the school children took part in the entire endeavor was amazing.
The Prime Minister mentioned projects such as the Bansagar Dam in Uttar Pradesh, and the Mandal Dam in Jharkhand, which have seen huge cost escalations, as they have been delayed for decades.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of Framework of Understanding (FoU) on Cooperation in the Hydrocarbon Sector with Bangladesh.
Exports of gems and jewellery from India account for fifteen percent of India’s total merchandise exports.
21. The Prime Minister of India welcomed Maldives’ decision to re-join the Commonwealth.
This has been a memorable incident to increase awareness about our Constitution among the youth and to connect them to the various aspects of the Constitution.
India’s longest continuous naval exercise is with Singapore.
My final thoughts and words would reiterate that our relationship is primed for a momentous future.
It is also an amazing coincidence that the month which witnessed the First Struggle for Independence was the month in which Veer Savarkar ji was born.
So many years have passed and yet, Queen Elizabeth has treasured the handkerchief gifted by Mahatma Gandhi.
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
In no time, “Selfie with Daughter” became a big campaign not only in India but across the whole world.
The memorial has been constructed by DRDO in exactly one year.
He will also present the Vaishakh Sammaan Prashasti Patra to the Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies, Sarnath; and the All India Bhikshu Sangha, Bodh Gaya.
The requirement of road, rail and waterways is enormous.
Tomorrow in Madhya Pradesh, I will be launching the Narmada Seva Mission, which will surely have a major impact on MP’s ecology.
The law against Benami property was lying in limbo for years.
They should share resources and technology with those who live between want and hope, so that we can meet the universal aspiration for clean energy.
He mentioned other measures such as the Fugitive Economic Offenders Bill, which have been taken to ensure that the guilty are punished.
The Prime Minister recalled how the city of Varanasi had welcomed Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and French President Emmanuel Macron.
If we recall Lord Buddha, a fact comes to light that his birth, his enlightenment and his Mahaparinirvana, all three happened under a tree.
They motivate people from all walks of life,) to take to a spiritual path in their day to day dealings.
Its impact is overwhelming; we all want to link ourselves to science and technology.
I told them that I will take it up in Mann Ki Baat.
Enhancing connectivity within North East Region and with its neighboring countries is essential to tap its potential and presents crystallized examples of the shared vision between Japan and India as expressed in the Vision Statement.
What this translates into is this: India is likely to reach close to achieving the MDG target if the current trend of annual decline is sustained.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the loss of lives caused by a fire at Central Ammunition Depot in Pulgaon, Maharashtra.
The artwork depicts a map of India, and an image of the Prime Minister.
Also, extensive work is going on to set up Health Wellness Centres across the country.
To see how far we have travelled, we should look back to 2012-13.
The 2014 Nobel Prize in Physics was for the BLUE LED.
Nearly 75 percent of these loans have gone to women.
PM expressed appreciation for ADNOC’s decision to invest in the upcoming US$ 44 billion 60 MMTPA greenfield mega refinery and petrochemicals complex in India and welcomed the signing of an MoU in this regard earlier today.
At the national level to manage, an Ayushman Bharat National Health Protection Mission Agency (AB-NHPMA) would be put in place.
As per policy of Government, 50% of the seats in NITs are earmarked for the eligible domicile students of States / tits where the NITs are situated.
India and Portugal are strong partners in the international arena.
• India’s highest ever production of ethanol as blended fuel, benefiting sugar cane farmers, was in 2015.
They are extremely energetic, innovative and focused.
On 26 September 2015, H.E. Mr. Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India, invited H.E. Ms. Dilma Rousseff, President of Brazil, H.E. Ms. Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany and H.E. Mr. Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan, for a G-4 meeting in New York.
The Prime Minister appreciated the role of NCC in furthering the cause of cleanliness.
However, he never let his own newspaper get an idea of it that Chandra ShekharJi was about to resign.
Background:
I am visiting the Republic of Korea at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in.
FDI limit for defence sector has also been made applicable to Manufacturing of Small Arms and Ammunitions covered under Arms Act 1959.
I want to thank you from the core of my heart for this decision.
It isthe responsibility of the EC to organise free and fair election in the country of about85 crore voters with diverse socio-political and economic backgrounds.
Speaking on the occasion, PM said, “This government is punishing the corrupt and rewarding the honest”.
Many bank employees have been rested to their homes.
This is our work culture.
The Prime Minister said that Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan was never interested in power politics, and fought corruption.
“Am pained on passing away of a brave and distinguished patriot, Shri O P Mehra.
PM to lay Foundation Stone of NHAI Projects and address a public meeting in Sonepat.
And this time Twitter carried out a light hearted pleasant experiment in Yoga with its ‘Yoga imaging’.
“I will be in Kathmandu on a two-day visit on 30-31 August, to participate in the Fourth BIMSTEC Summit.
Chief Secretary, Govt. of NCT of Delhi;
The construction was originally started in the year 1972 and continued till 1993 when it was stopped by the Forest Department, Govt. of Bihar.
I speak, but the words are yours and this gives me immense satisfaction.
Speaking on the subject of depression, the Prime Minister said that in a nation like ours, this issue is worrying.
I was listening to them on how they wanted to make progress in various facets of life and, how their lives were filled with hope.
“Congratulations to Shri Ram Nath Kovind Ji on being elected the President of India!
There is no denying that we need conventional medicine to address the huge health challenges of today.
I also propose that we set up a network of Universities to encourage greater inter-university exchanges.
Achievements such as hundred percent electrification, and increased LPG coverage, are possible only through people’s involvement.
2. The decision to give compensation to the victims of cross border firing and enhancing the amount from Rs.3 lakh to Rs.5 lakh to the victims of terrorism or LWE violence was taken by the Government on Wednesday.
We had offered this to SAARC countries earlier.
From the Indian side, National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) is the nodal agency for implementation of the MoC.
The difference between perception of something as a challenge or an opportunity is the difference between inertia and initiative; status quo and progress.
Demographic, cultural and political changes are underway in many parts of the world.
1. ICAI will provide technical assistance to BIBF by reviewing the current curriculum of BIBF related to accounting and finance;
We will work with you to further strengthen the institutional mechanisms of BRICS.
The history of the Science Congress and the University of Mysore began around the same time.
Describing the importance of Common Service Centers (CSC), Prime Minister said that CSC’s across India are providing digital services to rural India.
The Prime Minister called upon the people to work with a common resolve to take the nation forward.
He added that development of the villages where a majority of people live, is vital to the overall economic development of the State.
France and India share common concerns and objectives in the field of non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
He said that his mantra of “Reform to Transform”, should be interpreted by civil servants as “Reform to Perform to Transform.”
We have here with us Manu Prakash, a young Indian scientist in Stanford, who has a lab to his name at the university.
He also stopped briefly at the school in which he had studied as a child.
The words written by him continue to be relevant even today.
Since then, we had two years of severe drought.
Now that these municipalities have received 4 times the money, it is quite natural that poor localities and slums will get better drainage facilities, better water supply and better Aanganbari system.
But today more than expanding education what is necessary is to improve the quality of education.
The organization represents 4000 village Panchayats of Jammu and Kashmir, with 4000 Sarpanches and 29000 Panches.
He inaugurated the Integrated Command and Control Centre at Naya Raipur Smart City.
The academic and research activities of IIPE will derive strength from the Institute’s proximity to sector-related activities such as KG-Basin, Visakhapatnam refinery and the planned Petrochemical complex at Kakinada.
And especially, since this place is situated in the midst of hills and forests.
The Scheme of Setting up of 20 new IIITs in Public Private Partnership (IIIT PPP) as approved by the Union Cabinet on 7.12.2010 does not have provision which empowers the Institutes set up in Public Private Partnership to grant degrees to its students.
He said that such an approach has completely transformed the power sector and One Nation- One Grid has now become a reality.
It is a huge psychological battle.
5. Regulatory framework
Medical and health research development, as well as exchange of experience in these areas; 4.
You people would have also noticed as to what extent the interest of gulf countries in India has gone up along with India’s rising stature and progress.
This is the power of the nation.
Our Nobel Laureate Rabindranath Tagore composed a poem – ‘Lamp of the East’ – in 1929 about Korea’s glorious past and its bright future.
The success of each one of these depends on the success of the other two.
And besides India, these satellites are of France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Britain and America, nearly 14 such countries.
The Netherlands is our 6th largest trading partner in the EU and 5th largest investment partner globally.
He mentioned the popularity of Yoga and Indian festivals in Korea.
• Collaboration for joint research for cross-learning with regard to innovative Agriculture Extension approaches including the use of information and communication technology (ICT)
He said that during the recent Gram Swaraj Abhiyan from 14th April, seven key schemes of the Government were implemented fully in over 16000 villages.
He gave some examples of the increase in pace in the infrastructure sector.
He feels that our youth are physically weak, compared to those of other Asian countries.
This Mission is being promoted by the Niti Aayog.
He was briefed on the progress of three hydropower projects in Bhutan.
We are working hard to create conducive conditions for this engagement.
The MoU was signed on 17.04.2018.
He said tree plantation and animal husbandry should also become an integral part of farming activities.
And the positive results are now being seen.
He said that in nominal terms, India’s share of the world GDP has risen from 2.4% in 2013, to 3.1% in 2017.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for restructuring of Agricultural Scientists’Recruitment Board (ASRB).
President and I place strong emphasis on Ocean or Blue Economy.
The Fund is expected to guarantee more than Rs 1,00,000 crore worth of loans to micro and small units in the first instance.
Speaking of the benefits of technology, the Prime Minister recalled the recently organized “Hackathon,” where 400 issues across Ministries in the Government of India were identified, and 42,000 students from Indian Universities spent 36 hours in an attempt to solve them.
In India, Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad will be illuminated.
I have met Excellency Abe on many occasions in Japan, India and around the world.
He will witness a demonstration of activities such as beneficiary identification, and e-card creation.
Around fifty lakh Self Help Groups covering around six crore women are now present in the country, PM added.
Getting inspiration from her sacrifice, people came forward and joined her.
The scheme is designed to be dynamic and aspirational and it would take into account any future changes in the exclusion/ inclusion/ deprivation/ occupational criteria in the SECC data.
The beneficiaries of this project are those who work in factories, pull rickshaws, drive auto, etc.
Are you watching too many crime related TV shows?
Major features of the Agreement include:
Negotiations with Singapore are also underway for similar changes.
The Prime Minister said that Sardar Patel had given us “Ek Bharat,” and it was now up to us to make it “Shresth Bharat.”
Democracy cannot succeed without constructive criticism.
Use this Twitter handle and share your experiences on social media.
Also, I will have interactions with leading investors and financial sector firms.
We cannot deny that the more connected Afghanistan is with the regional arteries of trade, capital and markets, the more assured would be its economic growth and progress.
HCT will provide venue for such events and will encourage its students and faculty member to attend these events;
May everyone be healthy and happy.
Measures undertaken by the Government have resulted in increased FDI inflows in to the country.
The clarion call of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose for India’s independence stirred the souls of many in Myanmar.
Under this scheme AIIMS have been established in Bhubaneshwar, Bhopal, Raipur, Jodhpur, Rishikesh and Patna while work of AIIMS Rae Bareli is in progress.
Gross budgetary support from the Government of India and external financial support for funding development and maintenance of 106 new National Waterways under National Waterway Act, 2016, is grossly inadequate.
Continued efforts can help us improve even further.
The delegation pitched for lower, and uniform rates of GST, for the entertainment industry in India.
It is a feature in the life of most of the successful players that they compete with themselves.
On the next day, I will be addressing the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum (SPIEF) together with President Putin.
If he sees that the advisor himself is asking him to hide the truth then he will boldly traverse the wrong path.
It seeks to increase the bilateral cooperation on the issues of prevention, rescue and repatriation related to human trafficking.
The industry collectively needs to study and understand the end-users and what they want: for example, some areas and some groups may prefer gold, others silver and yet others platinum.
BohagBihu wishes to my Assamese sisters and brothers.
This ecosystem was born in the Silicon Valley.
If a deal could not happen, defence modernisation could not happen.
This exhibition on valour and gallantry helps us to experience our past.
He believes that is good that students are getting acquainted with new technology.
If we run the country through the participation of One Hundred and twenty five crore Indians, our country will be moving ahead one hundred and twenty five crore steps every moment.
The President accepted the invitation.
Current Status: DFC has achieved overall 48% physical progress of civil packages and track laying of 802Km has been completed.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for construction of 1988 km of PMGSY roads in LWE areas; other road connectivity projects in LWE areas; water supply scheme of Bijapur; and two bridges.
I do not wish that whatever I speak from the ramparts of Red Fort should just be the opinion of the Prime Minister; it should be the collective voice of 125 crores countrymen.
If we were to change the way we look at exams then we would be tension-free.
Hence forth their no escape route.
Lauding the role of ISRO scientists, Shri Modi said, “In the field of space, our scientists have done great work.
According to the Treaty, India got the full rights for utilization of waters of the three Eastern Rivers namely Ravi, Beas and Satluj.
• Total 7,56,750 number of equipments in 29,115 health facilities of 29 States, costing approximately Rs. 4,564 Crore identified.
In order to maintain domestic prices at reasonable levels, the Government has allowed import of a restricted quantity of 5 lakh MT of raw sugar at zero duty by millers/refiners having their own refining capacity.
This will fulfil the long term demand of ‘Parivara’ and Talawara’ communities for granting Scheduled Tribes status in the State of Karnataka.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for diversion of State Highway-149 passing through Naval Land at Kakinada.
I compliment President Museveni and this House on the decision to join the International Solar Alliance.
He said this initiative will usher in transparency which will greatly benefit the farmers.
The Prime Minister said that the health sector requires good doctors, and paramedical staff.
But long ago, Swami Vivekananda had given the concept of ‘One Asia,’ and said that the solutions to the world’s problems will come from Asia.
The Ramakrishna Mission had requested the Government for allotment of a small incidental plot of land admeasuring 82 square meters adjoining to their existing allotment in Krishna Market, New Delhi to further expand their welfare activities.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) is a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament of India, The Chartered Accountants Act, 1949′, to regulate the profession of Chartered Accountancy in India.
We have taken several initiatives for transparency and online processing in IP administration.
I begin ‘Mann Ki Baat’ today with a heavy heart.
Your Excellency President Xi Jinping, my esteemed BRICS Colleagues, Distinguished Leaders
Measures for operation and maintenance of community and public toilets have been proposed, including different measures for rural and urban areas.
While thinking of Chandrkant Kulkarni, let us also follow him.
The taxability of capital gains arising out of the said transaction shall be examined by the field formation.
On the international plane, we have partnered with like-minded countries to launch the International Solar Alliance, which aims to harness the clean and unlimited solar energy as an alternative to fossil fuels.
We are ready to meet the healthcare priorities of the Tanzanian government, including of supply of medicines and equipment.
They also pledged to support and cooperate with the President of the 70th General Assembly.
The establishment of the new AIIMS will create capital assets for which requisite specialized manpower will be created, based on the pattern of the six new AIIMS, for their maintenance and upkeep.
The difference between market price and the subsidized price will be transferred directly to bank accounts of those who are poor.
Southeast Asian cultures, traditions and languages have been profoundly influenced by these early linkages.
In the last fifty years, the gems and jewellery sector has accounted for four hundred and seventy five billion dollars of exports.
The Prime Minister said cyber security issues should be dealt with immediately, and should receive highest priority.
I hope that you will use this opportunity, to reflect upon what you can do for your readers, or for the people of India, over the next five years.
I can say it with full sense of confidence that today if we gather the number of people doing Yoga in the entire world then incredible facts will be revealed to the world.
I urge our Women Sarpanchs to kindly uphold this theme vigorously.
Farmers in the affected regions will be covered during the current South-West monsoon period till 30th September, 2015.
Promoting cooperation between Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) and National Institute of Aeronautics and Space of the Republic of Indonesia (LAPAN) in monitoring earth’s environment from outer space and remote sensing of the earth.
What kind of cooperation can we expect?
There are approximately 21 lakh persons estimated to be living with HIV in India.
He said the Jan Dhan Yojana is one example of this, and increasing “ease of living” has been the focus of the Union Government.
He is a mason by profession to earn his livelihood.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Jammu and Kashmir CM Shri Mufti Mohammad Sayeed.
Specific areas of cooperation include ecosystems, climate variability and land-use changes, energy, minerals, environmental health, natural hazards, risk and resilience of assessments, water resources, and informatics and data integration.
Construction of new AIIMS is fully funded by the Central Government.
The MoU was signed by Dr. Harsh Vardhan, Minister for Science, Technology and Earth Sciences at New Delhi in May 2018 and Mr. Mohamad Nasir, Minister for Research, Technology and Higher Education, Indonesia on the Indonesian side at Jakarta in May 2018.
It is a matter of pride that many of you also speak Sinhala.
We look forward to cooperating in Space, including in the areas of managing land and marine resources, fisheries advisory, weather forecasting and disaster management.
We have introduced a series of simple but powerful structural reforms.
This government has utilised its full strength in order to fulfil the set goals.
Yet in 2009-10, India’s fiscal deficit, its current account deficit and its inflation rate, all got substantially worse.
He did not want anybody to languish in poverty forever.
But we would also explore opportunities in blue economy.
By joining the convention, the need for inspection of goods at intermediate borders as well as physical escorts en route shall be obviated due to reciprocal recognition of Customs controls.
We all are committed to this national spirit that there cannot be any compromise on India’s territorial integrity.
They resolved to hold biennial PM-level summits to advance the partnership.
There is momentum in the villages.
Ours is a globally cost competitive manufacturing eco-system.
He not only made a unique contribution to the spiritual revival of India, he also placed our timeless wisdom before the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Theresa May, on taking over as the new Prime Minister of United Kingdom.
And when the surgical strike was carried out, then the world had to acknowledge India’s capability and strength.
Good Morning Friends,
There is no financial implication involved with signing of the MoU.
This is a historic year for India-Sri Lanka relations, as it is for Sri Lanka.
He spoke in detail about the progress being made in various urban development initiatives in Madhya Pradesh.
This will be achieved by utilizing funds available in schemes such as MNREGA and Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana.
This dawn is also the dawn of the dreams of the one hundred twenty five Crore Indian Citizens.
Commissioning of the EQUIPMENT, f.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
In Lucknow, the Prime Minister will deliver an address at the 6th convocation of the Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University.
The Prime Minister spoke of the need to fulfil the dreams of the freedom fighters by the 75th year of independence in 2022.
Both leaders witnessed the exchange of the contract between the Department of Atomic Energy of India and the Novoi Minerals and Metallurgical Company of the Republic of Uzbekistan on long-term supply of Uranium Ore Concentrate for India’s energy requirements.
Friends, our Government is of the firm belief, that we can use this power of twenty-first century technology to eradicate poverty and disease.
The Government would provide net present value of the interest subsidy of 3 percent to the National Housing Bank upfront which will, in turn, pass it to the Primary Lending Institutions (Scheduled Commercial Banks, NBFCs etc.).
A Bilateral agreement was signed between Punjab and J&K in Jan, 1979.
India and Germany are large democracies, major economies and important players in regional and global affairs.
Sister Nivedita, whom we also know as Bhagini Nivedita, was one such extraordinary person.
(ii) To increase coverage of the loans covered under the credit guarantee scheme from Rs. 1 crore to Rs. 2 crore;
There is ample evidence that practicing yoga helps combat stress and chronic conditions.
So far, over 681 scientists including 576 from India and 105 from 34 other countries have been trained at this centre in various aspects of operational oceanography.
Cooperation Agreement in the Fertilizers Sector between the Russian Direct Investment Fund” (“RDIF”); PJSC Phosagro (PhosAgro) and Indian Potash Limited (IPL)
The targets for construction of roads and laying of railways have been increased manifold.
“Today, a day after Diwali, Gujaratis mark the start of a New Year.
· Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Education – 10 July (Cape Town)
6.Seminar on Opportunities for Industry in Defence & Aerospace to sensitize participants about opportunities in defence and aeronautics in Gujarat, and to deliberate on a way forward for India and Gujarat to emerge as a manufacturing hub for defence and aeronautics.
The need of the hour is to ensure that we make maximum use of the time in this session.
Regarding the Japanese Industrial Townships (JITs), METI and DIPP exchanged the progress reports on the implemented actions and major achievements for promotion of JITs including, but not limited to, infrastructure development, promotional activities, fiscal incentives, improvement in Ease of Doing Business and human resource development.
At present Oil Marketing Companies are in the process of setting up twelve 2G bio refineries with an investment of around Rs.10,000 crore.
We have launched a programme to provide high-speed broad-band internet to all rural areas by March 2019.
“Today on Earth Day, we bow in reverence to Mother Earth.
This may require clothing of greater width than the normal size used in our country.
He was an archer, and a pundit of Gurmukhi, BrajBhasha, Sanskrit, Persian, Hindi and Urdu and many other languages.
For him, the path to achieving those goals passes through Israel.
The existing Noida Metro Rail Corporation Limited (NMRCL) which is a State owned Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) will be converted into a joint SPV of Government of India (Gol) and Government of Uttar Pradesh (GoUP), for implementation of the project.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Jordan on cooperation in the field of Health & Medical Science.
The Prime Minister also said that India and UK are natural partners in the global fight against terrorism, and urged the Parliamentarians to continue to raise their collective voice against terrorism, extremism and radicalization.
He emphasized that the government is committed to the wellbeing of the elderly population.
Shri Narendra Modi will also inaugurate a Steel Processing Unit of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), at Kandrori, Kangra.
I appeal to the countrymen to do this.
Will this thing be enough?
The joint stamps were released in June 2018.
• Ministry of Women & Child Development proposed to enhance Maternity Benefit to 8 months.
The year 2022 marks 75th anniversary of India’s independence.
Hence the reins of leadership of this new era have to be in your hands, just as the movement for freedom was led by those lawyers.
He said those that deal only in lies, are casting aspersions on the Defence Ministry, on the Air Force, and even on a foreign government.
c) The Agreement seeks to enhance the ‘implementation of the Convention’ whilst reflecting the principles of equity and common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities, in the light of different national circumstances.
This is the first time since Independence that an integrated Civil Aviation Policy has been brought out by the Ministry of Civil Aviation.
The Prime Minister stressed on the importance of waste water management and rooftop rainwater harvesting.
In that regard, the two Leaders called for enhanced cooperation including through greater exchange of information and intelligence between the two sides.
The Prime Minister also spoke of how the life and ideals of Lord Rama continue to inspire everyone.
Students asked the Prime Minister how studies could be made more fun, and how exams could improve one’s personality.
To promote understanding and love of science in our youth, it is vital that we promote science communication in a big way.
It remains a huge bottleneck.
India is confident that our defence forces are prepared to deter and defeat any misadventure.
Ms. Abeer Aoudeh, Minister of National Economy
At the outset, I wish to convey our deepest condolences and sympathies for the victims of the devastating forest fires in Portugal last week.
India complimented Russia for successful organization of the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Joint Working Group based on the MOC between MAFF and MoEF&CC
It will further facilitate competition, efficiency in operations and improvement in quality of supply of electricity.
Mentioning key areas where CSIR could take the lead in providing breakthroughs, the Prime Minister spoke of sickle cell anaemia among the tribal people, defence equipment manufacturing, life-saving equipment for the jawans, innovations related to solar energy, and innovations related to the agriculture sector.
An amount of Rs. 835.695 crore has been released to the State under the National Disaster Response Fund (NDRF), after adjustments of the State balances.
They were aware of the consequences of fighting against the law.
However, there is still a long way to go for our securities and commodity markets.
He said that with DAV’s huge strength of students and alumni, if they resolve to work on certain issues, they can together achieve significant results in a short span of time.
The Prime Minister also unveiled an e plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of a Hydro Engineering College at Bilaspur, Himachal Pradesh.
In addition, 20 Aircraft are also being used for ferrying resources.
Today there are landmark efforts, being embarked upon for waterways and ports in our country.
He recalled how on Netaji’s call, many youths from the Andaman had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
Ethical values of personal restraint in consumption and environmental consciousness are deeply rooted in Asian philosophical traditions, especially in Hinduism and Buddhism.
This MoU will facilitate:
I was told that a few days ago, in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, over three lakh people came together to work for the sanitation campaign.
The Prime Minister said that the teachings of the Vedas, which describe the entire world as one nest, or one home, are reflected in the values of Visva Bharati University.
For the Sufis, therefore, service to God meant service to humanity.
1. Bring all existing allied and healthcare professionals on board during thefirst few of years from the date of establishment of the Council.
From remote villages to Metro cities, from farmers to young professionals … the array just prompted me to embark upon this journey of ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
We are also familiar with the cluster based approach for the development of the industry in our country.
There is another key area, where media can play an important role.
He said projects such as roads, infuse new energy in the lives of the people.
However continuous pushing makes the vehicle accelerates ahead with momentum.
Tomorrow, 29th August is the birth anniversary of hockey wizard Dhyan Chand.
The entire domain of maritime and coastal security is therefore mature for deeper engagement between our two countries.
Efforts have to be comprehensive and ‘outcome driven’, not ‘output driven’, the Prime Minister said.
Even today breaking the shackles Social orthodoxy is so difficult.
To deepen cultural and people-to-people relations by providing for institutionalized cooperation in fields of Music and Dance, Theatre, Art Exhibitions, Archives, Anthropology, Mass Media Programmes and Museum Exhibits.
He added that India achieved independence after lots of sacrifices and it is the duty of citizens to preservethat independence.
One, Economic reforms are taking place at a speed and a scale not known so far.
b) Exchanging media publications, tourism related films, and encourage exchanging of visits between experts and tourism media representatives in the States of the Parties.
With this round of reforms, we are among the most open economies in the world.
The Prime Minister assured all possible assistance to the State.
Intolerant non-state actors now control large territories where they are unleashing barbaric violence on innocent people.
The MOU will help the Academy to disseminate some of its experience in running a training institution for higher civil services in the country to NIPAM.
To promote electronic manufacturing in India, Government has started the Electronic Manufacturing Cluster (EMC) scheme, through which 23 EMCs are being opened in 15 states.
The civil nuclear cooperation agreement with Australia was brought into force on 13 November 2015 along with the Administrative Arrangement for implementing the Agreement.
He said emerging fields, including Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Internet of Things, Blockchain, and Big Data, can take India to new heights of development, and improve the quality of life of its citizens.
Additional 10% rate of Profit Petroleum/ Production Level Payment (PLP) in case of CBM contract, over and above the existing rate of Profit Petroleum/PLP is to be shared with Government on new discoveries.
In commemoration of that historic visit, the Mahatma Gandhi International Centre was set up with Government of India assistance at Matale in 2015.
If Amma was here today, in our midst, she would have been very happy to see the work done by the labourers and would have extended her good wishes.
Immediate protection of rescued victims and their rehabilitation.
The Maha Milaawat or adulteration government will remain hostage to individual egos and dynastic ambitions.
I also said in Paris that innovation is important not just for combating climate change, but also for climate justice.
It was the right thing to do.
And I say this because it is of utmost importance to preserve this essence.
Because of life style, because of the mad race to achieve success and because of increasing responsibilities, leading a stress- free life has become very difficult.
It is a major global challenge of our times.
I will live for them, I will die for them.
Tripura and Meghalaya are now out of the purview of the Armed Forces Special Power Act.
He stressed that while there should be respect for the rule of law among all citizens, and even fear of the long arm of the law for those who evade taxes, people should not fear tax administrators.
Best practices from grass root level in the rural areas for Swachh Bharat will be shared by them.
Both leaders underscored their strong commitment to address issues related to Climate Change being discussed in the Paris conference through constructive engagement, without impeding the progress of developing countries.
The organic neem coating makes the fertilizer unsuitable for diversion.
Recurring grants to these institute has also been approved @ Rs 5 Lakh per student per year for 5 years.
They welcomed the adoption by consensus of the General Assembly Decision 69/560 to use the text presented by the President of the 69th General Assembly in his letter dated 31 July 2015 as the basis for negotiations within the IGN.
23 January 2019 – Valedictory Session & Pravasi Bharatiya Samman Awards by the President of India.
MoU on Defence Cooperation
Noting that the Union Government is going to complete four years of assuming office in a few months, he said that a definite change is now visible.
Giving the examples of the Jan Dhan Yojana, the construction of toilets, and rural electrification, the Prime Minister said nothing is impossible in our country if we have a firm resolve.
i) Drugs & Pharmaceutical products;
The number of martyrs covered in this volume is more than 1400.
He said the investment of about Rs. 5000 crore, would not only strengthen Samsung’s business links with India, but is also significant in the context of the relationship between India and Korea.
This year, the Ministry of Human Resource Development had revised the guidelines for the selection of Teachers for National Awards.
Naturally, there is a new momentum in India’s historic relations with Oman.
I have also proposed an international solar alliance of 122 solar-rich countries, which French President Hollande and I will launch in Paris on November 30.
Yoga will be helpful for especially our young friends, in maintaining a healthy lifestyle and protecting them from lifestyle disorders.
He said that while a mother gives birth, it is the teacher who actually provides life.
I take this opportunity to once again extend a cordial invitation to you and your family to pay an official visit to India.
Foreign investment is up 40%.
Together, we have also given new direction and added more momentum and content to our strategic partnership.
I am happy to note that the National Institute of Securities Markets is performing the role of educating various participants and providing skill certification.
The event has been organized for the mass chanting of these shlokas in unison.
The cost of assistance provided shall be shared between the Government of India and the State Government/UT Administration concerned on 50:50 basis.
They, by their diligence, are powering positive changes in the lives of others in myriad ways.
Just last Sunday, the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi that was announced in this year’s Budget was launched.
He also mentioned the two books on Prime Minister’s Awards, and on Initiatives in Aspirational Districts, which were released today.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Gram Swaraj Abhiyan has emerged as a new model for implementation of schemes.
Life goes completely topsy-turvy as a result of the floods.
ISRO will collaborate extensively with National agencies, laboratories, academia and industry to accomplish the Gaganyaan Programme objectives.
I had just assumed charge as Gujarat CM and had accompanied Atal ji to Russia.
There was a time when elders in a family knew more than those who were younger.
It addresses issues that are very close to my heart.
India has often witnessed high inflation.
Your strength is our belief.
Jhansi is one of the six nodal points of the UP defence corridor.
“Congratulations & best wishes to Mahabodhi International Meditation Centre, Leh Ladakh on Mahakaruna Diwas 2017 celebrations.
Discusses collaboration in trade, technology, skill development and renewable energy with the Swiss President.
The Prime Minister visited an exhibition on the theme “technology and rural life.”
When we work with the motto of ‘Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas’ we are deeply motivated by Guru Ravidas Ji’s emphasis on serving every human, especially the poor.
The EU looks forward to India’s possible participation in escorting World Food Program vessels in the near future.
The intangible benefits from improvement in housing condition are gains in labour productivity and positive health benefits.
The Rashtriya Bal Puraskar awards have been given in two categories: Bal Shakti Puraskar to individuals; and Bal Kalyan Puraskar to institutions/individuals working for children.
He discussed the situation with Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Ms. Jayalalithaa.
Sharing his vision for Indian agriculture, with farmers at the Krishi Unnati Mela in New Delhi today, the Prime Minister said that while this task may be challenging, there can be no doubt that this is an objective worth aiming for.
Rape is painful.
I appreciate the invitation to be the Guest of Honour at this year’s Forum.
He said that those who are cheating the system will have to be dealt with toughness, so that the hands of the poor are strengthened.
The validation for this has happened much before the global target date of December 2015.
We must fully incorporate the power of digital networks and space assets into our capabilities.
The finalised list will be published. iii.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for extending the validity of the existing Central Order dated 27.10.2016 in respect of sugar for a further period of six months from 29.04.2017 to 28.10.2017.
He said this is extremely important for India, as an emerging and vibrant economy.
It will provide a global platform, to bring together ministers, leaders from the corporate world, senior policy makers, heads of international institutions and academia from around the world to further the cause of economic development in the state and promote cooperation.
India is getting increasingly aspirational
The delegation, in one voice, supported wholeheartedly the campaign launched by the Prime Minister against corruption and black money.
I disagree with this thought.
It will be the first ever University in Ladakh region, established under University of Ladakh Act 2018.
The Prime Minister handed over keys of houses to beneficiaries under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban, as well as Rural).
You have probably known Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore till date as a writer and a musician.
The severe limitations in our conflict resolution mechanisms are becoming more and more obvious.
He added that today India is demographically the youngest country in the world, with young dreams full of energy.
Aayan Kumar Banerjee from Devi Tola village of North 24 Parganas in West Bengal in his comment on My Gov has written – “We celebrate Rabindra Jayanti every year but many people are not aware of the Nobel Laureate Rabindra Nath’s philosophy of living peacefully, aesthetically and with integrity.
The Car festival of Lord Jagannath, the Rath Yatra, is being celebrated in several parts of the country with great piety and fervour.
Work Plan for the year 2019-21 between Indian Council of Agriculture Research Republic of India and the State Secretary of Agro industry of the Ministry of Production and Labour of the Argentine Republic within the MoU signed in 2006.
You can make a short film even with your mobile phone.
The foundation stone of the ISA Headquarters was laid at Gwal Pahari, Guragaon in Haryana.
He also opened my eyes to its vast prospects.
This, in turn, will result in economic development and employment generation.
He said Indian workers were fondly remembered in various parts of the world where they had completed many prestigious projects.
NASSCOM has also identified fifty-five job roles that are going to be in high demand globally.
The 1st PBD was celebrated on 9th January, 2003 in New Delhi.
In the true spirit of cooperative and competitive federalism, our State Governments have also aligned with the efforts of the Union Government to simplify processes and procedures.
He had advance information that Chandra ShekharJi was about to tender his resignation.
To remove one Modi, see who all they are trying to bring together:
Savarkar marched alongwith both poetry and revolution.
This would facilitate member countries to share knowledge and also implement joint programmes on .matter of Labour and Employment, Social Security and Social dialogue.
My best wishes for a fruitful & motivating tenure.
How do we rejuvenate our traditional heritage which was lying inactive for 20, 25 or 30 years?
i. The National Electoral Council of Ecuador;
I am sure reverberations of the spirit of football will be heard all around.
But, there is much more that we can do to increase the flow of goods, services, capital and human resources between our two economies.
Yesterday was the festival of Onam.
Scope us data wise indicates that India is positioned among the top five nations of the world in terms of the number of scientific publications.
• a scheme was introduced for declaring black money after paying a stiff penalty;
Mawlyynong village in Meghalaya, the cleanest village, and the entire state of Sikkim, including Gangtok, have become major tourist attractions.
The Stand Up India Scheme provides for:
In India, the ‘housing for all’ programme and ‘smart cities’ initiative represent such opportunities.
It was signed between Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), India and the Cyber Security Department, Ministry of Public Security, Vietnam on 3rd September 2016 at Hanoi.
The Prime Minister was given a series of presentations over nearly two hours, by senior officials, on the outcomes of various theme sessions during the meet.
Hailing the visionary leadership of PM Modi, the Czech PM appreciated the rapid growth of Indian economy and huge opportunities for enhancing bilateral trade & investment relations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO scientists, on the successful launch of the tenth flight of India’s Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle GSLV-F05, carrying an advanced weather satellite ‘INSAT -3DR’.
My dear countrymen, certain things touch me very deeply and my heart bows in respect to those who visualize such heartwarming initiatives.
The Joint Venture Companies would be formed with equity participation of Ministry of Railways and concerned State Governments.
The spirit of African humanism , UBUNTU , should reflect in your business ethos.
About 81% progress of civil work and 55% of overall financial progress of the project have been achieved.
States governments across the country need to act fast and decide what would be the location of the land to build such housing units.
The Prime Minister said that the ASEAN region is very important for India.
The programme may be repeated in subsequent years with mutual consultation and after agreement on both sides.
This, in a way, is a movement on preventive health care.
May the spirit of Maharishi Aurobindo and the Divine Mother, continue to guide Auroville to the eventual fulfilment of its lofty founding vision.
By 31st March, 2016, Chandigarh will be declared kerosene-free.
The Prime Minister received President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka, at Indore airport.
We should do all the work that is possible on that day.
He said that the world must know more about Bapu, and it is our responsibility to pursue this objective.
The BIA is likely to increase investment flows between the parties.
Mr. Roberto Azevệdo, Director General (DG) of the WTO, who is in New Delhi to attend the informal meeting of Ministers of WTO, called on the Prime Minister of India today.
The results of these efforts are now evident.
Mentioning the National Health Policy, the Prime Minister said that affordable healthcare and prevention of diseases are also high on the Government’s agenda.
He described the work being done by the Centre as a “great service to humanity.”
We have to leave this ‘Chalta Hai’ attitude.
Enhanced Tax incentive would attract large scale investments in the sector and reform in labour law in view of seasonal nature of the sector will support economies of scale.
It is my belief that you will surely publicise and spread awareness about this quiz.
In fact, Kautilya in his‘Artha Shastra,’ had suggested confiscation of illegitimate income as one of the punishments for corrupt public servants.
HCT and ICAI will encourage faculty and student exchange programmes;
Seminar on Opportunities for Industry in Defence & Aerospace
I firmly believe that it is only my government and Excellency Sheikh Hasina,your government, that can and will find an early solution to Teesta Water Sharing.
to have courage to think differently,
The Prime Minister also inaugurated the Sahibganj Sewerage Treatment Plant, and the Madhusudan Ghat, under the NamamiGange initiative.
With increase in the volume of trading in securities market, and clients in the insurance sector, it is likely that the grievances will also increase.
Today, technology is advancing citizen empowerment and democracy that once drew their strength from Constitutions.
He inspected a tri-services guard of honour on arrival at the Air Force Station in Jodhpur.
95. We acknowledge the 2nd BRICS Seminar on Governance 2018 in Johannesburg, while recognising the intention of Brazil to hold the 3rd meeting in 2019 with greater and more diverse participation of academia and thinktanks of all BRICS countries.
His life, struggle and contribution to the creation of Bangladesh will continue to inspire future generations.
2) In today’s age, in accordance with democratic traditions, we will encourage involvement of civil society with citizen activities.
The scheme has been announced in the Budget Speech 2018-19.
Efficiency has gone up by 30 percent.
5. Procurement of generic and essential drugs and assistance in sourcing of drug supplies;
Working towards creation of Andaman Sea tourism by improving connectivity between Sabang Island and Port Blair as well as Havelock Island in Andaman for promotion of sail tourism, cruise ships, marine adventure sports, diving and wellness tourism.
Let me give you an example.
During a review of the progress of the e-NAM initiative, officials mentioned that e-NAM which began in April 2016 with 21 mandis spread over 8 states, has now expanded to 250 mandis spread over 10 states.
People can send messages to soldiers on the Narendra Modi App, through MyGov.in, and also through All India Radio.
My dear countrymen, I feel delighted to learn that the awareness about how to use technology, making e-payments, making online payments is spreading very fast.
Congress questions the EC and EVM but Modi is destroying institutions.
I congratulate Rail Minister Suresh Prabhu, on presenting a thoughtful budget for the dynamic Railways of a progressive nation.
• Cooperation in the development of automation and implementation of modernization projects
Today, our Special Strategic and Global Partnership is marked by a growing convergence of economic and strategic issues.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to President Pranab Mukherjee on the occasion of his birthday.
As we see now, distance is no insulation from challenges.
Mr. Bimalendra Nidhi, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Home Affairs of Nepal called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
We are eager to work with Malaysia, Singapore and other ASEAN countries in this regard.
They also called upon all countries to work towards eliminating terrorist safe havens and infrastructure, in disrupting terrorist networks and financing channels, and stopping cross-border terrorism.
In the cricket series against England, India has triumphed 4-0.
Under his leadership, the country proudly grew in stature in the field of nuclear power also.
d. Aviation associated consultations, joint organization and/or conduct of conferences and professional seminars, workshops, talks and other such activities on aviation safety with the participation of representatives from the Parties related to the field of civil aviation; and / or
I congratulate the North Eastern Council for organizing the run.
Even a common man is able to access inflow of funds through Mudra.
In our country, close to 3 crore women become pregnant every year but some of these mothers die during childbirth.
Now the Indian carriers can operate to any points in Serbia from points in India.
Free Drugs Service Initiative:
In an event organized at the 5th Battalion Camp at Indirapuram in Ghaziabad, the Prime Minister will review the parade of the Central Industrial Security Forces.
● If you want to increase your VC funding by 20 percent, tell the investors that you are operating in the “fintech space”.
We see problems in daily life.
We owe to ancient Afghanistan the gift of one of the great characters of Mahabharata, Gandhari.
The Prime Minister said that India has the capacity to give the world the manpower it requires.
The MoU will provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector with its Korean counterpart.
Upto a billion units of hydropower are also expected to be generated annually.
I am sure I will visit Jerusalem.
Under the MoU, a Joint-Working Group (JWG) will be constituted to prepare/finalize Work Plan for the next two years while specifying task/ activities to be undertaken during that period.
The voluntary and participative effort by officers and staff of the PMO, under the guidance of Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, Shri Nripendra Misra, also resulted in the cleaning and beautification of lawns at the western entrance of PMO, removal of scrap and dismantled material, and disposal of e-waste.
• India has consistently been ranked as the most attractive investment destination by several global agencies and institutions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today stressed on the importance of “women-led development,” in his address at the valedictory session of the National Conference of Women Legislators, in the Central Hall of Parliament.
In this, the performance of some of the younger players deserves a special word of praise.
NBCC and HSCL will benefit from each other’s resources and expertise.
He urged the officer trainees to keep in touch with their batchmates from other services, in course of their career, so that they could always keep abreast of developments at home.
It wanted not just an independent India, but an India that could stand independently on the strength of its human resources, scientific capabilities and industrial development.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagged off the Tiranga Yatra on 9th August from the birth place of the freedom fighter Chandrashekhar Azad in Madhya Pradesh.
This change brought about two important changes in India’s politics.
He said that there is real potential in the rural areas and we should continue nurturing those talents.He added that the outside world is unaware of the day-to-day struggles, a sports person has to go through.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he is delighted to be in the “Veer Bhumi” of Mewar.
Their work, life, entrepreneurship and resolve will motivate us.
The meeting was attended by trustees: Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, Shri Lal Krishna Advani, Shri Amit Shah, Shri Keshubhai Patel, Shri P.K. Laheri, Shri J.D. Parmar and Shri Harsh Neotia.
“Navy Day greetings to all valorous personnel of the Indian Navy and their families.
Background:-
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi was deeply anguished by the loss of lives due to the derailment of coaches of the Seemanchal Express.
In a country’s history, there come moments when every person feels he too should be part of that moment, that he too should make his contribution to the country’s progress.
First, East Asia Summit must continue to support the evolution of an inclusive, balanced, transparent and open regional architecture for security and cooperation.
The Prime Minister urged senior officers to ensure that experience does not become a burden that stifles innovation of younger officers.
The financial resources necessary to conduct research, training courses, conferences / meetings will be met from the existing allocated budget and existing plan schemes of the National Medicinal Plants Board, Ministry of AYUSH.
To address the potential shortage of masons training for masons will be undertaken as an ongoing process. x.
New and emerging technologies like Artificial Intelligence and Robotics are perhaps the most important determinants/ of defensive and offensive capabilities for any defence force in the future.
From one end of the country to the other, Rameshwaram, the ocean begins here; and such a massive crowd reflects that how much respect you had for Dr. Abdul Kalam and how you want to dedicate yourself for the bright future of the country.
Technological progress had accelerated manifold.
Apart from the above, NEC is also implementing “North Eastern Road Sector Development Scheme – Programme Component” for upgradation of the important and strategic inter-state roads.
He will lay the Foundation Stone for four 500-bedded hospitals at Hazaribagh, Dumka, Palamu and Jamshedpur.
He reiterated that small businesses must register with the GST network, to take advantage of business opportunities.
The lives of these people can inspire us not to waste food.
The event is open to the public and entry is free.
Ensuring delivery of rights and services to the deprived by the Government is also a way of protecting interests of the consumers.
Cultural Exchange Programme with Cambodia for the year 2018-2022.
In our choices and through our actions, we have sought to overcome barriers to our outreach to West and Central Asia, and eastwards to Asia-Pacific.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of good teachers in society.
Mediation is one such mechanism, the potential of which has not been utilized much in the country.
I am happy to join you today, through Video Conferencing, at the Annual International Yoga Festival.
The Chief Minister said that one quintal of rice has been kept with each Panchayat, to ensure that no one starves in the villages.
He asked me, “How many hours do you sleep?”
The Prime Minister said the combination of development and good governance is essential for the welfare and satisfaction of citizens.
If we collectively strive to do it with eternal vigilance , it surely can be flushed out.
And, therefore, I will just reiterate to you, my countrymen, what I had said that very day, that the guilty will certainly be punished.
CBI has been effectively assisting the Indian law enforcement agencies and their foreign counterparts in overcoming the barriers that complicate the exchange of investigative information.
It will support ‘Startup India’ and ‘Skill India’ by channeling technology and delivering knowhow, and foster entrepreneurship, generating large scale employment opportunities.
The MoU was signed on 08.07.2016.
I am happy to note that the State Government has announced 19th June as the reading day.
It means removing unnecessary controls and distortions.
Mr. Bill Gates was appreciative of the work done in India in the field of renewable energy and emphasized to the need to lower the cost of clean energy to the level of hydrocarbons.
The role of Tariff Authority for Major Ports [TAMP] has been redefined.
We are raising fuel standards for automobiles.
He said that along with the Green Revolution and White Revolution, we must stress on Organic Revolution, Water Revolution, Blue Revolution, and Sweet Revolution.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people, on the auspicious occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi.
This means a pollution-free clean drive, leading to clean air and better living standards for our people.
While Science is universal, technology must be local for providing solutions relevant to local needs and conditions,” the Prime Minister said.
Young India feels “Anything is possible!
Your feedback and suggestions will be very helpful in restructuring our Lines of Credit.
In the recent past, there has been discussions with all the Political Parties individually and collectively.
And, it is providing jobs to everyone who needs it or wants it.
Shri Narendra Modi will visit the Shri Jagannath Temple in Puri.
• support development of next generation and climate resistant infrastructure.
Joint Research Promotion and exchange of students and faculties between the two institutions.
“We are really proud of the victory of Kidambi Srikanth in the Australian Open.
This is an India that will return the damage done by terrorists with interest.
We salute all those martyred in Uri.
Congratulations to bhaiGurbachan Singh ji !
Implementation strategy:
He will inaugurate the Mundra LNG terminal, the Anjar-Mundra Pipeline Project and the Palanpur-Pali-Barmer pipeline project.
Slowly the world was moving; gradually the world was changing itself.
The MoU provides a mechanism for cooperation, collaboration and maximum synergy amongst BRICS member countries with the common objective of inclusive growth and shared prosperity in the newindustrial revolution.
Large numbers are enjoying a quality of life unparalleled in human history.
In the run up to the start of the Vibrant Gujarat Summit scheduled to be held during January 18-20, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Global Trade Show at the Exhibition centre.
i) To provide partial compensation for the wage loss in terms of cash incentives so that the woman can take adequate rest before and after delivery of the first living child.
Let us re-dedicate ourselves to making Afghanistan a Geography of Peace.
National programmes of Clean Ganga, Renewable Energy, Digital India, Smart Cities, Housing for All and Skill India are laying the basis for clean, green and inclusive development.
I try to learn from whatever they are doing or whatever they are thinking.
The Prime Minister recalled Maharaja Suheldev, as a brave warrior, and a hero who inspires the people.
And as a representative of the 1.25 Crore people, with the resolution of 2022, I believe that we shall continue to bring those results.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Agra in Uttar Pradesh tomorrow on 9 January, 2019.
In 1924 Rabindra Nath Tagore wrote some poems in Bangla on the City and Villages.
Ladies and Gentlemen.
He said that the Government is working towards cleansing the system of such elements.
It is very difficult to express ones happiness if arising out of political factors.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the permanent transfer of land measuring 1899 sq.m. by Airports Authority of India (AAI) to Lucknow Metro Rail Corportion (LMRC) at Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport, Lucknow.
More than Rs. 1.75 lakh crores deposited in the banks is under the scanner.
What can you do for the country by then?
Regular interaction with governments is required, he added.
Mother and Child Tracking System (MCTS) / Reproductive and Child Health (RCH) portal
IMF should remain a quota based institution and not depend on borrowed resources.
Over 22 lakh rural BPL households were electrified in 2016-17, and over 40 crore LED bulbs were distributed in the same period.
We could collectively try and stop open defecation in so many blocks and so many districts.
Due to sustained diplomatic efforts, since May 2014, more than nineteen hundred fishermen have been released by Sri Lankan authorities.
But, Singapore’s success also lies in the harmony of its multi-cultural society, in the celebration of its diversity, which under-lies a distinct and unique Singaporean identity.
He said that honest decision making with good intention would always be encouraged by the Union Government.
IMF Chief has recently said that India is among few bright spots in global economy today.
Creation of regular posts in the place of “in situ” promotions will ensure more transparency in cadre management.
This will ensure that while we are working towards conserving our environment, we also safe-guard our most vulnerable areas.
9. Ambitious targets have been set that includes key health indicators and others to spur performance.
He said that other places too would be linked through ferries.
He offered prayers at Sree PadmanabhaSwamy Temple.
He urged all present to maximize its use in the interest of good governance.
Our youth are coming forward in areas like skill development, innovation and entrepreneurship and are achieving success.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condoled the loss of lives due to a fire at Karol Bagh in Delhi.
Efforts must be made to increase natural gas production while also creating import infrastructure to meet the growing domestic demand.
We would also build partnerships in areas such as harnessing waste for energy, small wind turbines and zero emission buildings.
The MoU aims to create an effective framework for bilateral cooperation in the field of Road Transportation, Roads/Highways infrastructure development, management and administration, Road safety and Intelligent Transport Systems between both countries.
It is my privilege to be dedicating the Tuirial Hydropower Project to the nation at tomorrow’s programme in Aizawl.
Today, India is not just united, but draws strength from its diversity.
The Prime Minister said that the PM Jan Arogya Yojana, launched from Jharkhand three months ago, is today providing medical assistance to lakhs of poor.
Other Areas
The Government and Public Sector Undertakings conduct a number of recruitment examinations.
They now inspire a new generation of women entrepreneurs.
The National Mission on Transformative Mobility and Battery Storage will determine the contours of PMP, and will finalise the details of such a program.
In his meeting with President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan on Thursday, the Prime Minister congratulated Kazakhstan for membership of the UN Security Council in 2017-18.
Together, we can build a great economic partnership of the new age.
Redemption of fractional quantity (for which a standard gold bar/coin is not available) would be paid in cash.
Kerosene quotas were stopped for 42,000 families who already had gas connections.
It was in the month of June 2015 that I had the opportunity of welcoming you in India.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 500 biggest companies in the world, one-fourth belong to the public sector in some country.
The Chief Minister informed the Prime Minister that the State is focusing on Climate Resilient Agriculture; and has proposed a Climate Resistant Agriculture Modernization Project for a World Bank loan, to ensure water security at the farm level.
We are also setting up Electronics Development Fund to support design, development and launch of new products.
Mr. Prime Minister, I am deeply honoured that you have joined us here.
The delegation was led by the Chairman of the All Jammu and Kashmir Panchayat Conference, Shri Shafiq Mir.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will launch the India Post Payments Bank (IPPB) at Talkatora Stadium in New Delhi on September 1st, 2018.
The private entrepreneurs/ cooperative bodies/ joint ventures will be invited by the respective state Governments for oil palm plantation in their state.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the programme as an illustration of Indian traditions.
The Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance, Bill 2017 when enacted, will pave the way for setting up of the Resolution Corporation.
· The Government of India will support the reconstruction of approximately 1400 houses fully damaged due to Cyclone Ockhi, on priority, under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (PMAY).
You may be aware of the fact that inside Red Fort, many chambers and structures lay locked & unused for several decades after Independence.
This confidence of mine is not formed in a vacuum, but founded on my experience over the last 19 months.
He said this would result in increased demand of handicrafts, and also boost the tourism potential of Varanasi, and indeed the economy of the city.
May this new year bring peace, prosperity and happiness in everyone’s lives.
Gujarat is the land of Lothal; how can we forget these aspects of our history, he added.
Our joint efforts:
Cyprus and India share rich legacies of ancient civilizations and, our civilizations have influenced each other through millennia.
And, more than a hundred years ago , as Swami Vivekananda reached the shores of Japan, he exhorted the Indian youth to go east to Japan.
The implementation and furtherance of such a phenomenal change on such a monumental scale, with the involvement of so many tens of millions of people in such a vast country, is in itself a pinnacle of success.
“I bow to Bhagwan Birsa Munda on his Jayanti.
Those businessmen who adopt digital transactions, who develop online payment process instead of cash transactions in their trade activities will get Income Tax rebate.
The Union Cabinet has approved the proposal for Extension of tenure of the National Commission for Safai Karmacharis (NCSK) beyond 31.3.2019 for three years.
A vision of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, NRTI is focused on transport-related education, multidisciplinary research and training.
The continuation of the Mission would enable all adults/households of the country to have atleast a basic bank account with access to other financial services, social security schemes and overdraft upto Rs. 10,000.
India has emerged as a surrogacy hub for couples from different countries and there have been reported incidents concerning unethical practices, exploitation of surrogate mothers, abandonment of children born out of surrogacy and rackets of intermediaries importing human embryos and gametes.
It is indeed a matter of happiness and privilege that I am amidst you on such a historical day.
I am also happy to state that we have decided to release 40 citizens of Myanmar who are currently lodged in the jails of India.
Financial support to trainees will be given in the form of travel allowance, boarding and lodging costs.
In his actions and thoughts Dr Kalam always reflected the simplicity, depth and calmness of Rameswaram.
More than 120,000 village councils in India have already been connected by nearly 300,000 kilometres of fibre optic cables.
The Prime Minister mentioned the Make in India programme and the fact that foreign investment was being promised.
From the point of larger scale of operations and higher value addition, an investor is also attracted by a large domestic market size, availability of skilled labour and good physical infrastructure.
He also stressed on the need for them to develop a national vision.
Today, over 6,000 Indians serve in five peacekeeping operations in Africa.
Through the Indian Community Welfare Fund we have assisted more than eighty thousand Indian nationals abroad/ who were in contingency situations.
Today, India offers a ray of hope for those who are concerned with environmental issues and global warming.
The Prime Minister said that the discussions and inputs involved both junior and senior officers, from across the country, and this had helped break silos, which is a significant achievement.
Both sides noted the recent joint manoeuvres (PASSEX) between the EU Naval Force and the Indian Navy off the coast of Somalia, as a successful example of naval cooperation.
He said that efforts should be made to convert this mission into a Jan-Andolan (Mass Movement).
The role of SlCI is of facilitating fellowships and collaborative research initiatives that focus principally on the aspects that bring advantage to Indian-Canadian institutions and academics.
The Prime Minister recalled that he has been visiting soldiers on Diwali, ever since he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat.
Please come forward, let us further intensify our efforts by keeping our responsibility in the mind.
Moreover, the concurrent jurisdiction to be exercised by the Centre in Jammu & Kashmir has also not been provided for, in the Collection of Statistics Act, 2008.
And as a trainee journalist he had worked with DharamvirBharati.
One them is that family is very important to both of us.
So far, pregnant women in 53 districts were being given financial assistance of 4000 rupees, under a pilot project.
Addressing the enthusiastic and vociferous gathering, the Prime Minister conveyed his greetings from Lucknow to all those joining the Yoga Day celebrations across India.
But by 2013, India had become one of the “fragile five” global economies.
The Panchayats will directly monitor activities pertaining to 19 departments/subjects and carry out audits of government schemes and projects.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has strongly condemned the horrific blasts in Sri Lanka.
I have participated in Thuglak’s annual readers’ meet before, in person in Chennai.
We would also be commemorating it with a joint programme of activities in each others’ countries.
If one devotes the same time and the same creativity in addressing issues pertaining to exams, one would never require any unfair means in the first place.
However, since the Rajya Sabha was adjourned sine die on 13th May, 2015, the Bill could not be discussed and passed by that House and the Bill could not be enacted.
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
Brothers and Sisters, it is with great happiness that I wish to tell you, that I am given to understand that under the aegis of ‘Swachch Bharat Campaign’, the Riyasi Block in Jammu and Kashmir has become completely free of open defecation.
The strategic objective of the Policy is to build a supportive ecosystem through academic and research institutes, industry- academia collaboration and to support and encourage Exploration and Production (E&P) Contractors to deploy ER/IR/UHC Methods/ techniques.
The Prime Minister will also visit Vijay Ghat to offer floral tributes to former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri on his birth anniversary.
“All of India will take care of you,” the Prime Minister said.
You know, India is personally very important to the history of our company here.
See, these are the pathways leading towards change.
Old newspaper clippings confirm this view.
Railway Safety Fund has been set up which will help in ensuring adequate expenditure of funds on rail safety.
Award can only be stayed where the Court passed any specific order on an application filed by the party.
Globally connected societies, digital opportunities, technology shifts, knowledge boom and innovation are leading the march of humanity.
The delegation was led by Shri Shafiq Mir, President of the All Jammu &Kashmir Panchayat Conference.
My favourite scheme is, of course, the मुद्रा scheme that offers micro credit to the poor and the excluded.
He spoke of the possibilities of manufacturing and retailing in India.
26. We acknowledge the outcomes of the 4th BRICS Environment Ministers Meeting which was held under the theme “Strengthening cooperation amongst BRICS on Circular Economy in the context of the Sustainable Consumption and Production (SCP)”.
The Commission will devise its own procedures and formulate modalities necessary for accomplishing the task.
Under Ayushman Bharat Yojana. the Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of the upgradation of SN Medical College in Agra.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Germany on Security Cooperation.
Creating an Enabled World: by sharing and deploying suitable technologies to enhance efficiency, economy and effectiveness; 4.
Today also, you can observe that whenever the countries across the whole world find any kind of obstruction in path of the life, they ultimately look towards India’s culture and civilisation.
Mr. You Young Min, Minister of Science and ICT, RoK
During the auction organized at NGMA, a specially handcrafted wooden bike, received a successful bid of Rs. 5 lakhs.
V.K. Singh, Minister of State for External Affairs and Ambassador of Japan in India Mr. Kenji Hiramatsu.
India will work with partner countries and multilateral development agencies to establish a facility for technical support to post-disaster reconstruction of houses.
The Prime Minister urged the officers not to be overawed by hierarchy, and to be frank and fearless in their interaction with senior officers during the next three months of their attachment as Assistant Secretaries to the Union Government.
India is swiftly changing for the better.
29. Government is continuity and if there are good points in the works done by them, we, with bowed heads will continue that work.
Prime Minister said that Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana has been started with the objective of electrifying each and every house in the country.
Cleanest cities, and best performing States will receive awards from the Prime Minister.
India also welcomed that relevant authorities of India and Japan started discussions for cooperation through ODA loan to promote SDGs in India.
We are reducing post-harvest losses through big investments in warehousing infrastructure and cold chain.
The President and I discussed the need for creating a comprehensive global legal framework, particularly through early conclusion of the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism.
For those who are religiously inclined, Ganga is the path to salvation for them.
The Prime Minister reviewed grievances relating to Railways, especially sanitation related issues, and was briefed on steps being taken to ensure cleanliness, both in Railway Stations, and on trains.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
The meeting was held in an atmosphere of free and frank discussion.
The currents of the mighty ocean have nurtured the ties of kinship, commerce, and culture through centuries.
India is the ideal venue to host a symposium of this nature.
Cash can be transferred even with a phone with ordinary features.
Shri Yudhvir Singh Malik, Secretary, Ministry of Road Transport and Highways
These unorganized labourers were never taken care of.
80,000 crore rupees are being spent to complete pending irrigation projects.
That is why India intends to meet its vast and growing energy needs in as sustainable manner as possible.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lal ji had talked of creating a mass awakening on an extensive scale about the necessary measures to ensure a better income for our farmers and provide better irrigation facilities and to increase food and milk production.
The meetings were held before the Second FIPIC (Forum for India- Pacific Islands Cooperation) Summit in Jaipur today.
My countrymen enjoy sound sleep.
• 2-lane construction of Biharsharif-Barbigha-Mokama section of NH-82
We are also undertaking a joint study of a gas pipeline route between our two countries.
1st May is the foundation day of the states of Gujarat and Maharashtra.
My visits to Malaysia and Singapore are aimed at making our economic ties with these nations stronger and to also strengthen the security cooperation between us.
The MoU will remain in force for a period of five years and will be renewable by mutual written consent between India and Vietnam.
The times have changed.
When an organ moves from one body to another it gets a new life but the person receiving it gets a new lease of life.
The Mission seeks to converge, coordinate, implement and monitor skilling activities on a pan-India basis.
We are delighted that His Highness has come back to India on his second State visit.
South African business excellence and Indian capacities must leverage each other; for growth and development in our two countries.
He will also launch a Local Government Directory.
A Joint Working Group on Public Administration and Governance will be responsible for implementation of the MoU.
The Prime Minister said that Malaysian CEOs have experience and expertise in areas where India has a requirement, and therefore, it is a perfect match.
Indian government will send an official delegation under the leadership of our External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj to represent 125 crore Indians at the canonization ceremony to be held on 4th September.
I am also happy to announce that the vibrant Indian culture, which is already a part of Kenya’s rich society, will be showcased in a Festival of India in Kenya later this year.
It also underscores that India and Afghanistan remain committed to the expeditious realization of seamless two-way connectivity between South Asia and Central Asia.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the establishment of National Institute of Mental Health Rehabilitation (NIMHR) at Bhopal as a Society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 under the aegis of the Department of Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities.
The MoU was signed in three originals each in Hindi, English and French language.
Addressing the large gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he appreciated the participation of a such a large number of people in an official programme related to development.
The Sochi Summit manifested the role of interaction and cooperation between India and Russia in building a multi-polar world order.
But, we also want to see a genuine global public partnership that makes clean energy affordable; provides finance and technology to developing countries to access it; and the means to adapt to the impact of climate change.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of vital infrastructure projects in the railway, road, power and natural gas sectors, spread over several states including Telangana, Odisha, Maharashtra, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Sikkim, West Bengal, Jharkhand and Bihar.
We have set up a Chair for Indian Studies in University of Lisbon.
The joint stamps were released on 25-01-2018.
Many States have taken steps to adopt these through legislation.
He appealed to the informal sector workers earning less than Rs.15000 per month to enroll as beneficiaries in the nearby Common Service Centre.
He said that the DeendayalHastkalaSankul, is now fulfilling its ultimate objective.
It will serve as a hub for rice research and training in South Asia and SAARC region.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the awardees of National Teachers’ Awards, 2017 at Lok Kalyan Marg, on the eve of Teachers’ Day.
· 4th Business to Business (Industry Dialogue) Meeting (Durban)
Can you explain what shaped your worldview?
The answer was a surprise for me.
That is why this government is extending every possible help to the youth who want to do something on their own, who want to fulfill their dreams.
In April 2014, there were 68,000 beneficiaries of subsidized kerosene in Chandigarh.
g) Other areas of cooperation as mutually agreed upon by the Participants.
He laid the foundation stone of Defence Corridor in Jhansi and unveiled various development projects.
This will enable early deployment of GSAT-11 so as to augment Ku-band capacity which can be utilized for various services like VSATS, broadband etc.
He said this is one of many important hospitals that are being set up to improve healthcare facilities in the region.
On the issue of safety of properties and rights, we have already enacted a law for fast tracking of arbitration proceedings.
Senior officials from the Government of India, and the State of Andhra Pradesh, were also present.
The Protocol shall enter into force on the date of notification of completion of the procedures required by the respective laws of the two countries for entry into force of the Protocol.
The Sides noted with satisfaction the progress made by the companies in the development of comprehensive cooperation and expressed the hope for the completion of negotiations on the Vankor cluster at an early date.
The hospital will have 22 Speciality/Super-Speciality Departments including 16 Operation Theaters.
It is said that one literate woman can educate two families.
It is a pleasure for me to be here today to inaugurate this new campus.
He also spoke of the enormous investment potential in India, and encouraged the American investor community to step up investment in the country.
He described Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji as ‘Bharat Marg Vidhata,’ and said he has shown us the way towards development.
During the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Lisbon, the two sides signed MoUs for creation of an India Portugal Space Alliance and for advancing collaborative research.
The notification for bringing into force Article 279A with effect from 12th September, 2016 was issued on 10th September, 2016.
This device provides information in local language.
There are no sanctuaries.
The Commission was originally constituted in 1955 and is re-constituted every three years.
To facilitate investment of Japanese companies in food value chain in State of Uttar Pradesh
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of various projects of the Government of India and Government of Jharkhand, at an event in Sindri.
After the meeting in Tel Aviv last year, we will interact for the second time with our CEOs under the bilateral Forum.
Participants appreciated the pace and drive with which Prime Minister Modi has brought about reform in the energy sector.
There is a need for promotions of perishable cargo export from this region, which will generate employment opportunities directly or indirectly.
We have placed the highest emphasis on Ease of Doing Business.
DGS&D shall be wound up and cease its functions by 31st October, 2017.
In this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk with crores of students from India and abroad, and also with their parents and teachers; a possibility through the aegis of technology.
The Prime Minister said that Chief Ministers of States had played a key role in policy formulation, through sub-groups and committees on issues such as Swachh Bharat Mission, Digital Transactions, and Skill Development.
The PartNIR aims at deepening BRICS cooperation in digitalisation, industrialisation, innovation, inclusiveness and investment, to maximise the opportunities and address the challenges arising from the 4th Industrial Revolution.
i) To promote safe & honourable and sustainable tourism.
H.E. Mrs Nguyen Thị Kim Ngan, President of the National Assembly of Vietnam, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
I must confess, I did not imagine the spontaneous outpouring of support that followed.
We intend to enhance and actively promote greater cooperation between our regions and states, with a particular emphasis on the Far East region of Russia.
On the morning of 8th October, the Prime Minister will arrive in Vadnagar.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the scientists on National Science Day.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the auspicious occasion of Buddha Purnima.
The lease rent will be payable in advance for whole year in the beginning of the calendar year latest by 31st January.
I respectfully bow to all the brave sons of the country, who laid down their lives, protecting the honour of their motherland, India.
Creating a mobility eco-system that is in sync with nature is the need of the hour.
He stressed on the importance of improving the quality of disposal of grievances.
3. flood and drought management;
In fact, Jammu & Kashmir is a symbol of the age old commitment of equanimity towards all creeds (sarv-panth sambhaav), where Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists and Muslims have been living together for centuries.
People thought that this was the end of Modi.
And I assure you that whatever dreams you have, whatever dreams your own people have in India, we are going to realise those dreams together and ahead of time.
The MoU will provide a framework for cooperation between India and Singapore in the field of Public Administration and Governance Reforms.
Shri Prakash Javadekar, our Minister for Environment, Forest & Climate Change,
The beneficiaries have Aadhaar cards, and have been selected based on the 2015 socio-economic survey.
Modern India is in its 70th year.
May I also take this opportunity to congratulate you,
Shri Kumawat had expressed a keen desire that Shri Narendra Modi become Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister remarked that most of the awardees are from rural and humble backgrounds.
He exchanged Diwali greetings, interacted with the people there, and offered sweets to children.
4. With a thrust on Advanced Biofuels, the Policy indicates a viability gap funding scheme for 2G ethanol Bio refineries of Rs.5000 crore in 6 years in addition to additional tax incentives, higher purchase price as compared to 1G biofuels.
And hence, today my conviction bears proof that it is all because of the spirit of these poor that this “Team India” will march ahead.
But, one thing is right that this movement should be encouraged and it would definitely be better if cleaning tonnes of waste are cleaned and and given as presents in place of other gifts.
But for me, this is the first time at Def-Expo.
They shared the view that strengthened bilateral relations also contribute to regional cooperation, peace, prosperity and stability.
My vision is that in ten years from now, Gift city should become the price setter for at least a few of the largest traded instruments in the world, whether in commodities, currencies, equities, interest rates or any other financial instrument.
It does the job of uniting us.
Tell me, which Indian would not feel proud at such happenings?
The earth’s temperature should not rise anymore.
The new bridge is part of up-gradation of the Kakarvitta (Nepal) to Panitanki Bypass (India) on NH 327B covering a length of 1500 meters including a 6 lane approach road of 825 meters.
India-Russia: an Enduring Partnership in a Changing World
The Prime Minister said that without prevention and prosecution of acts of terrorism, there is no deterrence against nuclear terrorism.
And, it attracts the maximum number of Indian tourists.
“So happy to learn that citizens are expressing their gratitude to bankers & getting notes exchanged in a very patient and orderly manner.
He said that the Government has launched the Atal Innovation Mission to promote innovation among our scientists.
Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu
India’s dynamism is not of mere words.
The NH-8 is an important highway connecting Vadodara and Ahmedabad.
The programme of the Partners’ Forum will be framed around the objectives of the Global Strategy of Survive – Thrive – Transform.
He said the Union Government has taken up many path breaking economic reforms in last three years, which have simplified procedures for doing business.
The SSA has been in successful operation since June 2010 and has benefitted Indian expatriates who have been working in the Netherlands.
My dear countrymen, I am not a Yoga teacher.
Our momentum comes not just from the growth we pursue, but from the transformation that we seek in the quality of life for every citizen.
I too had the opportunity to participate in the Yoga event held in Lucknow.
Remote sensing of the earth
5. powers and functions of the competent authority including the power to attach assets of a defaulting establishment;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Nagaland on their Statehood Day.
This is the highest ever in the State of Madhya Pradesh.
The story of your ancestors in this nation may have been of poverty and oppression.
Gayatri, a young girl from Dehradun, who is a student of class 11, has phoned in with a message: –
Addressing a large public meeting on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the State Government in Assam and Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal, for the work done by them in the State.
The results are clearly visible.
I will be sharing more from Sri Lanka on social media.
The Cabinet also gave its approval for introduction of NFSG to the extent of 15 percent of SDPs at the STS level as applicable in Group ‘A’ Engineering Service.
In this context, he mentioned about the long term visionary schemes introduced by the Union Government.
And therefore this burden of hankering for marks hinders us sometimes from going in the right direction.
Involvement of self interest in social and personal conduct is the first cause of corruption.
Our Start-Up India programme is a comprehensive action plan to foster entrepreneurship and promote innovation.
We aim to double the income of farmers by 2022, when Independent India will be 75 and a ‘New India’ will be born.
In this context, we are extremely grateful to Switzerland for supporting India’s entry into the MTCR.
Electrification will lead to faster trains, reduced carbon emissions and sustainable environment.
He said we should do everything possible to ensure that the 21st century, which is termed “Asia’s century” becomes “India’s century.”
Welcome to a land that is a timeless fountain of peace, and an ancient source of traditions and faiths, which has received and nurtured religions from the world.
But empowering the poor is far more effective than empowering the poverty alleviation industry.
We call for greater efforts towards the conservation of the mountain eco-systems including bio-diversity.
Interacting with the awardees, the Prime Minister said their deeds of bravery show their decisiveness as much as their courage.
This time in the results of 10th and 12th classes, our daughters have been doing wonderfully well, which is a matter of pride.
Mr.T.S. Tirumurti , Secretary (Economic Relations), Ministry of External Affairs
The culture of doles and deals harmed our nation’s development journey greatly.
But if we don’t have any trust in our own strength and capabilities then no one will accept it.
Possibly your elder brother and even your parents and uncles and aunts also may not know.
In our country, we have often seen that infrastructure projects get stalled after announcement for various reasons.
He had held various important positions in his public and political life during his long career in Tamil Nadu political arena.
India’s new economic momentum is a subject of international attention and a source of global opportunity.
All in all, they represent all corners of our country.
Lay foundation stone of 54 new Model Degree Colleges, 11 Professional Colleges and 1 Women’s University in the country.
And you must have noticed that when you are happy, you are smiling, you become relaxed automatically, and when you relax instinctively, you’re able to recollect very old things also quite effortlessly!
We are taking a leap towards next generation infrastructure in both core areas and social sectors.
The Prime Minister digitally inaugurated 11 Rural Self Employment Training Institutes (RSETI) Buildings and a Plant Phenomics Facility at IARI.
The decision will benefit in economies of scale for NBCC and would assist in better manpower utilization.
He said the Government would work towards creation of museums and memorials dedicated to the Adivasi freedom fighters across the country.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for the establishment of the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi spoke to UK Prime Minister Theresa May on telephone on Tuesday.
He said handicrafts have been a source of inspiration, in the freedom struggle, and for self-reliance.
Our economic links continue to flourish.
Most of you can work with us in a number of areas which include:
In an effort to connect all state capitals of North East states, Itanagar has also been connected with the Railways.
Prime Minister said that special attention is given to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana.
The leaders resolved to step up cooperation through regular bilateral consultations and in international fora.
They left the indelible marks on peoples’ opinion from ending cast feeling to people’s awareness, from devotion to peoples’ power, from ending Sati Kupratha to enhancing cleanliness, from social harmony to education and from health to literature and brought changes there.
You form a unique bond between our two great nations.
This year, we were saddened by the demise of another great son of Singapore, former President S. R. Nathan.
Beneficiaries:
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister complimented the Sikh community in Tehran for keeping our rich heritage and traditions alive for the younger generations.
(ii) Health System Governance;
He recalled that he had interacted with State Directors General of Police during a three-day conference, and urged all Chief Ministers to follow-up on the discussions that took place in that conference.
The total 5.33 MMT capacity under Phase-I of the SPR programme is currently estimated to supply approximately 10 days of India’s crude requirement according to the consumption data for FY2016-17.
It has been extremely hot this year.
My extensive conversation with President today focused on the full range of our cooperation.
The Prime Minister inaugurated Air Odisha’s flight connecting Ahmedabad with Diu under the UDAN scheme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Gita Aradhana Mahotsav at ISKCON-Glory of India Cultural Centre, East of Kailash, New Delhi, on 26 February 2019.
Developed countries must fulfill their responsibility to make clean energy available, affordable and accessible to all in the developing world.
I hope you liked your visit to Taj Mahal.
He added that the aim of the scheme is to reach crores of poor households in 2.5 lakh gram panchayats and provide them sustainable livelihood opportunities.
Our aim should be to ensure that the whole of our efforts and actions is always greater than the sum of the various parts.
Sirhind and Rajasthan Feeders take off upstream of Harike Head works and flow through Punjab before crossing over to Rajasthan.
We also intend to set up an ASEAN-India Innovation Platform to facilitate commercialization of low cost technologies, technology transfer and collaborative R&D projects,” the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister had received this certificate in London during his visit to the United Kingdom in November 2015.
Government of India is promoting oil palm by implementing several programmes since 1986-87 and from 2014-15 through NMOOP.
Recent trends indicate that Asian centres like Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as preferred arbitration destinations.
Over meals, the Prime Minister had focused discussions with select groups of officers, on specific security and policing issues.
The setting up of a Chair on the Paika Rebellion, in Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, was announced.
Or a problem of plenty for 24/7 News Channels.
It sought not just freedom, but also human advancement in India.
It casts a long shadow of violence and instability over the entire region.
· ESSO-MoES provides weather and climate forecasts in various spatial and temporal scales.
From Sarpanch to the Parliament, our women are contributing to the development of the country.
42. We reiterate our support for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
During his remarks, the Prime Minister underlined India’s commitment to prudent macro-economic policy, rule-based multilateral trading arrangements, responsible climate policy, and growth which creates jobs and reduces poverty.
• Definition of ‘medical devices’ amended in the FDI Policy
Editorial freedom must be used wisely, in public interest.
In the same way Yogiji have established his presence around us to get a feel of his unhindered existence like air.
Instead of further animosity, Yoga assimilates.
And the best part is, what she has written in this letter is very interesting.
He mentioned the steps being taken in the Food Processing Sector.
He will interact with CEOs from financial sector organizations including JP Morgan and Blackstone, during a roundtable meeting.
Lord Buddha’s message of peace and compassion has connected us all.
All Union Ministries are mandated to spend 10% of their budget in the region and the full utilization of this entitlement is the endeavour of my Government.
I view this as a great privilege and, at the same time, a major responsibility.
We have lived these ideals.
I would also call on His Majesty King Carl XVI Gustaf, King of Sweden.
Combating it is India’s national priority.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh tomorrow on 19 February 2019.
Guardian / owner shall be deemed to be guilty.
It will be a bigger and better alternative to its Tondiarpet facility.
The MoU shall create favourable conditions for long-term tourism cooperation for the mutual benefits of all stakeholders within the broader framework and areas of cooperation.
On the disease control front, we are providing technical and financial support to states.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that a fully dedicated university for Communication and Entertainment is a need of hour and urged Film personalities to suggest and contribute on this.
Inflation was high.
Subsequent to the successful implementation of the Protocol on Foreign Office Consultations for the period 2017-18, the Sides agreed to extend the period of Consultations for five more years (2019-2023) and signed a Protocol to this effect.
The two sides further agreed that they would cooperate in building a strong consensus for early adoption of the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism (CCIT).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his eleventh interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
Your visit is a high point in our top-level political exchanges.
The Government is committed to realizing the vision of doubling farmers’ income by 2022.
36. The Sides acknowledged the potential for mutually beneficial cooperation in the energy sector, and encouraged their companies to consider a wide range of opportunities for cooperation, including long-term contracts, joint ventures and acquisitions of energy assets in both countries as well as possible cooperation in third countries.
Brothers and sisters, today with pride and joy I would like to mention that a bill in connection with my government’s mission on Divyangjan, that is, differently or specially abled people was passed in Parliament.
My visit to Israel celebrates this ancient bond between communities across both our nations.
Our global framework for security is defined for another era and for other security challenges.
The new AIIMS will be completed in a period of 48 months from the zero date (that is the date of the approval of Government of India), broadly comprising a pre-construction phase of 15 months, a construction phase of 30 months and stabilization / commissioning phase of three months.
The draft text of the Agreement has been finalized with the concurrence of the two Customs Administrations.
In that struggle, he never spared anyone.
Just last month, President Kenyatta recognized the contribution of Makhan Singh, an Indian born trade union leader, joining hands with his Kenyan brothers to help overthrow the colonial order in Kenya.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will receive French President Emmanuel Macron in Varanasi tomorrow morning.
But, if we neglect the hard work at the base no peak will magically appear.
(ii) Japan and India will promote skill training such as Japanese language, including for caregivers from North East who visit Japan for training under TITP (Technical Intern Training Program), which contributes to enhancing cooperation between the two countries under the Asia Health and Wellbeing Initiative.
In addition, it also supports basic training, which is an essential component of apprenticeship training.
Congratulations to her.
I am confident that the knowledge you have gained here will help you serve the country effectively and achieve professional success.
India’s uninterrupted progress has now been attached to a much faster pace.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned Mahatma Gandhi, Satyagraha, and the Charkha.
The projects reviewed also included the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor and Chennai Metro Rail.
He noted that rules for MNREGA were also changed over a thousand times.
It has been passed and the long awaited GST will soon be a reality.
We have served the nation with the Mantra of ‘Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas’
He spoke of the rich and glorious history and culture of the Kutch region.
In the course of the two hour meeting, the Prime Minister repeatedly stressed the need for better coordination and synergy among these organizations.
Some people say that democracy cannot deliver effective and fast track governance.
And this scheme is valid till the 14th of October.
The Prime Minister unveiled plaques to mark the laying of foundation stones for a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka; and other road development projects.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in his view, we can be more history conscious as a society, and preserve aspects of our history much better.
We are building broadband connectivity to two hundred and fifty thousand village councils, and we are setting up common service centres in each of those village councils.
He will inaugurate the Mahatma Gandhi Museum.
They conveyed greetings of President Trump to the Prime Minister.
When you listen to the call, you will come to know why he does not want to identify himself!
1. Today on this special day, I convey my greetings to 125 crore Indians & the Indian community living overseas.
Earlier in the day, the delegates discussed the subject of police universities, and forensic science university.
Union Minister Shri Nitin Gadkari and CM of Maharashtra Shri Devendra Fadnavis was also present on the occasion.
The Bill also proposes to mandate the automated fitness testing for the transport vehicles with effect from 1st October 2018.
This would not have been possible but for the dynamic leadership of H.E. Mr. Sam Kutesa and Ambassador Courtney Rattray.
He unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
The existing Regional Offices at Kolkata and Udaipur have been upgraded to the Zonal office (East) and Zonal Office (North).
Tata Memorial Centre to manage the administrative control
The Heads of State, Heads of Government and Leaders from Bangladesh, Bhutan, Myanmar, Nepal, Sri Lanka, and Thailand, that together with India, collectively constitute the BIMSTEC, are in Goa as the special guests to 8th BRICS Summit.
The Prime Minister said that Harivansh ji is well read and has written a lot.
Not only is keeping one’s body clean and pure emphasized, but also cleanliness in one’s house, place of work and place of worship is given a lot of priority.
The objective of the MoU is to explore the potential of cooperation in the framework of preparation and implementation of strategies and programs of social, economic, industrial and regional development.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
The Prime Minister shared the views that the common commitments, values, people-to-people and economic ties will take India-Switzerland relations to new heights.
The life of Gautama Buddha illustrates the power of service, compassion and, most importantly, renunciation.
Jatayu gives us the message of fearlessness, the Prime Minister said, exhorting 125 crore Indians to be Jatayu in the face of terrorism.
This will offer diverse tourist activities in Ladakh and will result in more tourist flow.
The excess of cash was fuelling inflation and black-marketing.
His service to society will always be remembered.
He said Tagore is a subject of study in Universities across the world even today.
Can we fill empty cement and fertiliser bags with pebbles and sand and use them to stop water from flowing out through breaches?
Whether you brew up storms
But I understand that there are many lessons that Physics can teach us in day to day life.
“At a time when the dark shadow of violence is becoming longer, you are the noor, or the light of hope.
Though, UDAY is optional, several States/Union Territories have joined or agreed to join the scheme demonstrating its necessity and appeal.
This also includes provisions of software support (L-3 level) for a period of five years and support for the roll-out of the CAS driver ICT-RTM of ICDS in priority districts within ISSNIP States through provision of trainers who will train MWCD trainers.
This would help in curbing corruption, which hurts the poor people, and it would ease out their problem.
But, self interest alone is neither in our culture nor in our behavior.
India has suffered firsthand the violence and hatred spread by terror.
Where in the world will 190 million bank accounts be opened in a few months?
During 2017-18, it is estimated that an amount of Rs 29,000 Crore may be required through LTIF, for which EBR of Rs 9020 cr would be required.
Today, four large states of India – West Bengal, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Rajasthan – are headed by democratically elected women.
1. The President of the Republic of Maldives, H.E. Mr Ibrahim Mohamed Solih, is on a State Visit to India from 16-18 December 2018 at the invitation of the Prime Minister of the Republic of India, H.E. Mr Narendra Modi.
Happy Vishu!
He recalled that the Central Hall had been witness to several historic occasions in the past as well, including the first session of the Constituent Assembly, India’s independence, and the adoption of the Constitution.
17. Agriculture remains India’s mainstay in terms of providing livelihood.
They have laid down their lives for the country.
(ii) Introduction of a new Credit-Linked Subsidy Scheme for MIG” for targeting the MIG category;
We owe this to our future generations.
There were somewho did not want it to.
The National Commission for Safai Karmacharis is working for the welfare of both Safai Karamcharis and Manual Scavengers.
The greatest validation of SHAKTI, strength, comes when the same is put to test.
This is his speciality.
This is also reflected in our resolution of the New India.
He was committed towards eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
The Chief Minister informed that good progress has been made in preparatory works for Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
They rightfully belong to the citizens of the country from which they have been plundered.
The Government would now formulate new schemes for new units linking it with employment and assistance of Government.
Ladies & Gentlemen.
2. Mental Health and Non-Communicable Diseases;
He said that they are most deserving, for all the appreciation that the Kumbh has got this year.
What should be done to bring about the changes in poor people’s lives?
At the launch ceremony, the Prime Minister and other dignitaries’ poured soil and Narmada water into a Kalash to mark the dedication of the ‘Statue of Unity’ to the nation.
Collaboration between the two sides in use of online portal for recruitment of Indian manpower is expected to usher in greater transparency and curb malpractices in the recruitment process.
There will be an interaction with them at a community programme.
It will provide greater focus on urban areas and other pockets of low immunization coverage.
He used to mention Nanaji’s contribution with great respect and he even went to a village to see Nanaji’s work there.
A ‘New India’ is rising.
The development projects include IIIT, IIM and AIIMS and launch of Koradi Thermal Power Station.
The emphasis on cleanliness is important because a Clean India ensures people do not suffer from diseases, he added.
India-Japan Cooperation in Railways
It aims at achieving universal health coverage and delivering quality health care services to all at affordable cost.
How does he learn?
The Prime Minister reiterated the importance of completing projects in time, so that cost overruns could be avoided, and the benefits of projects could reach the people, as originally envisaged.
On 30th morning, there would be the dedication of water supply schemes based on Vatrak, Mazum and Meswo Dams at Modasa.
And, promote dialogue and predictable behavior rooted in international norms and respect for sovereignty.
He will distribute certificates to best performing districts under BetiBachaoBetiPadhao program,
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
Addressing the gathering, Prime Minister said that work is progressing at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a house by 2022.
Mr Jorge Faurie, Foreign Affairs Minister
Metro rail has been expanded to 11 large cities of the country.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given approval for de-notification of 03 marla of land overlapping with NHAI for setting up of bus bay near Indian Defence University Land in Gurugram, Haryana.
AIIMS at Madurai will be constructed at a cost of more than rupees sixteen hundred crores.
The António Champalimaud Vision Award was established in 2007 to recognise contributions to research into eyecare and vision.
It was the result of his selfless service to the nation that in a brief tenure of about one and a half years he gave to our jawans and farmers the mantra to reach the pinnacle of success.
Under Ayushman Bharat, we are providing cashless health assurance to the tune of Rs. 5 lakhs per family per year, for the poor.
Apart from Gujarat, they are located in Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu.
Irrespective of whether a civilian or security force personnel is injured or killed, the pain is felt by all of us.
The state governments have braced themselves up for rescue and relief work.
As I have said before, we must reject any link between terrorism and religion.
Globally, there is much talk of carbon taxes but much of it is just that – TALK.
He added that this increase is not in terms of scope of work, but in terms of the challenge.
(ii) exchange information of operational, technical and general nature in drug matters, exchange literature on their existing laws, rules, procedures, best practices and methods of curbing illicit trafficking in narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and their precursors and any further amendments to the existing legislation.
Never did it appear to us even once that we are not at home for the festivities.
He said the human face of Indian diplomacy and Indian security establishment is our speciality.
A transformation that is embedded in the aspiration and optimism of India’s youth, and in the boundless energy of its millions.
It is only fair that politics be discussed at length, in a democracy.
But I’m happy that the strength of the endeavours of our scientists has been such that not only has this crossed six months; even after a thousand days, our Mangalyaan Mission is at work, sending images, providing information, collating scientific data, way beyond its expected duration and life expectancy.
• We in India are working on very ambitious plans of infrastructure.
We see this as a partnership of equals, driven by similar aspirations, in which we will all be more successful by being together.
In implementing this line of credit, we will be guided by Bangladesh’s needs and priorities.
Trade Unions so recognized would be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
He appreciated the participation of cities in the challenge route.
The LNG terminal willhelp in meeting the LNG demand in Tamil Nadu and neighboring States.
In that sense, the bank serves to unite India through a uniform banking culture.
University Institute of Engineering & Technology, Kathua will be dedicated to the nation by the PM.
He said the honest taxpayer was paying for these delays.
The Prime Minister emphasized that in each of these areas, the focus should be on measures which will transformatively improve the lives of people.
In Port Blair, he laid a wreath at the Martyrs Column, and visited the Cellular Jail.
Talking about the launch of the mobile App of the CIC, the Prime Minister said this would enable citizens to file appeals with ease, and enable them to easily access information being made available by the Commission.
It is important to mention here that there is no functional urea unit in the Eastern part of the country except two small units at Namrup (Assam).
Because of another big number the 800 million people of India under the age of 35.
We will continue to nurture people-to-people ties.
The soldier in you remains immortal.
PM has directed National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) to repair main national highways damaged due to floods on priority.
Development of vital infrastructure in both Andaman and Nicobar islands, as well as in Lakshadweep was discussed.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its ex-post facto approval for circulation of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) and Agreement on cooperation in the field of sports signed with Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan.
One of these is Aadhaar.
As far as bilateral investments are concerned, till now Netherlands stands at the fifth largest source of Foreign Direct Investments.
On the power sector, the Prime Minister emphasized the importance of breaking silos, and finding solutions.
52. With the aim of broadening the canvas of such like-minded convergences, it was agreed to initiate regular expert level official dialogues on East Asia, as well as on the Middle East.
The achievers being felicitated tonight on this auspicious occasion, all of you who have assembled here today from various locations, business and industry stalwarts, fellow citizens, youngsters connected through TV, radio, Ladies and gentlemen.
Today, Muslim women can perform Haj without ‘mahram’ or male Guardian and I am happy to note that this time about thirteen hundred Muslim women have applied to perform Haj without ‘mahram’ and women from different parts of the country from Kerala to North India, have expressed their wish to go for the Haj pilgrimage.
A few days ago, I was reading about a farmer brother Gurbachan Singh from Punjab.
Both leaders reaffirmed their resolve to counter terrorism and strengthen security and defence cooperation as envisaged in the India-Afghanistan Strategic Partnership Agreement.
I try to share the efforts and achievements of the youth as much as possible through “Mann Ki Baat”.
Around 4.5 lakh people have now come forward and are trying to trade the right path after accepting their mistakes.
In less than two years, we have taken India to the top of global league tables of foreign investment and growth.
MoU on Cooperation in the field of Agriculture and Allied Sectors vii.
Even if an extremely corrupt person succeeds in occupying a high office even then he will be forced to follow the path of honesty.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Shri Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
And in India, Ashok’s life perfectly epitomizes the transformation from war to enlightenment.
We now have five years before we reach the 75th year of our independence.
He said that with the foundation stone laying of Medical College, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu have got its first ever Medical College.
Their contribution in making our future is extremely important.
§ This will give more teeth to the NMCG for Clean Ganga for the environmental protection/rejuvenation of River Ganga.
The proposed agreement between India and Kyrgyzstan covers various activities in the field of agriculture and allied sector including but not restricted to areas such as exchange of information and experience in the field of research; animal breeding, Avian Influenza and Food & Mouth Disease (FMD); veterinary medicine; plant growing, production of seeds based on modern technology, certification of seed; introduction of different types of irrigation, & establishing Indian Pilot Project; information technology on efficient use of food processing and packaging technology.
My effort is to take the banking system to normalcy as fast as possible in the new year.
Less than two years ago, on 2nd October, 2014, the Union Government started its journey to create Swachh Bharat by October 2019, as a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi, ‘The Father of the Nation’.
Human ingenuity has always prevailed and it will continue to do so in the future.
Last year, the first edition of the online quiz for young overseas Indians called “Bharat ko Jaano” saw participation of more than 5000 young NRIs and PIOs.
The Prime Minister also paid tributes to Bharat Ratna, Shri M. Visvesvaraya, on his birth anniversary.
Guru Ravidas Ji had unwavering faith in values of harmony and brotherhood.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Arunachal Pradesh tomorrow.
We have presented schemes for senior citizens who are in dire need of help.
Just as the five years from 1942 to 1947 were decisive for the country’s Independence, these five years from 2017 to 2022 can and must play a decisive role for the future of India.
Recently, we approved the LIGO project with USA to construct a state-of-the-art detector system in India.
Traders with a turnover up to Rs. 75 lakh are also having many exemptions.
The Prime Minister spoke of the joint efforts of the Union and State Governments for human resource development in Andhra Pradesh.
Over 500 Indian managers have benefited by this programme so far.
New commercial courts have also been set up.
We need to recognise and channelize the aspirations of the people of the aspirational districts, the Prime Minister said.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India has been engaged in ensuring that processed food made in India, matches global quality standards.
The President of the Republic of South Africa, His Excellency Mr. Cyril Ramaphosa, Leaders of the corporate world from India and South Africa;
He will also launch the new version of NHRC website.
We want enterprises to flourish, businesses to grow and the country to rise.
The Prime Minister said that today people believe that India can leave its weaknesses behind, and march forward.
There is great strength in this remark.
The two Prime Ministers agreed that India’s huge achievements in economic growth and inclusive development are not just important for India’s own ambitious goals and targets, but an inspiration to the world and critical to the achievement of global targets.
Pace of rail track addition has doubled.
The Prime Minister said that within the last four years, the discourse has changed from India being a “Fragile Five” economy, to the target of India becoming a “Five Trillion Dollar” economy.
Many people lost their lives.
(a) Development of Exhibition-cum-Convention Centre (ECC), Dwarka and allied infrastructure in PPP and non-PPP Mode (including Exhibition & Convention spaces, arena, trunk-infrastructure, Metro/NHAI connectivity, hotels, office and retail spaces etc.) at an estimated cost of Rs. 25,703 crore by year 2025.
· Meetings of the BRICS Working Groups (Competition)
My dear countrymen, I maintain time & again that we should keep re – visiting the annals of our history, traditions and culture.
And, it has many elements.
The MOU will provide a mechanism in taking part in establishing relationships with-schools, universities, cultural institutions, science & technology and specialized education institutions, high-tech companies, startups and innovation centers in both countries.
There are a few other reforms where our team and the World Bank team need to find common ground.
I am proud of the fact that in our culture the role of women is central.
We recall the dynamic leadership of Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri.
The Prime Minister said that he wishes to caution the country that certain forces are trying to put undue pressure on the judiciary.
In the existing Act, there is a provision for representation of a single national political party.
I would like to assure my fellow citizens that we do not take offence to the recent spate of criticisms of the Government on the economic front.
Keeping this in mind, the Union Government is making heavy investment in the power sector.
With a view to carry out consequential geographic and demographic alterations vis-à-vis the electoral mosaic of the affected areas, the Election Commission requested to amend section 11 of the Delimitation Act, 2002 and section 9 of the Representation of the People Act, 1950 to enable it to carry out limited delimitation of constituencies in the affected areas.
We recognized the positive contribution of BRICS countries’ to global economic growth after the 2008 financial crisis.
He said the country is moving from conventional energy to green energy, and Uttar Pradesh will become a hub of solar energy.
The GDP growth slipped to 5.7% or even lower 8 times during six years of the previous government.
The scheme envisages Government of India to provide counter guarantee and interest equalization of 2 % to EXIM Bank to offer concessional finance to any foreign Govt. or foreign Govt. owned or controlled entity, if any Indian entity, succeeds in getting contract for the execution of a project.
He said the whole world was surprised when he had declared a target of 175 GigaWatts of renewable energy, but the country was now on track to achieve it.
Later, at DLW Varanasi, the Prime Minister interacted with children from poor and underprivileged sections, who are being assisted by students of Kashi Vidyapeeth.
However, I have seen that the governments also have initiated and implemented many schemes.
I have been told that 10,000 young people will gather from all over India.
A Joint Working Group shall be formed to monitor the activities to be carried out in fulfillment of the MoU.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for introduction of a Bill in Parliament to amend the National Council for Teacher Education Act, 1993, namely the National Council for Teacher Education (Amendment) Act, 2017 to grant retrospective recognition to the Central/State/Universities who are found to be conducting teacher education courses without NCTE permission.
On the eve of the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit (AICS) to celebrate 25 years of India-ASEAN partnership, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi had separate bilateral meetings with Her Excellency Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, State Counsellor of Myanmar, His Excellency Mr. Nguyen Xuan Phuc, Prime Minister of Vietnam and His Excellency Mr. Rodrigo Roa Duterte, President of the Philippines on Wednesday.
He also mentioned some of the efforts that the Government of India is undertaking to bring about a paradigm shift in the education sector.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his good wishes for the strengthening of democracy, peace and prosperity in Maldives under the leadership of Mr Solih.
It symbolises our national consciousness.
Have we thought of promoting jewellery based on these works of art?
The main areas of cooperation include the following:
For everything, they had a token to offer.
This will also facilitate to build capacities in NITI and equip the officials with skills related to evidence based policy writing, evaluation etc. and help NITI to play the newly assigned role of a Think Tank in a more effective manner.
Your motto says it all “Unitat et Labore”; work hard and in unity, the fruits of the labour will be yours.
In addition, default on bank loans by financially stressed DISCOMs has the potential to seriously impact the banking sector and the economy at large.
The MoU will enable establishment of a framework for enhanced cooperation in the field of military education concerning strategic and operational studies and promotion of closer and long-term cooperation between the two countries.
He also called for greater coordination between all mineral-related departments during the survey and mapping of geological potential regions.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its post-facto approval for launching of Varishtha Pension Bima Yojana 2017 (VPBY 2017).
Thus, from the start of business to its operation and closure, we have paid attention in building new institutions, processesand procedures.
I had decided that whatever I will do, I will do to the best of my abilities,” the Prime Minister said.
We don’t want to bow our head before anybody.
The Prime Minister recalled the eminent space scientist Vikram Sarabhai’s words on the costs of India’s space programme, who had said that no effort should be spared in the objective of fulfilling the needs of India’s common man.
But, the great task that the country wants to accomplish today is the realisation of our dream of a ‘Cashless Society’.
Many of you came here more recently in the mobility of our globalised world.
Prime Minister will unveil the plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of various development works of Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust.
I am delighted to extend a warm welcome to you, and Prof. Maithree Wickremesinghe, and members of your delegation.
Recently, the UN General Assembly finally adopted a document after over 20 years that would form the basis of formal discussions on this matter.
We also understand that being a young nation, we need to create job opportunities and better infrastructure.
It underlines international and regional peace and stability.
They come in campuses like yours, in the minds of youngsters like you.
And there are numerous such unnamed, unsung heroes.
But lack of political will, and clear thinking, especially after independence, had caused immense damage to our urban centres.
H. E. Mr. Meng Jianzhu, Secretary of the Central Political and Legal Affairs Commission of the Communist Party of China met Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
The CLSS for MIG is a pro-active step in meeting the challenges of urban housing shortage.
How can resolve be transformed into reality?
And, the citizens of India are full of optimism.
NIT, Andhra Pradesh has been set up to cater to the needs of State of Andhra Pradesh which did not have NITs.
“Swami Dayananda Saraswati ji’s demise is a personal loss.
This will be an annual event.
President Ghani briefed the Prime Minister on initiatives by his government towards peace & reconciliation and also in confronting the challenges of terrorism and extremism imposed on Afghanistan and its people.
And Friends!
His demise is anguishing.
Elections to 1,100 Urban Local Body wards were held after a gap of 13 years; and 35,000 Panchayats after seven years in Nov-Dec 2018.
It will also help India in increasing foreign tourist arrivals from Malta.
In the Railway budget, special emphasis has been on railway safety.
Your institution reminds such people of the values from this lesson of Satyam Vada, Dharmam Chara.
I am hopeful that this new course will further consolidate the financial skills of new aspirants joining this profession.
They have been replacing their street lights with LED bulbs.
In a way it is indeed a great opportunity for me to learn and share with you today.
70 years ago a tragic and deadly World War came to an end.
It is an effective tool for combating terrorism, illicit drug trafficking and preventing cross border crimes through exchange of information, knowledge, technical expertise and capacity building.
Prime Minister of India also hosted a Lunch in his honour.Hon’ble Vice President and External Affairs Minister of India called on the visiting dignitary.
However, today the issue of ‘Red Carpet’ is being discussed.
President Mirziyoyev congratulated Prime Minister on the successful outcome of the First India-Central Asia Dialogue which demonstrated India’s positive impact on the Central Asia region and the joint quest of the participant countries for peace in Afghanistan.
The spirit of India speaks in your deeds.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the National Conference of Dalit Entrepreneurs at Vigyan Bhawan, organized by the Dalit Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (DICCI) in New Delhi.
I would particularly like to call upon the online world, since wherever we may be, we are almost always online; so I would like to invite the online community and specially my young friends to come forward and contribute innovatively for building of the New India.
May we succeed in eliminating poverty.
The person in the Royal Palace in London is the Sevak of 125 crore Indians
It belongs to us.
In view of the critical role played by India in securing international consensus on climate change issues, this decision further underlines India’s leadership in the comity of nations committed to global cause of environmental protection and climate justice.
Two contracts out of total Three have been awarded.
He said the word “NAGAR” in Hindi can be taken to mean provision of “Nal” (Drinking Water), Gutter (Sanitation) and Rasta (Roads).
But, also to meet the growing global demand of skilled manpower.
Prime Minister Modi recalled Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina’s vision of restoring connectivity to the way it was before 1965.
He paid respects to Bharat Ratna Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar, at Chaitya Bhoomi in Mumbai.
• Both sides agreed to enhance cooperation on youth affairs and sports and in this regard welcomed the signing of an MOU on Cooperation in Youth Affairs and Sports.
I invite one and all – Come, join the Cleanliness Campaign in this manner as well.
Cabinet also approved selling 82.37 acres of land of the Company at Hospet to Karnataka Government for use of the Karnataka State Housing Board.
It aims to create compact walkable communities and bring public transport closer to transit.
Every year 5 lakh road accidents are reported in the country in which 1.5 lakh people lose their lives.
We therefore launched the Ayushman Bharat Yojana.
In a series of tweets yesterday, the Prime Minister announced the details of his two-day visit to Gujarat.
· BRICS Cultural Festival (Various Cities)
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Jhansi on 15 February 2019.
Fifty cities in India are ready to implement metro rail projects.
I compliment the Philippines for its able stewardship of ASEAN during this significant year and thank you, Mr. President, for the excellent arrangements made for this Summit.
The Union Cabinet also gave its approval for providing a special swap of USD 700 million to Sri Lanka for a period of 3 months or till the time Sri Lanka avails the IMF facility whichever is earlier.
Our thoughts are with the families of the deceased and prayers with the injured.
Our campaign against tax evasion and money laundering is also well known.
We have to do this in order to create opportunities for our youth.
Increased competition due to the GST will lead to moderation in prices.
Addressing a public gathering, the PM said, “We are undergoing a deep sorrow and anguish over the Pulwama attack.
On Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, the Prime Minister was informed that in the Kharif season of 2016, and Rabi season of 2016-17, claims of over Rs. 7700 crore have already been paid, and over 90 lakh farmers have been benefited.
# My name is Meenu Bhatia.
My dear countrymen!
The Prime Minister will distribute e-tablets to health workers to mark the launch of ImTeCHO.
Governor of Uttar Pradesh, Shri Ram Naik, CM of UP Shri Yogi Adityanath, Chairman of Akshaya Patra Foundation Swami Madhu Pandit Dasa and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
These doles were given so that the poor remain poor and remain at the mercy of the political class.
This has paved the way for enhanced cooperation between the two countries in security related matters under the aegis of the India-US Homeland Security Dialogue.
· 45% of the total foreign investment in the textile sector has come in the last three years alone.
The two lions shall step into the future together.
And, together, we can be more effective in addressing our common global challenges, from trade to climate change.
India has extended the Electronic Tourist Visa (eTV) facility for the South African Nationals which elicited good response from travel trade of both.
The Programme will also meet the launch requirement of satellites for Earth observation, Navigation and Space Sciences.
We can be free ourselves of various burdens just by paying a fine.
In our media many interesting events of the year gone by are broadcast again to reflect on the previous year.
There must be hardly any Indian who doesn’t feel proud of our Armed Forces, our army jawans, our soldiers.
Just as I advise your parents not to be burdensome to you, the same applies to me too.
We will help you overcome the challenges of your past to realise the promise of your future.
The Prime Minister also spoke to former President Mohamed Nasheed and congratulated him on the momentous electoral victory.
We are receiving public participation too.
After meeting the liabilities, steps will be taken to close IDPL and RDPL.
You are the living bonds of friendship between our two nations.
He interacted with jawans from the ITBP and the Indian Army, and offered sweets to them.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister recalled the role of Meerut in the 1857 uprising for freedom from British rule, and said that this Delhi-Meerut Expressway would provide freedom from pollution.
Today the country is constructing twice the highways and four times more houses in the villages.
My dear countrymen these days, the Parliament Session is going on, and during the Parliament Session, I get to meet many people from across our nation.
• Each new AIIMS will add around 750 hospital beds.
The event in Kampala was also attended by President Museveni of Uganda.
3. Space science and planetary exploration;
He will inaugurate a 7 MW Solar Power Plant, and Solar Village.
Memorandum of Understanding between Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) and the Federal Space Agency of Russia ‘ROSCOSMOS’ on Joint Activities in the field of Human Spaceflight Programme
• From Defence to Dairy;
India is becoming an attractive FDI destination.
He also launched a Local Government Directory.
Talking about the National Police Memorial, Prime Minister said that Memorial was accorded priority by the NDA Government and was finished on time.
He said there is a need to counter the atmosphere being created by certain groups, including in developing countries, that development and growth are enemies of the environment – and all those who pursue development and growth are therefore guilty.
It will also mean that the developing world will also try to have a lighter carbon footprint on their growth path.
I wish the saint community may continue showing the path to liberate our country from the evils, like illiteracy, unawareness, mal-nutrition, black money, corruption, which have gripped our Mother India.
86. Emphasising the centrality of people in BRICS and its programmes, we commend the steady progress and exchanges in the fields of sports, youth, films, culture, education and tourism.
Speaking on the occasion of the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhavan, the Prime Minister described it as a symbol of the cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
The Prime Minister congratulated Mr. Sarkozy on the publication and success of his recent book, “La France pour la vie”.
The flexibility and cooperation shown by India as well as other countries has created this fair, equitable and ambitious HFC agreement.
The thoughts and ideals of SwamiVivekananda inspire and energise crores of Indians, particularly our youth.
He said that we have still not been able to fulfil the vision of Dr. Ambedkar.
India’s bilateral relationship with the United States is stronger than ever and we both agreed that the future would be even brighter.
2. The proposal consists of:
However, this is just the first step.
I felicitate the residents of Mubarakpur, for transforming the pious occasion of Ramzan into an opportunity for the welfare of society on.
PM to attend 14th ASEAN-India Summit and 11th East Asia Summit at Vientiane, Laos
Now that we are celebrating the 1000th birth anniversary of Ramanujacharya, we should gain inspiration from him in our endeavour to foster social unity, to bolster the adage ‘unity is strength’.
There can be no denying that business is a major force in our lives.
And, we want it to be driven by state of the art infrastructure.
The Commission has requisitioned data from Higher Education Institutions regarding admission of OBCs to higher education courses as well as data regarding recruitment of OBC persons in Government jobs in Government Departments, Public Sector Banks and Financial Institutions as well as in the CPSEs, with a view to assess the magnitude of inequitable distribution of benefits of reservation among the castes/communities included in the Centre List of Other Backward Classes.
– and the Paris Agreement on Climate Change.
MoU on cooperation in the field of ICT and Telecommunications
We have successfully connected the whole world through Yoga.
Another major reform is well known.
In fact, the benefits from tiger conservation are enormous but intangible.
• Lavatory, creche, first aid and canteen by group of establishments, in case, it is not possible due to constraint in space or otherwise by individual establishment.
Shriman Gurumani Kewal has written on MyGov – “This step of reigning in black money is praiseworthy.
At times we political leaders should trust our people more than we trust ourselves.
It will result in increased growth of livestock sector which is more inclusive, benefitting women, and small and marginal farmers.
In Britain, you are more likely to use an umbrella against rain than the sun.
The relationship between India and Palestine is built on the foundation of long-standing solidarity and friendship since the days of our own freedom struggle.
Six, a digital revolution is sweeping through India.
This is particularly important at a time when we are on the path of making India a global manufacturing hub.
Chief Minister of Karnataka, Shri Siddaramaiah,
He worked extensively for the development of Kerala.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Police Commemoration Day, has proudly recalled the valour of our courageous police personnel who have sacrificed their lives in the line of duty.
In conclusion, let me say that the convergence of Thailand’s ‘Look West’, and India’s ‘Act East’ policy lights the path to a bright future of our partnership.
He said the Ayushman Bharat scheme will take the lead in providing quality and affordable healthcare.
Six train sets will be done under Make in India out of a total 24 train sets.
(v). Upon presentation of an official note by the local Ministry of Foreign Affairs along with the visa application of the teachers and their dependent spouse and children, a single entry Service/Official gratis visa of three months’ validity will be issued, within twenty working days.
Prime Minister reiterated India’s commitment to support Bangladesh in fighting against terrorism.
Five, G20 should promote stronger global action to address security challenges, including through,
And humanity flourishes and gainstrength from this feeling of brotherhood.
Now a days our focus is on toilets.
Looking forward to addressing a conclave of women Sarpanchs & honouring trailblazers who have worked towards a Swachh Bharat.”
At a time when the dark shadow of violence is becoming longer, you are the noor, or the light of hope.
The Prime Minister noted that the DAV College Management Committee had offered to support his Clean Ganga initiative.
I wish all of you best wishes for good health, for this month of August imbued with the spirit of patriotism and for many festivals that have continued over centuries.
The Indian Startup sector is flourishing, and is now the third largest in the world.
The two leaders welcomed the idea of holding informal Summits as an additional engagement at leadership level, besides the Annual Summits between the two leaders.
Vaccination efforts are progressing at a quick pace, helping women and children in particular.
He said an additional Rs. 40,000 crore was also being invested in the state through various projects under implementation.
There are crores of people in such professions in our country.
MoU on Cooperation between Foreign Service Institute, Ministry of External Affairs, India and Oman Diplomatic Institute.
We believe that permanent solution to the issue of Palestine is ultimately contained in negotiations and understanding through which a path to a peaceful coexistence can be obtained.
It is a delight to be among smart innovators of smart India,” he added.
Even in films, a lot is exhibited regarding its grandeur and magnificence and most truly so, the dimensions ofKumbh are vast – supremely divine, as much magnificent.
The Prime Minister emphasized that the pursuit of science is fulfilled through the achievement of two objectives: generation of profound or disruptive knowledge; and use of that knowledge for socio-economic good.
He said something very pertinent – What is Nation?
The most important duty of the Commission is to ensure that any new railway line to be opened for passenger traffic should conform to the standard and specifications prescribed by the Ministry of Railways and the new line is safe in all respects for carrying the passenger traffic.
Our partnership has immense potential to promote regional growth, development, stability and prosperity in Asia.
Archaic laws have been repealed, and the burden of compliances has been reduced.
It will have jurisdiction over four districts namely Darjeeling, Kalimpong, Jalpaiguri and Cooch Behar.
“Heartiest congratulations to our space scientists for yet another successful launch of PSLV.
The converted locos will result in less Green House Gas emissions and better efficient locomotives for the Indian Railways.
The PM said that this visit is aimed at enhancing the bilateral engagement in various areas.
If you are capable of doing then it will be your strength.
A commitment to rebuild a peaceful, and stable and prosperous Afghanistan our shared objective.
Reviewing the progress of the Forest Rights Act, the Prime Minister emphasized the importance of using space technology to determine the rights of tribal communities, and settle claims expeditiously.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has approved an Agreement on Trade, Commerce and Transit between India and Bhutan.
Let me first congratulate the Department of Biotechnology, Government of India, the Government of Gujarat and the Nobel Media, who have brought this exhibition to Science City for five weeks.
These people are the real Agents of Change, pioneers of transformation.
This Rudraksh will be a gar-land of love of Japan for Varanasi.
I felt good to see Shriman Darshan ji think about sharing with others what he gained from it.
Prime Minister added that Pradhan Mantri Bhartiya Janaushadhi Pariyojna was launched with this intention so that poor, lower middle class and middle class get access to affordable medicines and their financial burden is reduced.
These would help financially strengthen both LIC and the bank, as well as their subsidiaries which offer financial products such as housing finance and mutual funds.
But by this you will understand that crores of vehicles are purchased every year in the country.
Addressing the gathering on the occasion, Prime Minister said that India had the rich tradition of communities taking lead, to solve the challenges faced by an era.
He said the buses and trucks would assist the efforts towards affordable public transportation; water treatment plants will help supply clean water; and community clinics will benefit about 2 lakh people, in Bangladesh.
This has together contributed about 75 billion US dollars in revenue.
The legal profession is also opening up to the promises of the digital world.
The civic sense of “entitlement” must be suitably balanced by a civic sense of “responsible engagement.”
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the “Memorandum of Understanding (MoU)” between “Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI)” and “Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (CPA Canada)”.
I am very happy to be talking to you in Jaffna today through Live Video Link.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered noble ideals and thoughts of Maharshi Valmiki, on Valmiki Jayanti.
(iv) CCI and Directorate General for Competition of the European Commission;
We have also launched a vehicle scrapping policywhich will help replace old vehicles with cleaner and energy efficient vehicles.
Udupi was honoured for cleanliness twice in 1984 and 1989.
First of all, I congratulate the newly elected deputy chairman Shriman HarivanshJi on behalf the entire house and myself.
He appreciated their penance and sacrifice, amid harsh conditions.
Over the years, the demand for hessian bags has eroded and to that extent, it has been found to be no longer commercially viable to run the company;
The first twenty meetings of PRAGATI have seen a cumulative review of 183 projects with a total investment of Rs. 8.79 lakh crore.
He said this Centre would help the artisans and weavers showcase their skills to the world, and facilitate a brighter future for them.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today presented certificates to innovative officers of the Indian Army.
The task which is pending from the days of independence has to be completed fast now.
He said that in just 100 days, over 6 lakh people had benefited from the Pradhan Mantri Jan ArogyaYojana.
He exhorted them to take up a sport, and pursue it regularly.
Cabinet approved the Framework on Currency Swap Arrangement for SAARC Member Countries on March 1, 2012 with the intention to provide a line of funding for short term foreign exchange requirements or to meet balance of payments crises till longer term arrangements are made or the issue is resolved in the short-term itself.
It is a relationship that truly meets the test of strategic partnership.
I would like to add that GST will also be the best example of cooperative federalism.
MoU between Government of Gujarat and Korea Trade Promotion Agency (KOTRA)
These projects are cumulatively worth over 3500 crore rupees, the Prime Minister said.
The FS group is fully owned by Government and is under Ministry of Treasury, Italy.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Rohan Bopanna and Divij Sharan on winning Gold in Men’s Doubles Tennis event at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta – Palembang, Indonesia.
(e) Terminally ill convicts.
In a series of tweets from his Twitter Account the Prime Minister said, “I am extremely honoured to be visiting Nagpur tomorrow, on the very special occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti
Talking about the strides made by the Government, PM said Ujjwala has brought cheers to many and nearly six crore LPG connections have reached to the households of the poorest of the poor since May 2016.
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
• 121 Cartridge Based Nucleic Acid Amplification Test (CBNAAT) Machines existed till 2016.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for revision of pay scales for about 8 lakh teachers and other equivalent academic staff in higher educational institutions under the purview of the University Grants Commission (UGC) and in Centrally Funded Technical Institutions, following implementation of the recommendations of the 7th Central Pay Commission for Central Government employees.
But cleanliness is more about a habit than a movement.
It must reflect changes in the global economy, and the rising share of emerging economies.
“Well played again, Leander Paes and Martina Hingis.
It is a change where people are increasingly willing to contribute for the sake of service to society.
He mentioned the mobile manufacturing unit of Samsung, inaugurated recently in Noida.
Brothers and sisters, today, the country is moving ahead celebrating the festival of honesty.
The MoU provides for setting up of a Joint Working Group in order to promote bilateral exchanges in the field of agriculture, consider long-term initiatives for agricultural cooperation, and promote cooperation in order to reduce phytosanitary risks in exported goods also through the definition of specific joint procedures.
Asserting that India is today the fastest growing economy in the world, the Prime Minister said that as per an international report, poverty is declining in India at a record pace.
In the process the defence sector suffered.
It has also decided to set up a Commission, under section 340 of the Constitution, to sub categorize the OBCs, so that the more backward among the OBC communities can also access the benefits of reservation for educational institutions and government jobs.
Once, I saw a selfie of a sarpanch with a daughter and referred to the same in Mann Ki Baat.
It aims at working as a strong regional inter¬governmental body for combating wildlife crime by attempting common goals and approaches for combating illegal trade in the region.
Tunneling technology
To achieve this vision, we need to be very efficient in terms of project and resource management.
If we start taking pride in our legacy and if we abandon those things which are out of sync with the time, and that kind of thing doesn’t last either.
Those who like exporting terror, I want to tell them that India has changed and their antics will not be tolerated
The award will be presented by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
This Paris based Association is currently holding its general assembly in India, for the first time.
This will enable the Central PSUs to intensify trading activities to cool down prices.
Thank you for giving me this opportunity.
We also wish to explore new areas, like pearl farming.
Though rest of Sarpanchs will be busy in other 50 works except this basic one.
Look how the solutions to problems are found, this is the power of the people.
Giving illustrations of effective delivery, the Prime Minister mentioned clearance of sugarcane arrears, new LPG connections, and PSUs such as Air India and BSNL reporting operational profits.
Work is in progress at fifty other Centres.
It is also decided that in addition to NAFED, Food Cooperation of India (FCI) will take up PSS operations in states /districts.
Today in every home, the first thing that the parents dream of is to give their children good education.
If my NCC cadets take up this task on a mission mode then no one will have courage to drag the country towards corruption.
He will distribute 1000 solar lanterns to rickshaw, pushcart and street vendors.
The Prime Minister said that with the abolition of interviews for Government jobs in Class-III and Class-IV categories, the Government is giving a unique gift to the youth of India on January 1st, 2016.
A lot yet remains to be done.
This MoU would be a significant mile-stone in the collaboration between two countries in education sector.
One just does not have to open account and get stuck.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Protocol amending the Convention between India and Portugal for avoidance of double taxation.
Skill Development is a national priority for India and the United Kingdom and a key part of the bilateral partnership.
This is the day to remember the members of the Constituent Assembly.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a proposal for revision of policy of Ministry of Defence for providing Defence land to Communication Operators for construction of Shared Communication Towers and allied Infrastructure, based on experience in implementing the policy and guidelines issued by Department of Telecommunications (DoT) for issue of clearance for installation of Mobile Towers.
Clearly, it is not just diamonds that can bring shine to our partnership.
During the visit, we will review developments in our bilateral relations, especially the extensive programme of development cooperation and socio-economic assistance that India is undertaking in Myanmar, and explore new areas in which we can work together.
Over the last 3 years we have seen a spirit of positive competition among states towards making business easier.
Only by respecting the sovereignty of countries involved, can regional connectivity corridors fulfill their promise and avoid differences and discord.
We need women engineers, masons and building artisans supporting reconstruction, and women self help groups assisting livelihood recovery.
From just twenty eight million dollars in 1966-67, exports reached one billion dollars in 1982-83 and two billion dollars in 1987-88.
He said he was honoured to have got the opportunity to pray at Deekshabhoomi.
More than 90 percent of the FDI approvals have been put on automatic route.
Mr. Han Zheng said that Prime Minister Modi’s visit to Shanghai last year, and the resultant increased awareness about India, has led to an increase in the number of people from Shanghai visiting India.
Too much blood has flown down Kabul River.
In this context, he mentioned various scandals that had hit the headlines at that time, including coal, CWG, spectrum etc.
We have built a vibrant economic partnership.
Speaking about the health sector, he said there was tremendous scope for investment in the manufacturing of medical devices.
He will visit Tesla Motors and will meet top officials of IT companies, including Tim Cook (Apple Inc.), Satya Nadella (Microsoft), Sundar Pichai (Google) and Shantanu Narayen (Adobe).
We look forward to welcoming her in India again later this year.
Enhancing science-based management and conservation of marine living resources.
I wish to see more and more Korean businesses turning their attention to India.
01.01.2007 notionally with actual benefit w.e.f.
Indian soldiers have served in blue helmets so that Africa’s children can look to a future of peace.
Our trade and investment flows are substantially growing.
Our youth has brought a paradigm shift in the nature of job.
And, I look forward to visiting all regions of Africa in the years ahead.
In this context, he also mentioned the Rafale fighter planes, and said these will start joining the Air Force within a few months, as a result of the efforts of the Union Government.
I am told that the North-East will have its first completed Smart Command and Control Centre as early as October 2019.
IT professionals explained their efforts towards social volunteering, especially in skilling and cleanliness.In response to an observation, the Prime Minister asserted that the symbol of the Swachh Bharat Mission is the spectacles of Bapu, the inspiration is Bapu and we are fulfilling Bapu’s vision.
At the invitation of His Excellency Yoweri Kaguta Museveni, President of the Republic of Uganda, the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi undertook a State Visit to Uganda from 24-25 July 2018.
When we witness new technology, or a new scientific feat, we are left overwhelmed with joy.
Indeed, we live in a world where preachers of hate and violence are threatening the fabric of our society.
The powers for clearances with respect to CRZ-II and III have been delegated at the State level with necessary guidance.
He said good governance should be a priority for the officers.
We have lowered the corporate tax from 30% to 25 % particularly for new investments and smaller ventures;
The Stor Palace will again stand as a symbol of your priceless heritage.
The first destination of the PM will be in Guntur, in Andhra Pradesh where he will unveil several projects at Yetukar Bypass, Guntur.
We will play a big role in the transformation of the nation, if we make a collective effort.
He held the position as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu five times.
He said that the gathering today is part of the effort to transform the State of Uttar Pradesh.
We have individually strived very hard to fight terrorism and violent extremism.
The Prime Minister said that Buddha’s message of love and compassion can be of immense benefit to the world today.
We have been living these virtues since our childhood and that is why compassion, kindness, brotherhood and harmony are naturally a part of us.
We have to prepare a far reaching plan keeping in view the Olympics in 2020, 2024, 2028.
Gardens and orchards sport a verdant green.
Its reality rests in your immense contribution to the economic and social well-being of this great country.
But the one who gets Purpose of his life, never tires and never relents heads for his goal taking every help available in the process, have his fights and face challenges till his task is fulfilled.
The Cabinet also granted approval for expenditure incurred on subsidy amount released to LIC during the period of 2003-04 to 2014-15 for VPBY, 2003 and approval to incur expenditure on VPBY, 2003 and 2014 from the financial year 2015-16 onwards.
The Prime Minister and Ms. Bishop also discussed regional and global issues of mutual interest.
These include structural and institutional reforms.
Addressing a large public meeting on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that today’s inauguration will make every Kutchi proud.
iii. Establishing a Japanese language education centre for trainee candidates of care workers;
He dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory to the nation.
A large number of employment opportunities will be created in the process.
India’s membership of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization will be a valuable platform to work closely on regional security and counter-terrorism efforts with Tajikistan.
The Prime Minister recounted how the Union Government has begun a series of unprecedented projects for the nation’s development.
Honourable Ministers and Excellencies from various countries, representatives and delegates from partner countries, corporate leaders, invitees, participants and delegates, dignitaries on the dais, young friends, Ladies & Gentlemen!
It places elimination of poverty by the end of 2030 and economic development at the top of our priorities, but with equal emphasis on sustainability of our environment and our habitats.
Gift city is the first ground up truly smart city in the country.
Don’t you feel that whenever a vendor comes to your door to sell something, on his rounds, when we come into contact with small shopkeepers, vegetable sellers, auto rickshaw drivers – in fact any person who earns through sheer hard work – we start bargaining with him, haggling with him: “No not so much, make it two rupees less, five rupees less!”
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the Navy personnel, on Navy Day.
During the discussions, Prime Minister Modi and President Museveni underlined the traditionally warm and close ties between Uganda and India.
The number to give a missed call on is 81908-81908.
The Prime Minister was greeted enthusiastically by people as he arrived to pay homage, first at the Maha Samadhi Mandir, and then at Vaidika Mutt.
PASSEX were held in September 2017 off Western India, October 2017 off Western Kyushu, Japan, November 2017 in the Sea of Japan, January 2018 off Mumbai and May 2018 off Visakhapatnam and September 2018 off the Gulf of Aden.
You too would feel that, you would’ve committed the same mistake.
Centre and State should collaborate and take up this challenge this year.
He said a strong and capable India has a vital role to play for humanity.
That is, an achievement rate of only about 63 percent.
We need to develop an Inter-Ministerial National Mission in the Cyber-Physical Systems to secure our future by creation of basic R&D infrastructure, manpower and skills.
We have struggled for opportunity, and also for justice, which, the African wisdom describes, is the prime condition of humanity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with Chief Secretaries of States and Union Territories.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will be visiting Israel on 4-6 July, 2017.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and the Prime Minister of UK, Mr. David Cameron, today attended the UK-India CEO Forum.
Both leaders welcomed intensification in the interaction involving India and Afghanistan with regional and other countries and international organisations to foster peace, stability and development in Afghanistan.
He said a teacher is known by the accomplishments of his students.
The Sounding Rockets made by Odisha university students have also created many records.
• “Deposit Takers” include all possible entities (including individuals) receiving or soliciting deposits, except specific entities such as those incorporated by legislation.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the manufacturing unit coming up in Tumkur would not be an ordinary one, but one which would make the whole world take notice.
The Prime Minister said that India is not just a market of 1.25 billion, we have skills and a government which is open to business.
After 8th November it is now Rs. 100 everywhere glittering.
Economy growing at a fast pace, was not acceptable to the.
Why is it that subsidies going to the well-off are portrayed in a positive manner?
We believe that our common prosperity and security require us to evolve, through dialogue, a common rules-based order for the region.
Five new Metro Rail Projects covering a total length of over 140 kilometers have been approved.
In India, this has been accorded great importance for centuries.
Emphasizing the significance of the occasion, when a stamp on the theme of “Ramayana” is being released in the precincts of the Tulsi Manas Temple, the Prime Minister said that stamps have a special place in society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Maghar in SantKabir Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh on June 28, 2018.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the Subhas Chandra Bose museum at Red Fort, New Delhi on 23 January 2019.
This is a holy act, everyone must do it.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched the health assurance scheme: Ayushman Bharat – Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana – at Ranchi, Jharkhand.
It is preventable.
He will also witness the Exchange of MoUs for Jan Aushadhi Kendras.
Center will also provide all possible assistance to the state for early restoration of the power infrastructure affected by the flood.
The Final BEPS Project identified 15 actions to address BEPS in a comprehensive manner.
Mr. John Chambers, Chairman, CISCO, today called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity.
The Agreement will:
Prime Minister has welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families, ahead of the summits.
An attempt has been made to align the Indian regulatory environment to international best practices.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the protocol amending the Convention and the Protocol between India and Israel, for avoidance of double taxation and for prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income and on capital.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Palestine on Cooperation in the field of Information Technology and Electronics (IT&E)
After the talks, President Tran Dai Quang and Prime Minister Modi witnessed the exchange of agreements on atomic energy, trade, agriculture and fishery, among others.
I hope that we all strive towards accomplishing the maximum possible tasks that are of public importance and significant to the country for the welfare of the people and the country.
We aspire for an India that is strong and self-reliant, a nation that maintains a steady pace of progress, an India that keeps scaling new heights; an India that enjoys goodwill in the world.
Even the basic amenities such as electricity connection, water connection, a small house, Life Insurance are far from accessible.
When terrorism and extremism have become the most destructive force of our times, the message of Sufism has global relevance, he added.
He said trusting the common man, through self attestation of documents is one such initiative.
All around there is an atmosphere of spirituality, an air of festivities, an atmosphere of bhakti, of reverence.
The new Metro Rail Policy provides for rigorous assessment of new metro proposals and proposes an independent third party assessment by agencies to be identified by the Government like the Institute of Urban Transport and other such Centres of Excellence whose capacities would be augmented, as required in this regard.
This will help to develop Agra as a modern world class smart city, befitting its stature as a premium tourist destination.
I do hope that you will pay a visit to the National Soldiers’ Memorial and the National Police Memorial.
Their sustainable use can bring prosperity; and, give us clean energy, new medicines and food security beyond just fisheries.
When we speak of climate justice, we demonstrate our sensitivity and resolve to secure the future of the poor from the perils of natural disasters.
• 1.11 crore persons have subscribed for Atal Pension Yojana (APY).
BRICS Working Group on Geospatial Technology and Application (2 March 2016, Noida) 43.
There was a time when, like many other aspects of governance, the critical issue of defence preparedness was also hampered by policy paralysis.
India beats in your hearts.
A fresh and pleasant air of IT to society, We-not I, a transformation from the individual to the community is imbibed in this.
MoU between Republic of India and Republic of Argentina for cooperation in the field of Tourism
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has congratulated scientists at the Indian Space Research Organisation for the successful launch of GSAT-6.
We have joined hands with other nations in the combined fight against terrorism.
This is the era of honesty and integrity; there is no place for those who cheat the system, the Prime Minister said.
Therefore the government aims at providing every poor of the village and the city with his own house by the year 2022.
This ferry service shall reduce the travel time between Ghogha in Saurashtra, and Dahej in South Gujarat, from about seven or eight hours, to just over an hour.
1. Diesel Subsidy Scheme for farmers in affected areas: It has been decided to provide diesel subsidy to farmers to enable them to provide life saving irrigation through diesel pump sets in drought and deficit rainfall areas to protect standing crops (allocation of Rs.100 crore).
(19). Liquid Waste Management projects may be undertaken through PPP mode.
Today’s program is in a way panchamrit or laden with 5-nectars I have had the opportunity of attending these five programs on the death anniversary of Abdul Kalam – Monument of Abdul Kalam ji, Rail, Road, Earth, and the sea.
The Prime Minister encouraged Mr. Cook to help the global community to cope with the challenges of cyber-crime.
Similarly, the Bureau of Indian Standard Act has also been enacted.
The other two pillars are consultation and coordination on global political issues and trilateral collaboration in concrete areas and projects.
Under this campaign immediately after the formation of the government, a Special Investigation Team – SIT, has been set up by the Cabinet in its first decision.
He emphasized the importance of continuous innovation and enhancement of administrative capacities and processes.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has today given its approval for changes in the rural welfare programmes for a focussed and targeted intervention in poverty reduction, expanding the benefits of interest subvention under National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) to 100 more districts and flexibility in allocation to Himayat programme and Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushal Yojana for skilling and placing more youth from poorer sections.
He said the technology transfer envisaged in this project will benefit Indian Railways, and boost the “Make in India” initiative.
He also asked them to engage young officers to research related issues.
PM Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings to people of Gujarat on their statehood day.
They welcomed the growing convergence on contemporary global issues and agreed to enhance India-EU cooperation in all multilateral fora.
We have also established a Defence Investors Cell to assist and handhold the investors involved in Defence Production.
And, in the international arena, your support has made it more possible for India to take her rightful place in global institutions and regimes.
The Prime Minister said that the world is now in a technology- driven era, where growth of digital infrastructure is as important as growth of physical infrastructure.
3. Net increase of 277 posts of DIG/Commandant/2-l/C (JAG level).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condemned the attack on CRPF personnel in Pulwama, Kashmir.
“Our Scientists must commit themselves to addressing problems of affordable healthcare, housing, clean air, water and energy, agricultural productivity and food processing.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary.
Such was his sense of honesty & commitment that the farmer, the worker right up to the industrialist trusted him with full faith.
It should enhance comparative advantages, boost economic growth, promote economic transformation of BRICS countries, strengthen sustainable industrial production capacity, create networks of science parks and technology business incubators, and support small and medium-sized enterprises in technology intensive areas.
The Prime Minister said that today, the life of a sportsperson can span several decades.
No one is big or small in this campaign.
Procedures for obtaining clearances from various agencies have been simplified.
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of sewerage network project for the western part of Agra. under AMRUT scheme.
He added that it will help bring the required speed and scale to work being done in India.
Prayers with families of the deceased.
Our membership of BRICS, East Asia Summit, G20 and now Shanghai Cooperation Organisation gives our partnership a global character.
The two leaders agreed that as two major powers growing rapidly, bilateral relations between India and China are vital for the realization of 21st Century as ‘Asian Century’.
The use of capital markets for financing infrastructure is rare.
You must definitely come for this inspirational pilgrimage.
Our factories are humming with activity again.
He said the Government aims to Reform; Perform; Transform.
Today on this occasion, I salute the great revolutionary and daughter of the nation Rani Gaidinliu.
The key recommendations and elements of the policy have been formulated to support and boost development of this crucial sector.
And today, when I’m in Rameshwaram, I am reminded of the efforts made by the people here.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of veteran journalist and former Rajya Sabha member, Kuldip Nayar.
Recognizing that terrorism continues to remain the single most significant threat to peace and stability in our region, we reiterate our strong commitment to combat terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, and stress that there can be no justification for acts of terror on any grounds whatsoever.
Just a while ago, President Sirisena, Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe and I dedicated to the people a new 150-bed hospital complex in Dickoya, which has been constructed with Indian assistance.
The Prime Minister said that it is necessary to reduce human intervention in processes, and increase the use of modern and digital technologies.
He said the projects whose foundation stones are being laid today will give impetus to Bihar’s development.
Over 31 million loans have been sanctioned to entrepreneurs for a total value of nearly 19 billion dollars this year.
We hope that this would inspire you to visit us more often.
I extend my heartiest greetings to you all, until the next episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, when I shall share my thoughts with you once again.
3. The quantities of iron ore proposed for supply to JSMs and POSCO, South Korea through MMTC Limited under these LTAs will be of grade +64% Fe content.
Accordingly, they requested to transfer of the 5.99 acres land to them.
With significant presence of Indian companies in Kenya, our investment partnership is robust, diverse and vibrant.
Paid maternity leave has been increased from 12 weeks to 26 weeks, along with provision of crèches to incentivise women employment in the formal sector.
In turn, BITs help project India as a preferred foreign direct investment (FDI) destination as well as protect outbound Indian FDI.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today delivered his address on the third and concluding day of the Conference of Directors-General of Police, at Dhordo, Kutch.
He cautioned officers that the use of social media should not lead to a decline in this strength, even as social media and mobile governance are leveraged for connecting people to benefits and government schemes.
However, the employer contribution will be maintained at 12%.
Her cool approach to the game shall surely help the entire team.
Technologies like 3D films (without glasses), Holographic Projection, Kinetic Projection, Oculus based Virtual Reality experience etc have been used in the exhibition.
5. The compensation amount will be given subject to the condition that no employment has been provided to any of the family members of the victims by State or Central Government.
I feel the self-control exercised by each one of them in conduct is worth understanding and emulating.
In our country, people ranging from the common man to the President, have at some point or another, advocated simultaneous conduct of state and national elections.
It means- O, Lord, peace should prevail all around in all three “Lokas”,in water, in air, in space, in fire, in wind, in medicines, in vegetation, in gardens, in sub conscious, in the whole creation.
The Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009, is effective from 1st April, 2010.
6. Other areas of cooperation that may be jointly decided upon by both the Sides.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Jhansi today.
On the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti tomorrow, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit the aspirational district of Bijapur in Chhattisgarh.
7.Had a detailed exchange of views on the regional issues of mutual interest, including the political and economic developments in Latin America, the CELAC and the Pacific Alliance, as well as the current situation in the Asia-Pacific region.
He had talked about the importance of federalism, federal system and stressed on Center and states working together for the upliftment of the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited the National Archives for the launch of the digitized files.
BRICS Smart Cities Workshop 19.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working tirelessly to fulfil the aspirations of the people.
Not only have many indicators improved, but they have improved by large margins.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
Seventy thousand traders also won the prizes instituted for them.
Her dedication towards weightlifting is truly admirable.”
It embodies peace and humanism, and is open to all people and religions.
The new universal access to banking through the Jan Dhan Yojana, has enabled plugging of huge leakages in subsidies.
He expressed confidence that the Delhi End TB Summit would be a landmark event towards the complete elimination of TB.
In this mutual and global pursuit I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner.
MeitY has entered into MoUs/Agreements with counterpart organizations/ agencies of various countries to promote close cooperation and exchange of information in the area of ICT.
Providing exit route to developers by way of divesting their equity upto 100% after completion of 2 years from the Commercial Operation Date(COD).
• Aim – reduce dysfunctional rate of bio-medical equipment in public health facilities valuing about Rs 11,000 crores (varies between 20% -60% in States)
And, in 1948 a portion of Mahatma Gandhi’s ashes were immersed at Clifford Pier, just across the bay from here.
The United Nations must keep pace with the changing world.
Signing the Agreement with Somalia shall facilitate the Indian prisoners imprisoned in Somalia or vice-versa to be near to their families, for serving remaining part of their sentence and shall facilitate their social rehabilitation.
2. Co-operation in setting up of latest railway R&D facilities in India;
A further amount of Rs. 265.87 crore has been released as first instalment of SDRF for 2016-17.
In his special message on the occasion, which was read out by Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that “the new joint venture will manufacture world famous Kalashnikov assault rifles of the newest 200 series and eventually will reach full localization of production.
They welcomed the holding of the Knowledge Summit, the first Indo-French conference on research and higher education, in New Delhi on 10th and 11th March 2018.
I once again thank you for your presence today.
Mr. Prime Minister, Distinguished members,
They agreed that more must be done by the international community to stem terrorism financing and welcomed the organization of an International Conference on Fighting Terrorism Financing in Paris in April 2018 by the French government.
Rs 2000 for Medium passenger vehicle
Today it can be said that no country can live alone.
In many regions the position of the planetary constellations determines the occurrence and celebration of festivals.
It has been informally described as the world’s most exclusive gastronomic society.
Foundation stone of IIT Dharwad and IIIT Dharwad to be laid
I urge the citizens of Surat to actively take part in this year’s Yoga Day in June and the ‘Run for Unity’ in October.
Greater connectivity of these islands with South East Asia was also discussed.
He noted the improvement in performance, asked the concerned officers to work towards further expediting the processing of patent and trademark applications.
To live in consonance and closed coordination with the nature has been an integral part of our tribal communities.
• Any other matter of joint interest
I know that there is an element of apprehension among some of the traders who have joined the mainstream that whether their old records would be tracked seeing their new businesses.
“Greetings to people across India on the various festivals.
And I will request the state governments to take this forward.
This was the time when the people of India, in every part of the country – be it a village or city, the educated or illiterate, the rich or poor, everyone came together shoulder to shoulder and became a part of the ‘Quit India Movement.’
He exhorted them to strive for the welfare and upliftment of people.He assured the delegation that he and his Government are committed to the empowerment of the people, and will stand shoulder to shoulder with the local government representatives for the welfare of the State, to fulfil the aspirations of the masses.
The Prime Minister’s interactions lasted a total of over nine hours.
They don’t possess any value in themselves.
The approval paves way for offshore wind energy development including, setting up of offshore wind power projects and research and development activities, in waters, in or adjacent to the country, up to the seaward distance of 200 Nautical Miles (EEZ of the country) from the base line.
Across the country, there were pioneers in journalism, who often gave up a life of comfort.
1. Marine Industrial Fishing, Aqua-culture and Research & Training in the field of Fisheries, 2.
The faster turnaround in hearings is expected to result in speedier approvals, thereby stimulating the business processes of corporates and resulting in greater employment opportunities in the country.
There is no strain of disappointment!
I had once mentioned to switch off the street lights on a full moon night and enjoy the moonlight for an hour.
For the youth in today’s age, along with studies, sports are also of great importance.
The Emir of Qatar Sheikh Tamim bin Ahmad bin Khalifa Al Thani called the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today over telephone.
Today, youth who had turned to the wrong path, are returning to the mainstream in large numbers.
Today, the Indian origin community in Tanzania is an important link between our people in the fields of business, healthcare, and education.
Time Magazine had opined that hovering over India then were the dangers of problems like partition, violence, food scarcity, price rise and power-politics.
(ii). legal and judicial documents or processes.
No poor person in this country should remain without shelter by 2022.
Distinguished Scientists and Students, You all have studied and are probably also experts of Quantum Mechanics.
5) The States in which people of Jammu & Kashmir are residing, whether they are Hindus, Muslims, Sikhs or Buddhists or of any religion, should approach them and should make efforts so that they can establish contact with their relatives in Jammu & Kashmir and can apprise them about their own progress and the progress in other States of India.
My dear countrymen, you must have heard about many a prestigious beauty contest.
The Joint Committee will be co-chaired for the Indian side by the Minister of Science & Technology and for the French side by the Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Development, or an official of the rank of Secretary in the Indian system and Director General in French system as designated by the respective countries.
We have also set up MUDRA Bank to fund the small traders who were unfunded so far.
It is dialogue which produces no anger or retribution.
Because it is the women power of our country who has contributed most for cleanliness.
Recently, Government of India has sanctioned ten India Reserve Battalions for North Eastern States which include two battalions for Manipur.
Since his tenure began Rashtrapati ji has endeared himself to the people of India through his simple & compassionate nature.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today reviewed the progress in the key infrastructure sectors of railways and roads.
The Prime Minister said, ” Saluting the indomitable spirit, determination & dedication of Nari Shakti on International Women’s Day.
The subject of reforms in the United Nations Security Council has been the focus of global attention for decades – unfortunately, without progress so far.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the spirit of ‘Nari Shakti’ on International Women’s Day.
With this decision, there would be uniformity in the marketing margin on domestic gas charged by gas marketers for the regulated sectors, namely, Urea and LPG.
Jagdishbhai was a veteran journalist and I had the pleasure of working with him for years, both in Gujarat and in Delhi.
In view of the significant increase in work load of ASRB a proposal was initiated for restructuring of the Board, and the Cabinet approved the proposal in October 1986 by increasing the membership from one to three of ASRB.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled his visit to France in April 2015 during which he interacted with a number of French business leaders, and appreciated the invaluable contribution of business leaders from both countries in strengthening the bilateral ties between India and France over the years.
Besides there is zero duty on import of pulses.
He thanked the Chief Minister of Tripura, Shri Biplab Kumar Deb, for his facilitation in completion of this work.
Research & Development
Beyond economic ties, and links of business, trade and investment, we can also partner in the field of defence and security.
This is expected to bring in transparency, expeditiousness and simplification in procedures in grant of mineral concessions.
By that yardstick, we have a long way to go.
The most important quality of a teacher, is to awaken in his students, a sense of creativity and the joy of learning.
He also said that scope for reform in many areas still exists.
In many parts of the world, there is uncertainty about the future, and how to deal with it as nations and societies.
My congratulations to all the organizations working for Rameswaram’s future, especially the the Vivekananda Kendra.
I look at the positive side of it, which is that even the parliament of the country is discussing about the issue of cleanliness in India.
He emphasized the need for tackling economic imbalances on priority.
I would like to reiterate that the Central and State Governments are committed to address the people’s genuine grievances and restore peace in the state.
Many of them played a decisive role in framing of our constitution.
But along with this, the house in UK where Baba Saheb lived – 10 King Henry Road has been purchased too.
Our societies share deep linkages rooted in the thought streams of hinduism and buddhism.
My mind goes back to 2001.
I do it every time, but this Diwali was an entirely different experience.
The proposed institution shall have a hospital with capacity of 960 beds.
Explaining how comprehensive the PMJAY is, the Prime Minister said it would cover 1300 illnesses, including serious illnesses such as cancer and heart disease.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Shri Kundan Shah.
He urged States to come out of the silos, and work cohesively with the Centre and which each other.
We will cooperate on training and building institutions.
The country is bigger than any of us.”
The campaign for clean India has moved from the streets of Delhi to every nook and corner of the country.
My dear countrymen, on 31st October on the Anniversary of Sardar Patel I had discussed about – “Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat” (One India, Best India).
The Prime Minister stressed on providing maximum benefit to the poor and marginalized sections of society, under this scheme.
The Government policies should be encouraging these small entrepreneurs.
Government of India has launched ‘Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojna’ to encourage infrastructure building.
The relocation of offices of IBM has already been effected for carrying out the responsibilities given to IBM.
This will result in coal transportation cost reduction as well as savings in energy used for transportation and may also result in removal of congestion of Railways network.
I condole the loss of lives.
But the priority of the Government now is how to help the honest, protect them, and ease their difficulty.How can honesty gain more prestige?
Students here represent the diversity of India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met a group of over 100 youth and children from Jammu and Kashmir.
I want to know your views.
Noting that, both sides agreed to set up a Joint Working Group on New and Renewable Energy at the earliest that would serve as a good platform for both countries to exchange ideas and forge mutually beneficial collaboration;
The Statement encompasses a broad range of fields, including: maritime security, maritime industry, maritime safety and navigation, and other areas of bilateral cooperation identified by both countries.
Firmly anchored in India’s transformational goals.
The Prime Minister said India has never harmed another country.
17. India and the EU reaffirmed their support for the continued full implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) regarding the Iranian nuclear issue.
I see that in the experiences that people have shared with me, they have spoken a lot about Yoga.
He interacted with Tribal Chiefs and eminent sportspersons from the islands.
They have also pointed out the work that remains to be done, before we can claim to have achieved our goal.
I will also share my thoughts on our future initiatives to take this wonderful partnership forward.
They had connected this people’s movement with devotion (Bhakti).
There isn’t enough time today, but I would certainly like request the bankers to upload these inspiring stories, on MyGov.in, so that people can read them and be inspired by how a scheme can bring about transformation in the life of a person, how it can bring a new energy, a new confidence – hundreds of examples have come before me.
It is a priority sector in our “Make in India” programme.
The Government shall also take care of all contingent liabilities of HVOC that may arise in future due to pending cases in various courts/tribunals/authorities.
17. Agreed to set up the SU-30 Forum for cooperation in training, maintenance, technical support and safety-related issues, building on the assistance by India for successful completion of the SU 30 MKM training programme by Indian pilots in Malaysia;
India appreciated the significant role played by Uganda for economic integration and maintenance of peace and stability in the Region.
It has revealed in the studies conducted by Coventry University and Radboud University that Yoga not only provides relief to our bodies but it can also reverse those molecular reactions taking place in our DNA that cause illness and depression.
During the freedom struggle Mahatma Gandhi did something very different.
The two leaders underscored the importance of steady expansion of contacts between Indian states and Japanese prefectures.
The Prime Minister condemned the incident and directed the authorities to bring to book and punish the culprits for committing such inhuman act.
For those who are not yet present in India,I extend an invitation and encourage you to explore the opportunities.
During a match in Kolkata one player from the opposite team hit him on the head with the hockey stick.
Secretary Mattis briefed Prime Minister on the progress in advancing the bilateral agenda and implementing the decisions taken during that visit.
They acknowledged the importance of effective implementation of the Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction 2015-2030, in areas such as early warning mechanism, water resource management, use of space-based technology and disaster resilient infrastructure.
And you’ll witness for yourself the positive change that it will bring about in you.
The Bill provides for repealing of Merchant Shipping Act, 1958 as well as for the repealing of the Coasting Vessels Act, 1838.
The Prime Minister was speaking at a public meeting for the inauguration of the Centenary Celebrations of His Holiness Jagadguru Dr. Sri Shivarathri Rajendra Mahaswamiji of Sri Suttur Math at Maharaja College ground in Mysore.
The meeting will be attended by over 40 delegates, including Cabinet Ministers, top officials of the Government and RBI, industry representatives, top bankers and leading economists and sectoral experts.
The 182 metre statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, was dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary, at Kevadiya in Narmada District of Gujarat.
India gave the message of good governance, non-violence and Satyagraha, he added.
Commissioner of Metro Railway Safety (Dy.CMRS) and supporting staff will be taken up with the Department of Expenditure, Ministry of Finance.
This is a fact acknowledged by Indians and foreigners, and by critics and supporters of this Government.
o We have moved up thirty two places in the last two years in the Global Competitiveness Index of the World Economic Forum.
The Bonds will be raised by the Ministry of New & Renewable Energy (MNRE) through the Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA) during the 2017-18.
He said that women are enterprising, have enormous inner strength for self-reliance during odd circumstances, and they need only opportunities to perform.
1. Greetings to my fellow Indians on Independence Day.
I have no doubt that we will reinforce prosperity for our 1.9 billion people.
But they are not all yogis.
For the past four and half years, the scheme has been transformingthe length and breadth of India.
The challenges in the Maritime domain are a shared concern.
It was agreed at Kigali that there would be two set of baselines or peak years for developing countries and India will have baseline years of 2024, 2025, 2026.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
This decision is a structural reform.
We are celebrating 10 years of our partnership under BRICS.
Sports are considered a waste of time in our society.
The values and ideals of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and INA were once again brought to the fore by PM in Andaman & Nicobar Islands, on 30 December 2018.
The Prime Minister recalled that when former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee wanted to include Shri Venkaiah Naidu in his Cabinet, then Venkaiahji had requested for the Rural Development portfolio.
The Prime Minister will also lay the Foundation Stone for the Centre for Tribal Studies, Acharya Vinoba Bhave University, Hazaribagh.
He said the aim of teachers should be to avoid creating robots, but to nurture an entire generation.
All of us here have a cardinal duty to ensure that our future generations lead a life of peace, dignity and mutual respect.
Similarly, he said, this attempt at CEOs partnership with Government is aimed at enhancing their participation towards welfare of the people, and the nation.
I see this as a win-win proposition for the U.S. and for India.
An all Women Market was envisaged so that women do not face any hardship in selling their products.
It inspires us to dedicate ourselves to a cause for the country.
Development, testing and operation of space objects and ground system
We want world-classtechnologies to achieve our goal in a faster and cleaner way.
He expressed concern on the incident and requested for details.
iv. The designated Airline of each party can enter into cooperative marketing arrangements with the designated carriers of same party, other party and that of a Third party.
Money was being paid from the exchequer, the schemes existed on paper, and the country continued to be robbed.
In addition, there shall be a teaching block, administrative block, AYUSH block, auditorium, nursing college, night shelter, hostel and residential facilities.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to school education and literacy.
This self confidence, this very positivity will by a catalyst in realising our resolve of New India, of making our dream come true.
Indian company, IRCON, is helping improve the rail infrastructure in Malaysia.
This follows from a series of time bound policy decisions.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding between India and Lithuania for cooperation in the field of agriculture.
He also mentioned India’s progressive policy in the hydrocarbon sector, and sought Canadian cooperation in the areas of coal gasification and underground mining of coal.
He used to remark, on the one hand, inspired by Maoism, ‘Workers of the world unite’, on the other he would say, workers, come, unite the world.
We will restore the balance between ecology and economy, and between our inheritance and obligation to the future.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) Notification, 2018 which was last reviewed and issued in 2011, with periodic amendments to some clauses.
The PM added,“It is our constant endeavour to simplify procedures for small entrepreneurs.
On Government e-Marketplace (GeM), he said the portal has improved transparency, and has reduced wasteful expenditure.
Dissolution of the National Commission for Backward Classes with effect from such date as the Central Government may appoint in this behalf and the National Commission for Backward Classes constituted under sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the said Act shall stand dissolved.
64 Officer Trainees of the 2014 and 2015 Batches of the Indian Foreign Service called on the Prime Minister today.
Details of the Indian Footwear, Leather & Accessories Development Programme
PLR will be calculated on the enhanced wage ceiling for calculation of Bonus at Rs. 7000/- per month.
(iv) It will not only provide direct connectivity but also connectivity through 3rd country carriers, which may also be viable for Indian carriers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated a hospital in Dickoya in Central Province of Sri Lanka, built with Indian assistance.
My best wishes and heartiest greetings on the occasion of this sacred festival of our Freedom.
He said the projects unveiled today would go a long way in developing sectors such as education, health, employment, skill development, transportation, power, sports and tourism.
His Excellency Ibrahim Mohamed Solih, President of the Republic of Maldives, welcomed and thanked His Excellency Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India, for visiting the Maldives to participate in the presidential inauguration ceremony.
But sometimes, when the rain unleashes full force of its fury, we come to realise the extent of the destructive might of water.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to the first President of India Dr. Rajendra Prasad on his birth anniversary today.
Which Indian wouldn’t be proud of this!
I will be reaching Washington DC on a bilateral visit in the evening of 6th June at the invitation of President Barack Obama.
The Prime Minister appreciated this initiative of CISCO, and emphasized its benefits in areas such as long distance education.
The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), a State Government entity, has also been allowed to borrow directly from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) Official Development Assistance (ODA) loan for implementation of Mumbai Trans Harbour Link (MTHL) project.
He mentioned the resolution of the land boundary issue, and various connectivity projects.
I welcome you all to Mumbai, the commercial capital of India.
The States except Arunachal Pradesh, Delhi, Kerala and Madhya Pradesh shall be excluded from NSSF investments from 01.04.2016.
Our societies and people have had age old ties and links.
Addressing media after the meeting, the Prime Minister thanked President Macron for the warm welcome and congratulated him for the election victory.
The speed at which the smooth transition has taken place, along with rapid migration and new registrations, has instilled a new sense of confidence in the entire country.
In a rapidly transforming mobility paradigm, India has some inherent strengths and comparative advantages.
Nearly 200 million Ru-pay cards were issued for easy cash-less transactions.
As the Monsoon Session of Parliament gets underway, we salute our farmers who have been ensuring food security for the country with their hard work.
This is in pursuance of the Constitution (One Hundredth Amendment) Act, 2015 and also allows for introduction of a Bill, namely, the Election Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2016 in Parliament.
Whether he can’t get any job without an interview?
Our shared struggles and suffering under colonial oppression brought our two countries together.
(NCGTC) would be the operating agency.
Today, India’s development cooperation with Sri Lanka amounts to US Dollars 2.6 billion.
Explaining the steps taken by the government to make India’s start-up ecosystem robust, Prime Minister said that the Government-e– Market Place (GEM) has been linked to Start-Up India portal so that start-ups can sell their products to government.
• The satellite, which weighs over 2 tonnes, has been fabricated in three years at a cost of over Rs. 230 crore.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief on loss of lives in tragic bus accident in Himachal Pradesh.
The Prime Minister complimented the State Government for the efforts made in meeting the challenges of the unprecedented situation.
In infrastructure and connectivity, transport and energy, we are poised to scale up our cooperation.
270 projects worth Rs. 10 lakh crore had been stuck.
He added that all post offices have now been recognized as payment banks, and this will be of great help in implementing Direct Benefit Transfer.
With the launch today, the first instalment of Rs 2,000 will be directly credited to the bank accounts of selected beneficiary farmers.
In this context, he gave the example of Mary Kom, who is winning gold medals even as she is Member of Parliament.
Just last week, I had a chance of meeting some daughters of Jammu & Kashmir.
We shall soon enter 2019.
That is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received.
Kochi was selected as a Smart City in Round One of the challenge process in January 2016.
The process is not yet complete.
In this regard it is important that, we, both the countries are issuing a special declaration against terrorism after our discussions today.
One of the famous tourism slogans of Malaysia is – “Malaysia, Truly Asia”.
He said thatmore than five crore people have benefitted from Pradhan MantriJeevanJyoti Yojana, by paying a very low premium of around Rs. 300.
I do believe that you will indeed do so.
She was a product of this university.
The hospital will have 20 Speciality/Super-Speciality Departments including 15 Operation Theatres.
Incidentally, 125 years ago, when Swami Vivekanandji spoke at the World Congress of Religions in Chicago, there were about four thousand people in the audience.
This will benefit about 48.41 lakh Central Government employees and 61.17 lakh pensioners.
During the interaction, the officers shared their experiences in areas such as development works; agriculture, irrigation and food-processing; inflation; public health; tribal and social welfare; female foeticide; and skill development.
He inaugurated the Varanasi Ring Road Phase 1, and the development and construction for four laning of Babatpur-Varanasi Section of NH-56.
“Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas.
It is estimated that the Allied and Healthcare Professions Bill, 2018 will directlybenefit around 8-9 Lakh existing Allied and Healthcare related professionals inthe country and several other graduating professionals joining workforce annually and contributing to the health system.
In a series of tweets Prime Minister said:
“Bilateral ties between our countries have always been strong.
I wish Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation a memorable stay in India.
During the event , PM recalled that during elections when he came here, he advocated about HIRA model of development i.e Highway, I Way, Railway, Airway.
But, we want to do it in a way that the snow on Kilimanjaro does not disappear, the glacier that feeds the River Ganges does not retreat and our islands are not doomed.
The KisanMandi will also have provision for online sales and. direct marketing through call centre etc.
Government of India has taken up a goal of quantum shift in Online delivery of Government Services across the country.
I was in Silicon Valley over the weekend.
(a) Creation of the GST Council as per Article 279A of the amended Constitution;
The ASEAN Mentor-ship for Entrepreneurs launched at this Summit is a commendable initiative that addresses another felt need of entrepreneurs.
You will find that along with it your own inner sufferings will go on disappearing.
We are eliminating corruption at all levels.
India has made rapid strides in meeting its commitment.
These included the Kulani, or village council; Sreni, or corporation; and Puga, or assembly.
When I talk of sleep, please don’t think I am asking you to sleep at the cost of your preparation for the exams.
That’s the capability of Indian scientists which has made the world stand up and applaud.
India is a youthful nation, and hence, we must harness our demographic dividend, he added.
These schemes have been empowering the poor people.
Jan Dhan – financial inclusion and banking for all.
It will also decongest the roads and provide an environment friendly mode of transport.
The Prime Minister recalled that it was former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, who had ensured the creation of three new states, including Chhattisgarh, in a peaceful and harmonious manner.
I am told, that the inauguration ceremony of Auroville in 1968 was attended by delegates of 124 nations.
Technology development in refining, nanotechnology, catalyst development, biofuel and alternate energy are areas we need to focus upon.
The Security Council must include the world’s largest democracies, major locomotives of the global
Hence, our country has the potential to provide the world with skilled manpower for many years to come.
The present sanctioned strength of Technical Group ‘A’ cadre of PESO is 137 having 60 Junior Time Scale (JTS) level officers, 46 Senior Time Scale (STS) level officers, 23 Junior Administrative Grade (JAG) level officers (Level 12), 7 JAG level officers (Level 13) and 1 Senior Administrative Grade (SAG) level post of Chief Controller of Explosives.
4. In pursuance of the aims of the Memorandum, the Japanese Language Teachers’ Training Centre was established in New Delhi on July 23, 2018 at its temporary location in the Human Resource Development Centre (HRDC) of the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU).
Your Majesty,
“Congratulations to P V Sindhu for her first super series title.
We may recall the freedom struggle movement in 1857 when every corner of the country was reverberating with the call for freedom.
A year ago, what the teacher had taught in the classroom, the whole scenario reappears in front of you.
A majority of those who laid down their lives were Sikhs.
It is said that Bhagini Nivedita was the inspiration.
In this context, he mentioned various Clean Energy initiatives of the Union Government like Ethanol Blending, Compressed Bio Gas plants, increased LPG coverage and introduction of BS-6 fuels for automobiles.
He reaffirmed India’s commitment to a robust and strong bilateral strategic partnership with the US.
They called upon all UN member countries to implement the UNSC Resolution 1267 and other relevant resolutions designating terrorist entities.
In international forums, our two countries have close cooperation and common approaches on matters of mutual interest.
I will be meeting with President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other eminent dignitaries.
From desktop to cloud, from internet to social media, from IT Services to Internet of Things,we have come a long way in a short time.
The land is to be leased by AAI on a token licence fee of Rs.1/- per annum for a period of seven years subject to signing of Lease Agreement.
Our Honourable President inaugurated this programme and the country got connected.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed on 15th February, 2016 between India and Sweden on Technical Cooperation in the Railway Sector.
Offered all possible assistance to those affected.
For furthering cooperation between the the agencies from India and Japan in area of food safety
The PDF shall be housed in Department of Commerce and operated through the EXIM Bank.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
The project will be rolled out in the entire country in a phased manner.
Today, every country of the world is keen to welcome any Indian stepping on its soil.
• The restructure GSTN, with 100% government ownership shall have equity structure between the Centre (50%) and the States (50%).
For this, they require specialized arbitration lawyers.
He said that the new generation in India must not be allowed to fall victim to the rising global tide of extremism.
He said that the Government is now focused on all-round development and the ferry has been made operational today.
The diligence with which she’s pursued sports and excelled at the world stage is extremely inspiring.
When Param Veer gallantry award winner Albert Ekka attained martyrdom for the country then a news was published in a newspaper that his wife was leading a life of penury and deprivation.
Let me welcome you once again to India, and wish you a fruitful and productive stay.
These steps are a reflection of the intent of the Government, he added.
I am honoured to welcome President Reuven Rivlin, and distinguished members of his delegation to India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the affection he receives in Kutch is unparalleled.
Every digital payment saves time.
We are hopeful of a breakthrough in the GST.
This train, Shraddha Setu, will give a boost to our mission of clean India.
Our revered Bapu and South Africa shared an unbreakable bond.
The 7th Indian Navy-to- JMSDF Staff talks were held in January 2018 in Delhi and the 2nd Indian Air Force-to-JASDF Staff Talks was held in June 2018 in Delhi.
• build your capacities and institutions;
We appreciate the friendship you have articulated towards India during your campaign.
The main programmatic components include Health System Strengthening in rural and urban areas, Reproductive-Maternal-Neonatal-Child and Adolescent Health (RMNCH+A) interventions and control of Communicable and Non-Communicable Diseases.
(e) Sharing good governance practices in public administration
The Ministry of AYUSH having the mandate to promote, propagate and globalize these Traditional Systems has taken effective steps by entering into MoU with 10 countries for Cooperation in the field of Traditional Medicine.
Such a chain of India’s saints is reflection and result of the living society.
And, I want to tell our small trader brothers and sisters that this is a ripe opportunity for them too to make their entry into the digital world.
In this context, he mentioned that all Government permissions, including construction permits are being issued faster than before.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for extending the existing Productivity Linked Reward (PLR) Scheme for Port and Dock employees for payment of Productivity Linked Reward from the year 2014-15 to 2015-16.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
Mr. Philippe Etienne, Diplomatic Advisor to the President of the French Republic called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
This will link Surjyamaninagar in Tripura with South Comilla in Bangladesh.
This is a major development that augurs well for the entire tourism sector in the country.
The Dina Thanthi has completed seventy five glorious years.
You do this without seeking an award or getting a headline.
But it is not just on the battle-fields, but also on the factory floors of defence manufacturing enterprises, that strategic decisions are made.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to those who lost their lives in the gruesome 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai.
Now, 99 percent of Indian house-holds have a bank account and more than 12 billion Dollars have been deposited in these accounts.
The Prime Minister exhorted farmers to use sprinkler and drip irrigation, latest farming techniques, and solar pumps.
Therefore don’t let your time go in vain.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, addressed the ‘Make in India: India-Japan partnership in Africa and digital partnership’ seminar, in Tokyo.
Your Majesty,
Terms of References of the JWG:
He inaugurated Garjee – Belonia Railway Line and several other development projects in the state.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a new scheme for promotion of Rural Housing in the country.
(10). If any TSP sells only a part of its spectrum holding in a band, both, buyer as well as seller, will be required to pay the remaining instalments of payment (in case seller had acquired the spectrum through auction and opted for deferred payment), prorated for the quantum of spectrum held by each of them subsequent to the spectrum trade.
My good wishes again to all my dear countrymen.
The Prime Minister said that through the MUDRA scheme, there are new opportunities available to entrepreneurs.
I am also happy to announce that to welcome more tourists from Thailand to India, and to help them enjoy their visits to Buddhist sites in India, we will soon facilitate double entry e-tourist visas for citizens of Thailand.
As our economies grow and our partnership thrives, we have a responsibility to ensure that it is not heavy handed on environment.
Twenty years before our independence, the leaders of our National Movement had linked India’s freedom struggle to the fight against colonial rule around the world, especially Africa.
We had a problem of water scarcity in our area and we used to depend on an army pipeline for the last forty years.
Our country is ‘Bahuratna vasundhara’ … the land of myriad gems.
Addressing a gathering in Srinagar today, he said, ”We will tackle every terrorist in a befitting way.
In order to provide him employment opportunities we are going to come out with two new initiatives, ‘formalizing the informal’ and ‘employing the unemployed.’
Your move to demonetize 1000 and 500 rupee notes is a commendable step.
Inaugurating the Pandit Deendayal UpadhyayaInstitute of Archaeology, Prime Minister said that the institute will provide modern amenities for research scholars and students from India and all over the world.
He has used Mahatma Gandhi’s teachings to mobilize people and to further the mission of creating a New India.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
He met a group of extraordinary women who have achieved something significanty new in their respective fields.
PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Coach Refurbishing Workshop in Jhansi.
Should I let out the secret?
He said that this has so far been extended to 45,000 villages in the Aspirational Districts.
I want to request you to kindly highlight this issue by sending a team there, or through the newspapers.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
The government has approved a national mission on interdisciplinary cyber physical systems with an investment of over three thousand six hundred crores.
The Ministerial Decision also contains disciplines to ensure that other export policies are not used as a disguised form of subsidies.
• Cleaner Environment: One crore lit of E-10 saves around 20,000 ton of CO2 emissions.
The capabilities of this satellite and other space-based technologies can support the full disaster risk management cycle – risk assessment, risk mitigation, preparedness, response and recovery.
During the visit, he held bilateral discussions with President Museveni at State House, Entebbe on Wednesday 24th July 2018.
It would help gradual capacity building of the Urban Local Bodies by setting ground for recovery of user charges on Polluter Pays Principle.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed condolences on the passing away of Union Minister Shri Ananth Kumar.
x. Amendment of clause 29 of the Bill to provide for laying of the annual report and the audit report along with memorandum of action taken on recommendations contained therein of State Authority constituted in Union Territories having no legislature before each house of the Parliament.
The decision commits Members to engage constructively in finding a permanent solution to this issue.
(viii). Off-grid renewable energy services;
We want to do better and better.
I am deeply honoured by the invitation to address this Joint Meeting of the U.S. Congress.
I was looking into the suggestions received for “Mann Ki Baat”.
The MoUs envisage organizing Youth Exchange Programmes with Indonesia and Kyrgyz Republic, and cooperation in other youth and sports related matters.
The satellite will facilitate DTH television, VSAT links, tele-education, telemedicine and disaster management support.
It will provide a platform to connect with various stakeholders, and collaborate for mutual prosperity.
‘Besabri’ is not a bad thing.
The Indian Strategic Petroleum Reserves Ltd.
Therefore, we have formulated a scheme for the insurance companies, especially crop insurance companies, to make them more proactive, to ensure quick settlements of claims for farmers.
A 25 member delegation from the Young FICCI Ladies Organisation called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
The CISF came into existence through the CISF Act 1968 amended in 1983 declaring the Force as Armed Force of the Union.
I greatly welcome the growing ties between our parliamentarians, and between our states and Japan’s prefectures.
Now as part of this exercise, RBI’s recommendation to issue two thousand rupee notes has been accepted.
The MOU was signed on 11th January 2017 in New Delhi.
Thank you for your remarks.
The medium of ‘Mann Ki Baat’ has promoted many a mass revolution. #indiapositive has been the subject of quite an extensive discussion.
Prime Minister Modi also addressed a large gathering of Indian Community in Uganda at a special event organized for this purpose.
As you all know, the 14th Finance Commission recommended that states be given an enhanced share of Central revenues as automatic devolution.
Wallet simply means an e-purse.
My friends from the social media can run a few creative campaigns and thus become a source of inspiration in the virtual world, to see results in the real world.
The pelters started laughing.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the mechanism and procedure for sale of the enemy shares.
“On the auspicious occasion of Cheti Chand, my best wishes to the Sindhi community.
A land where legends are born – of poetry and beauty, of valour and honour, of pride and generosity, of the warmest embrace of friendship and the strongest resistance for freedom.
Kenya’s future is in the hands of its youth.
He appreciated the sensitivity that has been shown in this regard by various departments of the Central and State Governments.
We also have a large, digitally literate, young population.
b) The Central Government will give approximately Rs 18,276 crores as interest subvention for 2016-17.
To sustain the efforts of being a Polio-free and maternal and neonatal tetanus free Nation, and to accelerate the full immunization coverage in the country, my Government has added to the world’s largest immunization drive another mission known as “Mission Indradhanush”.
In response to Indonesia’s appeal for international aid, the Prime Minister offered to the President of Indonesia all possible assistance from India as a maritime neighbour and friend of Indonesia.
This MoU will help in promotion of sports in the two countries and will promote exchange of ideas, values and culture amongst Youth and in developing friendly relations.
I would like to request you for 2nd October specially.
Dear youngsters, can you please help me?
It is the largest Health Insurance Scheme in the world.
You too download Apps of Banks on your mobile phones.
The lesson was so indelibly burnt into me that the large part of my time during the twenty years of my practice as a lawyer was occupied in bringing about private compromises of hundreds of cases.
Under the existing Rural Housing Scheme { Indira Awaas Yojana (IAY)} implemented by Ministry of Rural Development, financial assistance of Rs.70,000/- in plain areas and Rs.75,000/- in hilly/difficult areas including IAP districts, is provided to the rural BPL households for construction of a dwelling unit.
Both sides stressed the responsibility of those who support DPRK’s nuclear and missile programmes.
My congratulations to those who have made it possible, and best wishes to those who are trying to reach the target.
The Prime Minister said that the maximum benefit of enhanced infrastructure will be for the middle class, and the medium enterprises of the country.
“Anguished by the capsizing of a boat in Andhra Pradesh’s East Godavari district.
The Prime Minister said, “UK and India have known each other very well since several centuries.
It has been designed so as to minimize the chances of injuries and is compatible with the international standards.
Project will improve infrastructure in Punjab & will also help in uplifting the socio-economic condition of this region in the State.
Explaining the role of Gas Based Economy in moving towards Clean Energy, Prime Minister said that CGD network will play a major role in achieving Clean Energy solutions.
We are also conscious of the last mile operational issues in such policies.
We all know that, mobility has been key to the progress of humanity.
How difficult it would have been to remove these six crore names!
(d) Creation of two additional HAG level posts taking the grade strength from 6 to 8.
The proposal entails the following:
In course of the conversation today the Prime Minister explained India’s policies in the areas of climate change and environmental sustainability.
He added, “Power and energy matter immensely in the development journey of a nation.
Ministers, Chief Ministers as also Mayors and Commissioners of metropolitan cities will participate in brainstorming sessions on the sole issue of cleanliness.
The new policy empowers States to make rules and regulations and set up permanent Fare Fixation Authority for timely revision of fares.
Yoga makes the individual a better person in thought, action, knowledge and devotion.
I once again congratulate all scientists and send them my best wishes.
We have also taken up for particular emphasis the areas of information technology, youth and skills development in the assistance provided by India.
I have been told that the Technology Vision 2035 document released in last year’s Science Congress, is now developing into a detailed roadmap for twelve key technology sectors.
Mr. Sanjay Agarwal, Secretary, Agriculture
The annual financial implication for each of the post of the Director will be around Rs.25 Lakhs, as per the 6th CPC.
He had mentioned in Kannada “Kaay Kave Kailas”… it means, it is just through your perseverance that you can obtain Kailash, the abode of Shiva.
The Prime Minister said youth should become job creators instead of job seekers.
Speaking about the opportunity to hand over RuPay cards to women Self Help Groups, the Prime Minister said that he is happy to see enthusiasm towards digital transactions.
Several of these areas are indicative of our desire to diversify and broad-base engagement.
By 2022, how will Indian PSUs maximize their geo-strategic reach?
The Prime Minister, appreciating Mr. Cook, said that in India, ‘seeing is believing’ and added that these experiences would definitely steer Mr. Cook’s business decisions.
And, its humanism also upheld the place and status of women in society.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will flag off the maiden run of the train on New Delhi-Kanpur-Allahabad-Varanasi route train tomorrow morning from the New Delhi Railway Station.
And for this very reason, many countries of the world are today looking towards India for the launching of their satellites.
India is happy to note the unity of thought and purpose on this serious global challenge.
He expressed confidence of a renewable energy revolution over the next decade.
Efforts should be towards making the discussion more meaningful and robust.
I feel fortunate that the occasion of the great festival of Budha Purnima is celebrated as Vesak day by the United Nations.
AD- After dynasty- where everything happened.
We must address the problems of urban-rural divide and work for inclusive development, economic growth and employment generation.
We want to bring solar energy into our lives and homes, by making it cheaper, more reliable and easier to connect to grid.
Kerala has set an example worthy of emulation in this regard.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an interactive session with over 40 economists and other experts, organized by NITI Aayog, on the theme “Economic Policy – The Road Ahead.”
6. Memorandum of Agreement for Student Exchange between Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIMA) and Hiroshima University, Japan (April 2018).
As on date, integration of datasets of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries has been achieved on this Portal.
The total estimated cost of the project is Rs.4441 crore including maintenance and operation costs for 30 years.
I once again urge that we should try and take forward the Khadi movement.
The Prime Minister said that in addition to the public sector and private sector, the ‘personal’ sector, including small and medium entrepreneurs, was an important engine of economic growth and employment, and therefore he was focusing on it through initiatives such as Mudra Bank and skill development.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister noted that the festival of Raksha Bandhan is approaching.
These words reflect the divine message to the Holy Prophet that there is no compulsion in religion; And also that to every people we have appointed ways of worship which they observe.
The MoU aims at promoting the production of Pigeon Peas/Tur and other pulses in Mozambique by encouraging progressive increase in the trading of these pulses.
Terrorism must be delegitimized.
MSME sector will have a fair representation this time around 15%.
At the domestic level, this has been done by unveiling a National Action Plan to reduce carbon emissions, increase forest cover, and replacing traditional carbon fuels with renewable energy supplies.
In this context, he mentioned the great saint poet, Kabir, who also belonged to the same region.
The Chief Minister described the State’s efforts in building check dams, reviving lift irrigation schemes, and deploying mobile sprinkler units (rain guns) as part of the drought mitigation effort.
The MoU also aims for exchange of expertise and networking of information.
“Anguished by the fire in Mumbai.
• Supporting the multistakeholder model of Internet governance;
The Prime Minister said that 125 years ago, on the same day that has recently come to be known as 9/11, with just a few words, a youngster from India won over the world and showed the world the power of oneness.
Given the kind of efficiency and ability that is required in the economy of the 21st century, it is our responsibility to ensure that our youth are equipped with at least some skill-sets.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the African Asian Rural Development Organization (AARDO) for capacity building programmes in the field of rural development.
BRICS Consultations of Middle East Envoys 95.
The line connects Botanical Garden in Noida with Kalkaji Mandir in Delhi.
The proceeds from the bonds will be utilized by IWAI for development and maintenance of National Waterways (NWs) under National Waterways Act, 2016 (effective from 12.4.2016).
Earlier BPOs were only restricted to big cities, now it is spread to small towns and villages, creating employment opportunities.
He recalled that he had first met Dada Vaswani 27 years ago at the World Religions Conference in the United Nations.
As a result, over 43,000 individuals not covered so far under ECHS will be able to avail the benefits of cashless medical treatment under ECHS facilities through a network of over 425 ECHS polyclinics, over 2500 empanelled private hospitals and all Government hospitals throughout the country, subject to certain conditions.
Implementation of the MoU will result in significant mutual benefits in the cyber security sector, through institutional and capacity-building in the field of cyber security in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.
“On the whole, the budget has tried to be as pro-farmer as possible subject to the limitation of resources.
He writes that the flight of our courageous Defence Minister Nirmala Seetharaman in a Sukhoi 30 fighter plane is inspirational for him.
Mechi Bridge is the ending point of Asian Highway 02 in India leading to Nepal and provides critical connectivity to Nepal.
He expressed happiness that he has got an opportunity to speak on the subject “Rising India”, just a short while after dedicating the Rashtriya Samar Smaarak, or National War Memorial, to the nation.
The establishment of C2C is also expected to increase ancillary development leading to employment generation in India.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the proposal for Chennai Metro Rail Phase-I Project from Washermanpet to Wimconagar.
The proposed legislation ensures effective regulation of surrogacy, prohibit commercial surrogacy and allow altruistic surrogacy to the needy Indian infertile couples.
The leaders greeted the year long ‘India@70’ celebrations being organized by India in France.
Kollam Bypass will reduce ravel time between Alappuzha and Thiruvananthapuram and decongest the traffic in Kollam town.
Similarly, if we try to adjust to the new system we will definitely be able to integrate ourselves with it.
The bus has been converted from a diesel bus to a battery-operated electric bus.
v. A National Geoscientific Data Repository is proposed to be set up to collate all baseline and mineral exploration information generated by various central & state government agencies and also mineral concession holders and to maintain these on geospatial database.
Some of the major schemes of this kind include Post Matric Scholarship, National Overseas Scholarship, National Fellowship, Top Class Education, Concessional Loans from National Scheduled Tribes Finance and Development Corporation, Hostels for ST boys and girls etc.
We give utmost importance to technology and transparency.
Civilisations, cultures and countries have enriched each other by sharing their knowledge and wisdom.
The loan amount of Rs.15,000 crore will be repaid to NABARD as single bullet payment at the end of 10th year from the date of loan disbursement as per the agreed terms and conditions.
Despite rising oil prices, inflation is within the mandated range.
We strongly believe that our fight against terrorism should not only seek to disrupt and eliminate terrorists, terror organisations and networks, but should also identify, hold accountable and take strong measures against States who encourage, support and finance terrorism, provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups, and falsely extol their virtues.
“Drugs are not cool.
Talking about health stents, Prime Minister Shri Modi said that earlier citizens had to sell or mortgage property to purchase health stents.
The Prime Minister praised Dada Vaswani for his selfless service to humanity.
It is the second largest temple in the entire Bagan region.
Our compulsions and cravings, our needs and greed, have led to shrinkage of natural habitat and destruction of ecosystems.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Karnataka on January 02nd and 03rd, 2016.
(6). All access spectrum bands earmarked for Access Services by the Licensor will be treated as tradable spectrum bands.
The Talent and Technology assembled here today, has the capability of making a transformative mobility shift for India and the World.
Cooperation in the development of automation arid implementation of modernization projects, new and existing documentation and information systems in IP and procedures for management of IP;
We need to increase our domestic oil and gas production and reduce import dependence.
And, another young girl poet will not have to live a life of pain, denial and longing, or see a life of promise cut short.
Once you teach the poor people about the usage of Rupay Card, they will shower their blessings upon you.
The Railway tankers carrying water to Rajkot used to become headlines in newspapers across the country.
President François Hollande and I will meet in Chandigarh and Delhi.
We will review bilateral cooperation and steps to further enhance our traditionally strong links.
The Prime Minster laid emphasis on innovation and gave the mantra of IPPP i.e. Innovate, Patent, Produce and Prosper.
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man.
On UN day iconic buildings worldwide will be illuminated in blue at night.
Prime Minister Modi recalled his successful visit to the UK in November 2015, and thanked Mr. Cameron for his personal support and contribution to strengthening India-UK ties during his tenure as Prime Minister of the UK.
The two leaders also dedicated the transmission of 10 GBPS internet connectivity between Cox Bazaar in Bangladesh, and Agartala.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that this gathering of farmers would pave the way for new technology to be imbibed and better opportunities to be created in the agriculture sector.
Says, Guru Gobind Singh’s teachings show the path of humanity
The State Governments, in such territories may by notification specify such pecuniary value of commercial disputes to be adjudicated at the district level, which shall ‘not be less than three lakhs rupees and not more than the pecuniary jurisdiction of the district court.
We cannot change the lot of our farmers until we hand hold him from procuring seeds to ensure that his produce reaches the market.
The Parliamentarians noted the historical ties and shared spiritual & cultural heritage of India and Sri Lanka and expressed appreciation for the deepening of relations between the two countries in recent years.
In exactly one year, from 15th August, 2014 to 15th August, 2015, under the Swachh Bharat – Swachh Vidyalay Programme, we have constructed four lakh seventeen thousand toilets in over two lakh schools.
We are also the fastest growing major economy of the world today.
In 1968, Udupi become the first such Municipal Corporation, which had put a ban on manual scavenging.
Shri Narendra Modi announced the launch of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Abhiyaan on 25th September this year – the anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay.
You will feel the onset of a certain ease in your work.
I am pleased to note that Latin America and Caribbean region and India will be show-casing adaptations of the global strategy during the course of this Forum.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of the Ministry of Power for Signing of “Memorandum of Understanding for Establishment of the BIMSTEC Grid Interconnection”.
Our Adivasi brothers fought valiantly largely unsung, many have heard of Birsa Munda but few others.
With these words, I express my gratitude to all of you.
These operations have been carried out in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan and many other parts of the world.
In 2014, we were at the 142nd position in the ease of doing business ranking at global level.
Friends, elections are the biggest celebration of democracy.
We see strong measures that are radically improving healthcare, education and agriculture.
2.3 Skill and Vocational Initiatives:
Not at all b.
It was renewed on 9th September, 2011 for a period of three years which expired by 8th September, 2014.
Project will be commissioned by November 2020.
Members expressed hope that this would accelerate the development process in the State, and enable the people of the State to take benefit from various Central Government schemes.
The above four Bills have been earlier approved by the GST Council after thorough, clause by clause, discussion over 12 meetings of the Council held in the last six months.
The GST Council, in its meeting held in August 2017, taking into consideration the fact that post introduction of GST, the total incidence on motor vehicles [GST+ Compensation Cess] has come down vis-a-vis pre-GST total tax, incidence, and had recommended increase in the maximum rate at which Compensation Cess can be levied on motor vehicles falling under headings 8702 and 8703 from 15% to 25%.
We have been celebrating this festival of independence, at a time when our daughters from states of Uttarakhand, Himachal, Manipur, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have come back after circumnavigating the seven seas.
Our ranking has improved considerably.
Who is the target audience?
In this regard, he mentioned the implementation of One Rank, One Pension, which had been pending for decades.
The Prime Minister said that in the policy and planning of the Government, care is being taken to ensure that savings accrue to the poor and the middle class, even as their lives change for the better.
We have speeded up the process of defence procurements.
More than 83% operative Jan Dhan accounts (except states of Assam,Meghalaya, J&K) are Aadhaar seeded, with issuance of approx 24.4 crore RuPay cards to these account holders.
She also made her mark in classical dances such as Bharatnatyam, Mohini Attam, Kathak and Manipuri.
Now, we are also focusing on next generation infrastructure, which includes logistics, digital and gas.
You know how many opportunities there are today for a cashless society, for digital banking or for mobile banking.
1. Enhancing Scope of Section 80JJAA of Income Tax Act: For providing deduction to Indian Company engaged in manufacture of goods in a factory towards additional wages paid for three years to new workman, the provisions of minimum 240 days employment in a year to a workman under Section 80JJAA of Income Tax Act would be further relaxed to 150 days for Footwear, Leather & Accessories Sector considering the seasonal nature of this sector.
The Prime Minister referred to school-children from nearby Government run schools, who were present at the function, as his special guests.
So far, a total of four Groups of Secretaries have made presentations to the Prime Minister.
• secure your people and society.
He was a giant, whose powerful thoughts continue to shape several minds.
The decision is expected to result in improved foreign/domestic investments, enhancement of economic growth, supporting the globalisation of business by meeting international practices, and assist in further development of audit profession.
Government has put in place an investor friendly policy on FDI, under which FDI up to 100%, is permitted on the automatic route in most sectors/ activities.
The Prime Minister underscored that terrorism continues to pose serious risk to peace and security in the region and beyond.
The Prime Minister explained how his Government has been working to complete stalled or long pending projects, and is shortening the time required for project approvals in important sectors.
We will also hold an International Conference on “Ocean economy and Pacific Island Countries” in New Delhi in 2016.
In the absence of research and innovation, technology will become a burden, just as still water stagnates and even stinks.
Congrats to all #Safaigiri awardees.
And once again assure you of our whole-hearted support.
NSDF trust was incorporated to act as a receptacle for financial contributions from Governmental sources, bilateral/multilateral and other agencies.
Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Yogi Adityanath said PBD and Kumbh in Uttar Pradesh are a reflection of Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat.
· The Central Board for Skills Certification to be set up by September 2016 to infuse quality into India’s skill development ecosystem.
Implementation Strategy:
He distributed certificates to beneficiaries of programs and addressed a public meeting at the Daman college ground.
The MoU enables India to continue to operate, maintain and augment its ground station meant for supporting India’s launch vehicle and satellite missions.
Under these amendments, the RBI will have an inflation target and will set monetary policy through a Monetary Policy Committee.
He said the world is acknowledging India’s technological capability, including its space programme.
If you write to me on my NarendraModiApp , I will send them to the right place.
Speaking of connectivity related progress, the Prime Minister said that work is in full swing for the Poorvanchal Expressway.
“I bow to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
The Solid Waste Management component in the Command and Control Centre will boost cleanliness in these cities.
Your progress is a vital part of the country’s progress.
More than 80% of the expenditure are met by out of pocket (OOP).
Therefore, this bogus system has now been uprooted.
I talked to them, there was no sign of despair; there was only enthusiasm, optimism, energy, dreams and a sense of resolve.
More than two thousand seven hundred lakh tonnes of food grains have been produced in the country this year.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for amendment of the Constitution (Application to Jammu & Kashmir) Order, 1954 by way of the Constitution (Application to Jammu & Kashmir) Amendment Order, 2017.
Nations similar to us do not have the amount of currency that we had.
This MoU provides scope for pursuing cooperation in various areas of space science technology and applications including: eearth observation, satellite communication and navigation; exploration and space sciences; Research and development (space systems and space technology); and Space industry promotion.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort in New Delhi on the occasion of 70th Independence Day today.
They are also of significance to the entire neighbourhood.
Encouraging sustainable development of community-based tourism and eco-tourism.
The memorial also has 24-narrative murals depicting various events and stories from the historic 1930 Salt March.
The major impact of NMEP are:-
Strong action is being taken against corrupt officers.
Attempts were even made to reduce the faith that Indians had on them, he added.
I encourage all of you to see for yourselves the direction that India is taking.
The MoU broadly focuses on capacity building and exchange of best practices in the area of skill development.
The App is also beneficial for traders.
We are setting up Vandhan Kendras for value addition to Minor Forest Produce so that the tribals get a better deal for their produce.
This would help trade and commerce in general and allow the lending institution, including banks, to continue to extend financing to the economy, without the apprehension of loan default on account of bouncing of a cheque.
Water collected in these tanks remained pure.
The concept of “Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam– the world is one family”, is deeply imbibed in Indian philosophy.
The Governor briefed the Prime Minister on the increasing trade and investment between Kentucky and India.
Last year, in March, I was in Jaffna.
He has led his country with great vision.
“I will pay a working visit to Portugal on 24 June 2017.
Rise in GDP, a rising middle class and their purchasing power is creating further growth in our huge domestic market.
Following are the extracts of the PM’s speech:-
The Prime Minister said that in order to enable all traders to take maximum benefit of GST, we should work towards ensuring that all traders, including even relatively smaller traders with a turnover below Rs. 20 lakhs, should register with the GST system.
“Saddened by the loss of lives caused by a stampede in West Bengal.
Sharing his thoughts, Prime Minister stressed on the need for the Foreign Service officers to be extremely well informed, and think in a global perspective.
Tomorrow I will be distributing cheques to entrepreneurs from this fund.
The consultation process has been going on ahead of this session as well.
He also informed the gathering about the proposed Ro-Ro service in Gujarat between Kutch and Jamnagar.
He urged officials to explore the possibility of involving start-ups and entrepreneurs in this exercise.
He urged the beneficiaries to use the savings for the benefit of their younger generation.
In this regard, explore cooperation in the field of blue economy, and take note of India’s proposal for a possible framework of cooperation in this regard.
He said efforts are being taken to ensure welfare of the tribal people.
We live in a world where instability in a distant region quickly reaches our doorsteps.
The land offered for exchange by VPT is in continuation to existing AAI land and will be useful for AAI, in view of future developmental plans for Visakhapatnam Airport.
He said that conferences and cultural activities will draw government officials and private companies.
It helps to initiate improvement.
The Union Government will provide 5 crore new cooking gas connections over the next three years.
And this is the very essence, the real inspiration behind scientific inventions and discoveries.
We commit to deepen exchanges, sharing of experiences, best practices, mutual learning and exchanges of personnel in taxation matters.
In my experience, the more we relied on people’s own leadership, the better were the outcomes.
Prime Minister further added that Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana is not just about brick and mortar but about providing better quality of life and dreams coming true.
It empowers DISCOMs with the opportunity to break even in the next 2-3 years.
31. We recognise the vast potential in cooperation and collaboration in advancing the Oceans Economy amongst BRICS countries, which encompasses multiple sectors, including the strategic areas of maritime transport, shipbuilding, offshore oil and exploration, aquaculture, port development, research and technology, conservation and sustainable use of marine resources, marine and coastal tourism, financial and insurance services, as well as coastal industrial zone development.
In addition, other benefits to States are: fewer accidents, less congestion on roads, cheaper mode of ferrying passengers, reduced logistics costs in cargo movement and development of adjoining areas.
But he never let antagonism raise its ugly head in his path.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister congratulated the award winners for their pioneering achievements, both in their individual capacities, and as torchbearers in their respective fields as well.
This will assure fairness in tax treatment to every taxpayer irrespective of their status.
(4). Gold Reserve Fund: The difference between the current borrowing cost for the Government and the interest rate paid by the Government under the medium/long term deposit will be credited to the Gold Reserve Fund.
He said economic ties are extremely important elements of the relationship between countries.
It will facilitate EXIM and Domestic cargo including Private Freight Traffic.
They can also be instrument of change on this continent.
I bow to beloved Bapu on Gandhi Jayanti.
In ancient India, there were several mechanisms for settlement of disputes between the parties.
For over centuries, our people have known each other.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of the Agreement signed between India and France in the field of Sustainable Urban Development in March, 2018.
It is played with cowries or tamarind seeds or dice on an eight by eight square board.
It will inspire them to undertake new and significant challenges that hold the key to our shared sustainable future.
India-Japan Economic and ODA Cooperation
They must promote trade, not strategic competition.
(ii) non-suburban passenger kilometres converted by a factor of 0.076.
This is the removal of discretion in allocation of key resources.
He also mentioned the Venture Capital Fund for First Generation Entrepreneurs.
I thank Rashtrapati Ji for the special gesture of handing over LPG connections to beneficiaries in Jangipur, West Bengal.
We are exploring a simpler and more efficient project licensing approach for defence.
It was started 25 years back with just 21 crores but now it is completed entailing a cost of Rs 500 crores.
The Prime Minister digitally launched the logo of “Sikkim Organic.”
We have low inflation, a low balance of payments current account deficit, and a high rate of growth.
The cooperation between the two sides involves exchange of visits, information, technology and training and also expansion of agricultural trade while reducing trade barriers.
We have taken numerous steps which have transformative potential.
The design and development of this project is a testament to the rapid advances achieved by India’s nuclear scientific community and industry.
Officials informed the Prime Minister that developmental activities shall be centred around basic infrastructure, tourism, agriculture (including organic agriculture and fisheries), and carbon-neutral energy generation.
Prayers with those who are injured.
People have shared their experiences, conveying the rise of selfless volunteerism as a consequence of ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
Their unwavering courage and patriotism ensured our country is safe.
I don’t know whether you cater your villagers whole heartedly or not?
49. India and France are willing to work together to improve the global economic and financial governance architecture, reduce excessive global imbalances, promote inclusive and interconnected development and tackle common global challenges, including terrorism, poverty, hunger, job creation, climate change, energy security, and inequality including gender inequality, as a basis for sustainable development.
Today, we added an additional 60 Mega Watt of power to the 600 Mega Watt of power already flowing from India to Bangladesh.
He shared his experiences with the Prime Minister today.
•Indian Railways on the path of modernization through widespread technological and infrastructure upgradation
The two berths will be operated by the India Ports Global Private Limited, a Company promoted by the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust and Kandla Port Trust – two major ports working under the Ministry of Shipping.
How is it that the statue of Gandhi stands outside the British Parliament?
Welcome friends,
There is an eMigrate portal to make it easier and safer for workers to go to certain countries.
M/s Teletech Team have signed a MoU with TCIL on 13.04.2016 followed by a Joint Co-operation Agreement on 27.05.2016.
My dear countrymen, exam time in schools throughout the nation is soon going to dawn upon us.
For any advanced medical intervention, they had to travel at least 50 km to reach the ESIC Medical College Hospital in Coimbatore.
It is not like that dear friends.
In this regard, we commit to continue to work together through the existing mechanisms to contribute to the secure, open, peaceful, cooperative and orderly use of ICTs on the basis of participation by all states on an equal footing in the evolution and functioning of the internet and its governance, bearing in mind the need to involve the relevant stakeholders in their respective roles and responsibilities.
This fund is used in giving old age pension to those whose children shirked their responsibility of looking after them.
When I was in Gujarat, all our workers used to walk the streets seeking donations of old toys from families and then presented these toys to Anganwadis in poor neighbourhoods.
Do one more thing also.
We urge concerted efforts to counter terrorism under the UN auspices on a firm international legal basis and express our conviction that a comprehensive approach is necessary to ensure an effective fight against terrorism.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi met the Chief Executive of Afghanistan, Dr. Abdullah Abdullah today.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Mandla in Madhya Pradesh tomorrow, 24th April on the National Panchayati Raj Day.
If you want to see all festivals of India in one city, or celebrate them for weeks, Singapore is the place to visit.
The MoU provides for cooperation in the areas of agricultural crops, agricultural extension, horticulture, machinery, post harvest technology, plant quarantine measures, credit and cooperation.
• Developing a common and shared understanding of international cyber stability, and destabilizing cyber activity;
These are big projects that would create huge employment opportunities in the North East region.
Creation of 21 regular posts of 14 (JS) level and above (including teaching and non-teaching) out of 357 regular posts which were recommended by the Committee on Establishment Expenditure (CEE).
This will enhance employment opportunities for the youth in Bandipora and neighbouring districts.
This includes the Goods and Services Tax.
Can we use it to provide assistance to farmers on crop yield?
In the course of the past three years, we have opened over 300 million bank accounts for those who never had a bank account.
The restructuring will involve addition of two posts at apex level, five at Higher Administrative Grade and 19 posts at Senior Administrative Grade level with matching reduction at other levels.
He said India is committed to the accord, and even beyond it, India will work and walk together with others to leave a gift for the future generations.
The Foreign Minister of UAE conveyed that they attached highest importance to comprehensive strategic partnership between the two countries.
With AIIMS in Madurai, we can say that this brand of healthcare has been taken to all corners of the country – from Kashmir to Madurai and from Guwahati to Gujarat.
Interacting with the Indian community in Maputo, the Prime Minister said Africa is the land which first shaped the identity of the Indian diaspora.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of ten infrastructure projects in the railway, road, petroleum, power, coal, urban development, and health and family welfare sectors.
ii. To sustain, expand and excel in its operation in overseas/ Indian markets by developing proper marketing strategies.
Along with Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina ji, I am also honoured to release the Hindi translation of Bangbandhu’s ‘Unfinished Memoirs’.
Welcome Thailand’s concept paper on the Reprioritization of BIMSTEC Pillars of Cooperation proposing to streamline to five pillars which will be subjected to further discussion in the BIMSTEC Permanent Working Committee.
Throughout entire country, there is perhaps any such rare district or taluka, where any saint’s birth has not taken place.
Particularly, Amma’s initiative on building toilets has been a great help in our Swachh Bharat Programme.
This government is for the sake of the people.
The Durraiappah Stadium is not just brick and mortar.
The global economy is changed, with new engines of growth, more widely dispersed economic power and widening wealth gap.
Besides policy guidance and oversight, these bodies have been delegated powers to provide and approve/ modify financial norms in respect of all schemes and components that are part of NRHM.
About the pro-farmer initiatives in the budget, he lamented that for years, many initiatives have been initiated for farmers but sadly, lot of farmers never came under the ambit of these schemes.
Now, farmers will have RuPay Debit Cards, which they can use anywhere.
And that is something that I’ve always remembered over the last 10 years as we’ve built Facebook.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed students at the Grand Finale of the Smart India Hackathon, via Video Conference.
The Prime Minister said that there were instances where the dispensation of justice in courts had suffered due to the non-availability of electricity.
Space science and planetary exploration
It will give a further impetus to the mission of Make in India.
The Prime Minister underlined his Government’s sustained efforts, when he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, in bringing Narmada water to the far flung areas of the Kutch region.
Both sides reaffirmed their mutual support for each other’s candidatures as non-permanent members of the United Nations Security Council- Viet Nam for the term 2020-2021, and India for the term 2021-2022.
India also expressed its appreciation for the signing of the Exchange of Notes for the provision of a grant aid to the Project for Implementation of Advanced Traffic Information and Management System in Core Bengaluru in December 2017.
At the same event, the Prime Minister unveiled plaques to lay the Foundation Stone for medical colleges at Chaibasa and Koderma.
“My tributes to the great Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj on his birth anniversary.
I would like to tell all of you that you must have a positive thinking.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of Delhi Metro corridor from Dilshad Garden to New Bus Adda Ghaziabad.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekanand that she renounced her happy- prosperous life and dedicated herself to the service of the poor.
He urged everyone to drop the notion that terrorism is someone else’s problem and that “his” terrorist is not “my” terrorist.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the amendment to the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 (MMDR Act, 1957).
It has also generated substantial revenues for the government which will benefit our people.
11,641 additional habitations have been connected with roads in the same period.
These days special emphasis is being laid on accessibilities & opportunities for persons with disabilities, our Divyang brethren.
Thousands of people gathered for the event at the Ramabai Ambedkar Maidan despite continuous rain in the city.
9. Recognising the need to energise the activities of the high-level India-Malaysia CEOs’ Forum, called upon the CEOs’ Forum to develop specific recommendations to enhance business links in priority areas.
Keeping this in mind, we have launched the world’s largest government funded health scheme.
I know today we are divided politically, socially, and economically.
Matunga station in Mumbai is the first station in India which is run by an all woman staff.
The broad contours of the National IPR Policy are as follows:
And it can’t be done without the help of my youth.
Revenue from export of agriculture and horticulture items will improve economic conditions of NER.
For waste- collection the principle of reduce, reuse and re-cycle is very effective.
During the meeting, two MOUs were exchanged- MoU on Maritime Issues between the Ministry of Shipping of India and the Ministry of Industry, Business and Financial Affairs of Denmark and MoU between Imagine Panaji Smart City Development Limited and the Danish Embassy in New Delhi to establish an Urban Living Lab in Panaji, Goa.
• Affordable renewable power through bundling of renewable power with power from plants whose PPAs have expired or completed their useful life.
On February 6th, the Prime Minister will attend the International Fleet Review at Visakhapatnam.
The Prime Minister appreciated Dr. Ambedkar’s vision on subjects such as women empowerment, India’s federal structure, finance and education.
In this context, he also mentioned the Ayushman Bharat scheme, which he described as the world’s biggest healthcare assurance scheme.
Sister Nivedita felt very hurt by the atrocities of the British rule.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the NCC rally in New Delhi.
Let me start with energy access.
After that all government departments started discussing it.
It has brought a new confidence among the traders.
But have you ever thought about how these terrorists get their money?
This can be the enduring impact of this day.
A further amount of Rs. 94.875 crore has been released as first instalment of SDRF for 2016-17.
Long distance education and technology will make the task of education simpler.
I thank Keidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
Ambassador Haley noted the deepening relations between India and the US particularly in strategic and defence sectors.
Normally it is one or two children in a home due to appear at their exams, but the entire family feels the burden of it.
The tragedy is heart-wrenching.
· 4th Round of the BRICS Policy Planning Consultations
Prime Minister Netanyahu and I have just completed a fruitful interaction with Indian and Israeli business leaders through the bilateral CEOs Forum.
The MoU was signed on 25th September 2018.
To you, the passionate gen-next of Kenya, I bring the warm friendship of over 800 million youth of India.
NRDWP is a Centrally Sponsored Scheme with 50.50 fund sharing between the Centre and the States.
I was pleased to exchange views on a broad range of international challenges, including terrorism, radicalization and the situation in Europe and Asia.
The Bharatmala scheme is aimed at improving road connectivity by constructing national corridors and highways.
This would also be our message to the CEO Forum tomorrow.
Can we have Artificial Intelligence and Robotics that enhances their abilities empowering them to perform tasks and bring out their true potential?
Prayers with those injured.
Whether it was Mangal Pandey Ji or Chittu Pandey Ji or be it the tradition of Chandra ShekharJi, and HarivanshJi is also in that series.
Over the last three years, we have worked very hard on the front of Ease of Doing Business.
For example, after the 1991 cyclone, the Government of Bangladesh launched a large community-based cyclone preparedness programme.
If we plant on the boundaries of our fields timber trees that can be utilised for construction of homes and furniture and which can also be cut and sold after 15 to 20 years with the permission of the government.
Finance Ministry officials briefed him on the progress made in this regard.
And, we are once again turning to our scientists and innovators to realize our goals of human welfare and economic development.
It involves building twenty million urban houses and thirty million rural houses, totalling nearly fifty million.
On Sunday, the Prime Minister will inaugurate Phase 1, which is passenger movement.
ii.No budgetary support for any wage increase shall be provided by the Government.
Gujarat, the land of Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Patel, also represents the business spirit of India.
These are not just aspirations; they are goals to be reached in a finite time-frame.
In the year of 2015, we have received highest ever FDI.
We do not want roadblocks.
We are old maritime neighbours.
The Prime Minister mentioned the completion of 75 years of independence in 2022.
I would like AIIB to look into potential investment opportunities in this field and associate with us.
The new Indian Model BIT text will provide appropriate protection to foreign investors in India and Indian investors in the foreign country, in the light of relevant international precedents and practices, while maintaining a balance between the investor’s rights and the Government obligations.
• Age limit for availing OD facility to be revised from 18-60 years to 18-65 years.
I pray the coming year brings joy & good health.
Senior officials from the Government of India, and the State of Madhya Pradesh, were also present.
Once again, I compliment the leadership and people of ASEAN countries for what they have achieved.
The Central Government has given a huge thrust on improving the infrastructure in the region.
He also visited Punthura village near Thiruvananthapuram, which is one of the villages that faced the impact of the cyclone.
We are nowhere in these big four.
The Prime Minister today interacted with Young CEOs at the “Champions of Change – Transforming India through G2B partnership” initiative organised by NITI Aayog at Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra.
The Prime Minister congratulated Dr. Abdul Momen on his appointment as the Foreign Minister, and appreciated his gesture of selecting India as the destination for his first foreign visit.
He said the Dolaithabi Barrage project had been conceived in 1987, but was speeded up only after 2014, and is now complete.
The Prime Minister offered sweets and exchanged greetings with the jawans.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of preserving the “spirit” in the cooperative movement, which he said is still largely intact in the rural areas.
Prime Minister Abe and I do not miss any opportunity to meet.
“I will be visiting Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore on 29 May – 2 June 2018.
I urge you all that even though it takes 5 minutes of your time, you must go through the question paper carefully.
The Prime Minister spoke of cooperation between India and Israel for innovation in areas such as food, water, health and energy.
Almost in every state, a big plantation campaign gets underway with the onset of monsoon.
The fault lines are shifting from the boundaries of nations into the web of our societies and the streets of our cities.
Today is the holy day of Ram Navami.
From the coast of Coromandal and Kalinga, the ocean carried trade, commerce and culture to the Malaya Peninsula.
ITC has a vast reservoir of international expertise on employment, labour, human resource development, and capacity building.
GST is the taxation system of New India; of the Digital India.
We always feel the contribution of our teachers in our lives.
“ASEAN–India poised for new synergy of robust cooperation and promising future”: Lee Hseing Loong ;
He inaugurated the New Complex of Tripura Institute of Technology at Narsingarh.
Our festivals are linked with the agriculture and harvesting, rivers and mountains, our history and our rich cultural traditions.
If you happen to meet people there, send their photos too.
1. Annexure to Memorandum of Understanding between the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research through the CSIR－Central Electronics Engineering Research Institute (CSIR-CEERI), Pilani, India and Hiroshima University, Japan Concerning International Collaboration on Research, Academic and Educational Exchange (December 2017).
Excellency, I am aware that I am the first Indian Prime Minister to visit Mozambique in 34 years.
It has now been decided that for investments in automatic route sectors, requiring approval only on the matter of investment being from country of concern, FDI applications would be processed by Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) for Government approval.
A total of 03 marla of land was overlapping with NHAI, with dual ownership of MoD and NHAI.
Our government has spent more than Rs. 10,600 crores in this sector in the three years.
Provisions relating to anti-defection, constructive no confidence motion, establishment of ombudsman etc. will be inserted in “the Daman and Diu Municipalities Regulation, 1968”, “the Dadra and Nagar Haveli Municipal Council Regulation, 2004” and “the Andaman and Nicobar Islands (Municipal) Regulation, 1994, respectively.
At Baripada, he will dedicate to the nation, Balasore-Haldia-Durgapur section of LPG pipeline project of IOCLand the Balasore multi modal logistic park.
The Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, Shri Chandrababu Naidu, the Chief Minister of Haryana, Shri Manohar Lal, and the Chief Minister of Uttarakhand, Shri Harish Rawat, today called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, and submitted the final report of the sub-group of Chief Ministers on Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan.
He also used to say that we, Indians may be from different background but, yes, we shall have to keep the national interest above all the other things.
In the aftermath of a disaster, disaster responders pour in from all over the world.
This would help in getting over the shortage of technical manpower and infrastructural facilities and would contribute to the development of agriculture, including animal husbandry, horticulture and fisheries in the region.
Ours is a friendship that lives in the hearts of our people and in the fabric of our societies.
However, insufficient interest was visible amongst the prospective bidders.
Let me now return to the three policy objectives I mentioned.
We need to clearly assess the challenges and opportunities for our technology readiness and competitiveness.
Many international financial institutions including the World Bank, IMF, OECD and others are predicting even faster growth in the coming years.
We are taking a leap towards next generation infrastructure: in both core and social sectors; in both rural and urban areas.
In his address at the event, the Prime Minister recalled how the world has been thinking of how to tackle the challenge of climate change.
Excellencies, Ladies and Gentlemen,
The Prime Minister said that the North-East is today in the news for achievements in sports, for connecting the last unconnected villages with electricity, and for becoming a hub of organic farming.
We must use fintech tools to combat money laundering and other financial crimes.
But Indian soldiers fought for restoring peace and up-holding human values.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Hasina welcomed the signing of the BBIN Motor Vehicle Agreement, and agreed to strengthen measures to increase regional connectivity.
A special purpose vehicle namely, Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation (MMRC) under the MMRDA has been erected for implementing the Mumbai Metro project.
Why were you trying to delay the motion
More than 12 lakh enthusiasts enjoyed the romance of Football matches in various stadia across the country and boosted the morale of the young players.
We are using Space Technology to improve delivery and accountability of government services.
Quality of life is also linked to clean and sustainable development.
The University will develop and propogate higher education in national security studies, defence management and defence technology and promote policy oriented research on all aspects relating to national security, both internal and external.
Noting the importance of the role of businessmen and industry in promoting economic and commercial cooperation, the two Leaders welcomed the opening of the Confederation of the Indian Industry (CII) regional office in Tehran last year and the agreements for mutual cooperation signed between various trade bodies on both sides.
I understand that some of those beneficiaries will get their certificates today.
The festivals of Lohri, Bihu, MakarSankranti, and Pongal celebrate the splendour of India’s diversity and unity.
I will begin my Kenya visit on the evening of 10th July.
The new income criterion will be Rs. 8 lakh per annum.
Our focus has been to get pregnant women to have safe delivery in our institutions.
I salute all those who are serving the nation.
The various departments of the government analyzed these letters and segregated them as the ones related to policy matters, others to personal issues, some others as pointers that the government was not even aware of.
He referred to the rapid pace of infrastructure development.
In this context he mentioned modern machines, loans at low interest, and the Trade Facilitation Centre in Varanasi.
I am grateful to these 3 lakh people that they displayed a lot of self initiative in rating the government.
They welcomed the idea to launch an online portal that would enable startups, investors, incubators and aspiring entrepreneurs of both countries to interact and provide relevant resources to expand and enable globalization of start-ups.
This is a state of the art exhibition based on latest techniques.
83. We acknowledge the continued support provided by the BRICS Revenue Authorities for all the international initiatives towards reaching a globally fair and universally transparent tax system.
Currently,India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
In the course of the meeting, the Prime Minister specifically reviewed aspects of implementation such as IT readiness, HR readiness, training and sensitization of officers, query handling mechanism, and monitoring.
(ix). the provisions of agreement are in conformity with the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 and the Arbitration and Cancellation Act, 1996.
He also suggested to build a state of the art virtual museum and auditorium.
They should know that this is the right way to live.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his warm regards to H. E. Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad, Prime Minister of Malaysia.
Almost all of them have visited India.
The Agreement would provide a legal framework for sharing of information and intelligence between the Customs authorities of the two countries.
Through this philosophy, we are ensuring that some of our most deprived areas experience social and economic progress on par with others.
Stream­lining rules and regulations will stimulate investments in both directions, complement India’s ‘Act East’ policy and facilitate ‘Made in India’ exports to the region.
These projects will enhance connectivity, especially in the city of Patna and nearby areas and augment the availability of energy in the city, and the region.
During this span of Bhaktikaal, many great souls like Raskhan, Surdas, Malik Mohammad Jaysi, Keshavdas, Vidyapati had emerged, who had not only shown the society its truth, but also made efforts to reform it through their speeches and literature.
The country was turned into a prison.
Kisan Credit Cards were launched in 1998, but so far, it was essential to go to a bank, to use them.
5. harvesting and valuation of rainfall water and resilience and adaptation to climate
3. Interventions for saving perennial horticulture crops: Appropriate input support measures will be provided to rejuvenate water stressed horticulture crops, with an additional allocation of Rs.150 crore.
Lopamudra, Gargi, Maitreyee…it’s a long list of names.
Further, on line VVIP letter Monitoring System (VLMS), Meeting Management System and Dash Board System have been introduced, which increased the efficiency of the system and decreased the time consumed in the process considerably.
This will deter corruption and also motivate officers to pass correct orders.
Mr. Gates said that there has been enormous progress on financial inclusion and offered support to strengthen the efforts in this direction.
As you put clean energy within the reach of all, it will create unlimited economic opportunities that will be the foundation of the new economy of this century.
He said that the Government is also ensuring that the every house built is not only of good quality but also has a toilet, gas connection and electricity.
This award would be given for outstanding efforts to further national integration.
3. Net Cost Contract: Operator collects the complete revenue generated for the services provided.
Our investment ties are also robust.
The proposed Programme will help to deepen the understanding of current economic policy issues in both countries and also explore further opportunities for future collaboration and engagement.
On 2nd October, 2014 Hon’ble Prime Minister launched “Swachch Bharat Mission”, a massive mass movement that seeks to create a clean India.
Our engagement and agreement on cooperation in the financial sector will help us in accessing greater resources for infrastructure development.
(ii). The integration of renewable energy into the grid;
Is our aim to impress groups of experts and score points in intellectual discussions?
So this year we should again, during the Ganesh festival, organise essay competitions, have open discussions and remember the contributions of Lokmanya Tilak.
Invitation to visit UK, Future of India-UK ties and if UK moves out of European Union.
In a first meeting of its kind, I will also have the opportunity to engage with Governors from various Russian regions to further broad base bilateral cooperation and more actively involve States/Regions and other diversified stakeholders.
Mahatma Gandhi, through his demeanour and deeds, could inspire the poorest of the poor, the most illiterate, to unite and come together out into the open for the struggle against the British Rule; this was a manifestation of an incredible inner strength, through which we can experience the vastness of Mahatma Gandhi’s great persona.
Everyone has accepted this across the country.
The persons due to whom we look good, who serve us good, no one is our better well wisher than them and therefor, dignity of labourers, honour of labourers, pride of labourers- this should be our national duty , this should be our national character, this should be the tendency of everyone, nature of everyone.
In conclusion, let me say that India and Sri Lanka have a huge stake in each other’s success, and in stability and development in our region.
Our defence scientists too, have made India proud.
Day after tomorrow, I will have the honour to unveil a plaque at Clifford Pier to mark that solemn moment of our history.
Yoga is beautiful because it is ancient yet modern…it is constant yet evolving.
As we begin the centenary year of the Satyagraha, let us recall the Mahatma and resolve to follow his message of truth and goodness.
We have for the first time appointed several heads of public sector banks from the private sector.
“My greetings and best wishes on Eid-ul-Fitr.
Our economic prosperity and social development would mean a lot more, if our societies were safe and our people secure.
We Indians, always nurture a feeling of pride and respect towards our security forces- be it the army, the navy or the air force and every countryman salutes the courage, bravery, valour, chivalry and sacrifice of our soldiers.
And then when you have the saving, you would have thought of buying a house or a car.
I received letters from many people.
In India, we have taken bold steps to ensure financial inclusion and risk insurance for the poorest.
Venkaiah ji is a great personality with austerity and great oratory skills.
He wrote “India is a land of diversity.
I pray that the coming year enhances the spirit of happiness and harmony in our lives.
The Bill provides for amendment of the legal framework to act as a deterrent to the erring NRI spouses and creating more accountability and offer protection against exploitation of Indian Citizens married to NRIs.
Nidhi ji, many thanks for your phone call!
There are many things for which we are dependent on the government.
They symbolize the best of both our societies.
• We have rationalized the capital gains tax regime for Real Estate Investment Trusts.
We will fully support this.
“The instances of violence today are deeply distressing.
Far south, the people are engrossed in Onam festivities and yesterday the entire Nation celebrated the holy festival of Raksha Bandhan.
We note with satisfaction that two Meetings of the BIMSTEC Network of Policy Think Tanks (BNPTT) have been held and encourage BNPTT to organize regular consultations and programmes with stakeholders from the Member States with a view to intensifying people-to-people contact.
His inspiration kept everyone enthused throughout the journey.
The Framework on Currency Swap Arrangement for SAARC member countries has enabled India to strengthen its ties with the SAARC countries.
They agreed on the importance of reform and strengthening of multilateral institutions which have benefitted the world, including the United Nations, WTO and well-established as well as new global financial institutions.
Governor of Jharkhand Ms DraupadiMurmu, Union Minister Shri Jayant Sinha and CM of Jharkhand Shri Raghuvar Das was also present among other dignitaries.
Our economic and international partnerships over the past seven decades have been prompted as much by economic impulse as by the moral principles and emotional bonds.
These farmers have formed a cooperative society in Munar village and set-up a biscuit factory there.
Under our clean energy programme, in just 3 years, we have doubled the renewables capacity from 30 thousand Megawatts to about 60 thousand Megawatts.
The PM will also inaugurate renovation and restoration works at Asurgarh Fort in Kalahandi.
India today is among the most open economies.
The Prime Minister asserted that Swachhata, or cleanliness, has to be become our habit.
Land measuring 56.67 acres of the Government of India Text Books Presses (GITBPs) at Chandigarh, Bhubaneswar and Mysuru will be returned to the respective State Governments.
The Prime Minister said that Singapore has a special place in India’s Act East Policy, built on the foundation of strong India-ASEAN relationship.
Under the MoU, a Joint Working Group (JWG) will be formed to monitor the activities carried out in fulfillment of this MoU.
PM Modi will conclude the visit by addressing a public meeting.
In this context, he also spoke of the Government e-Marketplace (GeM), growth of digital transactions, BHIM App, and RuPay cards.
BRICS Innovative Idea Prize for Young Scientists 24.
It provides learnings for life, which enrich our thought process.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that the combination of “Information Technology” and “Indian Talent” would create “India Tomorrow.”
That is the way to go in a country with one billion cell phones and use of smart phones growing at high double digit rates.
The Prime Minister said India had great teachers even today, who were helping to create engineers, doctors and scientists that were making a mark globally.
UDAN has immensely helped to boost air connectivity in India.
A Joint Working Group shall be formed to monitor the activities under the MoU.
This Cabinet approval will facilitate de-registration of HFCL from BIFR by making its net worth positive.
The MoU will help in promoting exchange of ideas, values and culture amongst all youth irrespective of their caste, religion and gender as well as development of sports in the two countries.
The GSLV Mk-III Continuation Programme – Phase 1 will meet the launch requirement of communication satellites to meet the national demand for High Throughput Satellites for rural broadband connectivity, increase and sustain the availability of transponders for DTH, VSAT and Television broadcasters.
Construction work in four industrial cities/townships namely, Dholera Special Investment Region (DSIR) near Ahmedabad in Gujarat, Shendra- Bidkin Industrial Park near Aurangabad in Maharashtra, Integrated Industrial Township Project, Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh and Integrated Industrial Township Vila-am Udyogpuri near Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh.
The Policy lays down the following seven objectives: i.
I am reiterating the same, once again.
Our major ports have seen a 5% growth in traffic and an 11% increase in operating income in 2014-15 despite a global contraction in trade volume.
Further, NITI Aayog is evolving a holistic science and technology vision for the country.
The e-NAM, our national agricultural e-Market, is connecting our agricultural markets nationwide, thereby giving our farmers the benefit of competitive pricing, and freedom of choice.
Some of them like GST are historic.
Thuglak was a platform for all.
At this event, the Prime Minister will visit a mini Digital Exhibition.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing and ratifying an Agreement between India and Jordan on Cooperation and Mutual Administrative Assistance in Customs Matters.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today celebrated Diwali with jawans of the Indian Army and ITBP, at Harsil in Uttarakhand.
The Alliance aims at a solar capacity of 1000 Giga Watt with an investment of one trillion US Dollars by 2030.
The activities between the two sides will start after the receipt of copy of the signed MoU.
And the law regarding Benami property that has been enacted and is being implemented is very stringent and it is going to be extremely tough on wrong doers.
We will intensify cooperation in combating terrorism and work together for security and stability in our maritime neighbourhood.
I am looking forward to my interactions with other ASEAN and East Asia Summit Leaders.
In a way, a mass campaign of public education gets underway through these Ganesh festivities.
BRICS Civil Forum (3-4 October 2016, New Delhi) 57.
I respectfully bow before all of them who are part of the Indian Armed Forces.
Through video link, PM will flag off the Bandra- Jamnagar Humsafar Express
With the Cabinet decision today, the States shall take over 75% of DISCOM debt as on 30th September, 2015 by 31st March, 2017 by issuing Bonds.
He expressed happiness that this hospital will also serve the people under the Ayushman Bharat Scheme.
For over half a century, India’s flagship initiative – Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation, ITEC – has offered training and skill development to 161 partner countries from Asia, Africa, Eastern Europe, Latin America, Caribbean and Pacific Island states.
Some of the major schemes of this kind include Post Matric Scholarship, National Overseas Scholarship, Rajiv Gandhi National Fellowship, Top Class Education, Concessional Loans from National Scheduled Castes Finance and Development Corporation, Hostels for SC Boys and Girls etc.
They also welcomed bilateral cooperation as per mutual interest and agreement in a number of other areas, including higher education, science and technology, agriculture, labour and entrepreneurship, tourism, posts through regular interaction and institutional mechanisms, and directed relevant authorities to work out further details.
On 4th March at Jamnagar, PM will visit the Medical College Campus and launch various development works.
There are many challenges and barriers on the path.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) titled Joint Declaration of Intent between India and Germany on Cooperation in the field of Civil Aviation.
He addressed a diverse gathering, consisting of farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials, and legislators.
It will also play a pivotal role in overall manufacturing as the pillar of strength to the vision of ‘Make in India’.
• Some anti social elements have incited violence in the name of cow protection.
From the friendship between Rabindranath Tagore and W.B. Yeats to the spiritual contribution of Sister Nivedita in India, the Irish and Indian people have formed strong bonds of affinity.
He had painted upon many themes.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its ex-post facto approval for amendment of Section 64 and section 65 and consequential amendment of section 115 of the Factories Act, 1948 by introducing the Factories (Amendment) Bill, 2016 in the Parliament.
Perhaps, you can organize competitive local tournaments and lead the way for other parts of the country, to build a series of major events leading to the Under-17 World Cup.
“Today is a special day!
E-filing system for commercial disputes have been implemented in 11 states;
And therefore my youth should move forward in the direction of a cashless society with the mantra of less cash and by optimally using the BHIM App for all the selling and purchasing and even if we need to pay the fee then we will pay it through BHIM App.
It also means that when nations make international commitments, they must uphold them.
Speaking of the sporting prowess of the youth of Nicobar Islands, the Prime Minister said that the modern sports complex would help them hone their skills.
The Prime Minister said that a discriminatory mindset cannot be accepted, and both boys and girls should get equal access to education.
1. Early Childhood Development (Germany & Chile);
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the implementation of Supreme Court’s Judgment dated 27th October 2015 regarding Target Plus Scheme (TPS) 2004-09 in Civil Application No. 554 of 2006.
UK as a leading player can benefit from our liberal FDI policies in defense manufacturing, aerospace and electronics engineering.
But, your contribution in keeping the region safe and secure is deeply appreciated even beyond.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Bihar on Bihar Diwas.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Framework Agreement between India and Sao Tome & Principe on Cooperation in the Exploration and Uses of Outer Space for Peaceful Purposes.
Almost on a daily basis, we are trying to remove the bottlenecks that were affecting our growth process.
The dedication ceremony was punctuated by flypast of IAF aircraft, and performances of cultural troupes.
The new trades and jobs would have commenced with renewed vigour.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the International Conference and Exhibition on Sugarcane Value Chain – Vision 2025 Sugar – at Pune.
Shri Narendra Modi said that there are several police personnel who have given their lives for our nation, and it is important to know about their sacrifices.
The MoU will improve bilateral cooperation in the field of agriculture and will be mutually beneficial to both countries.
It will enable upto Rs.10000 Pension per month for Senior Citizens.
10. Nutritional aspects of food intake, including malnutrition (over nutrition and undernutrition) in the light of the SDG2 and organization of nutritional services;
Our cities and towns are on the Move.
Mr. Pierre Gattaz, President of MEDEF (Mouvement des Entreprises de France) called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
We will rely on African talent and skills.
Lakhs of students have been enrolled with your institution.
Dr. Harsh Vardhan, Minister of Science and Technology, India
i. Track Safety (e.g. rail welding, rail inspection, track circuit etc.) ii.
Addressing the public gathering Prime Minister said today inauguration or foundation stone laying of Projects worth more than Rs 1400 crore has been undertaken.
It came with the resolve of making a new India.
Recently, we started a campaign of issuing special identity card to the unorganized labour falling under certain schemes.
Congratulating the award winners, Prime Minister said that their contributions to Parliament and the country would always be remembered.
Rajani has won a gold medal at the Junior Women’s Boxing Championship.
• A recognition of the importance of and a shared commitment to cooperate in capacity building in cyber security and cyber security research and development
We are aware of strategic threats to regional peace and stability.
We all agree that terrorism and radicalization are the biggest threats that the whole world is facing today.
He said the fertilizer plant would help the farmers of the State.
During the Plenary Session, we focused on ideas and possibilities for BRICS future expansion in years ahead.
Can we make the future less about machines dis-placing humans to a future about humans becoming better humans by converting their weaknesses into their strengths for the greater good of mankind?
We have many achievements to our credit.
He mentioned some areas where youth innovators should focus, including crop wastage, and cyber security.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the awardees narrated their inspirational stories in transforming their schools into centres of learning and excellence.
The Prime Minister called for discussions on matters such as judicious use of water resources, better technology for storage, and use of latest technology in farming, during this Krishi Kumbh.
Although a lot of improvement has taken place.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to introduce official amendments to the HIV and AIDS (Prevention and Control) Bill, 2014.
There is also a clear need to build norms, create structures and pool our capacities to stop tax evasion, and fight against black money and corruption.
We need now national will and a genuine global partnership.
• Encourage the work of the India-Sweden Business Leaders Round Table (ISBLRT) to further strengthen India-Sweden business cooperation within inter alia smart cities, digitization, skills development and defence, and to move its relations, ideas, partnerships and recommendations forward.
He also mentioned the tourism projects being inaugurated today.
Let us also reaffirm the enduring message of Ahimsa of Lord Buddha and Mahavira.
He appreciated the 2030 vision document of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
From the point of a foreign investor, India counts as an extremely low risk political economy.
She is into the business of making purses.
Our commitment and aggressiveness to achieve the goal in a faster and effective manner offers immense opportunities to German Companies.
BRICS Sherpas and Sous-Sherpas meetings 96.
Ninety years ago this great soul had predicted that water will be sold in shops.
3. Effective date of implementation – 01.12.2008. (as per effective date of wage revised allowances.
Visa waiver for diplomatic and official passport holders
This would also include converting waste into inputs for infrastructure.
Electricity connections are increasing in villages.
From your moving contribution to the freedom struggle to the thriving richness of your culture, India lives in your heart.
According to experts, having an open fire in the kitchen is like burning 400 cigarettes an hour.
Six new AIIMS under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojna (PMSSY) have been made functional.
Its high point was your own State Visit to India in August 2015.
He said that he was performing his duty courageously in the fight against corruption and middlemen backed by the support and the blessings of the people..
But, Gandhi was not alone in his fight against racial oppression.
In this regard, he specifically mentioned his priorities as renewing global partnerships for implementation of SDGs; climate change issues; improving the effectiveness of the UN contributions to international peace and security; and improved response to humanitarian situations.
A strategic approach involving a suitable mix of Academic, Industry and Government is proposed to be adopted.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its approval for 7 posts of Principal Director and 36 posts of Director on regular basis in the Armed Forces Headquarters (AFHQ) Civil Service, Ministry of Defence as part of restructuring .
On the lines of Corporate Social Responsibility, the concept of Scientific Social Responsibility needs to be inculcated to connect our leading institutions to all stakeholders, including schools and colleges.
This festive occasion came to us after fifteen years as the Junior Hockey team won the World Cup.
Carrying medical services to FIJI, sending urgent relief, or delivering humanitarian aid during crisis to a neighbouring country – our navy has always rendered glorious service.
Today, the President and I have had detailed discussions.
He added that it is essential to involve maximum women and children with this movement.
Several recent incidents bear testimony to this fact.
He noted that the building had been completed before the due date, and congratulated all agencies involved in the construction.
Salient features of the Agreement
17.Reiterated their strong condemnation of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
• Proposal for strengthening of school health activities under NHM in all the public and private schools in the country in coordination with Ministry of Human Resource Development through specified activities including promotion of healthy lifestyle behaviours.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
People wanted opportunities, not obstacles.
When the proposal for Yoga Day was moved in the United Nations then it is a record in the United Nations that this was the first such motion that was co-sponsored by the maximum number of countries in the world.
• Weekly time-appropriate 72 audio messages about pregnancy, child birth and child care directly sent to families’ mobile phones from the second trimester of pregnancy until the child is one year old.
I salute you all, and the countless others, dedicated to this country.
At the same venue, the Prime Minister will also unveil plaques to mark the laying of Foundation Stone for dedication of various development works in the city.
“The Cabinet expresses profound sorrow at the sad demise of Dr. M, Karunanidhi, former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu on 7.8.2018 at Kauvery Hospital, Chennai.
The foundation stone was laid for the PanchkoshiParikrama Marg, and several projects under the Smart City Mission and NamaamiGange.
I am impatient for my country to lead it.
My dear countrymen, today as we refer to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, that too in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, I would like to share with you an incident from Netaji’s life.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the establishment of a new AIIMS at Bhatinda in Punjab under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).
King Amanullah advanced Afghanistan’s modernist constitution, incorporated equal rights and individual freedom.
We will be delighted to host officials and independent experts of all 14 Pacific Island Countries.
He said that it is his privilege that he got to work with Shri Pranab Mukherjee.
Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Khattar and several other dignitaries were present on this occasion.
The Prime Minister said this requires global partnership.
In the event, it is established that any of the licensee was not in conformance with the terms and conditions of the guidelines for spectrum trading as well as the licence at the time of giving intimation for trading of right to use the spectrum, the Government is entitled to take appropriate action which inter-alia may include annulment of trading agreement.
This 1922 is one such number that if you give a missed call to it, you can listen to Mann Ki Baat in the language of your choice.
IRDAI is a body set up under the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 1999 to regulate, promote and ensure orderly growth of the insurance and re-insurance business in India.
•Distributes aids and assistive devices to Divyang at Navsari
• The 44th, 45th and 46th Indian Labour Conference recommended enhancement of Maternity Benefits to 24 weeks.
Nowhere did it apply more than in Africa.
Together with the earlier decision, this is expected to transform the spectrum usage in the telecom sector.
Congratulations to everyone on the success of Mission Shakti.
Another highlight of visit to Jammu today was PM laying the foundation stone of 1640 m span double lane bridge over River Chenab at Sajwal.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today delivered the inaugural address at INDOSAN – the India Sanitation Conference – in New Delhi today.
The facility will also provide training facilities for personnel in the specialized areas in the field of biomedical research.
We have taken a different approach.
The two leaders discussed issues of mutual interest, including bilateral counter-terrorism cooperation.
This is my programme referred to as “Start-up India”, under this programme more schemes will be formulated, but every branch must resolve and in the days to come resolve once again to disburse loans for start-ups to the tribals in the locality where there is any tribal habitation, and where there is no tribal habitation, the branch can provide loans to a dalit or a tribal, give financial support to them and thus enable 1.25 lakhs Dalit entrepreneurs to come up.
The Prime Minister mentioned various initiatives being taken by the Union Government for the agricultural sector, such as soil health cards,FasalBimaYojana, e-NAM etc.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended best wishes to the Global Investors’ Summit 2017 in Jharkhand.
It is but natural to remember Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on the Constitution Day today.
The railway projects reviewed included the Akhaura-Agartala rail line, which will be a vital link between India and Bangladesh.
The meeting was attended by senior Union Ministers related to economic matters; Maharashtra Chief Minister Shri Devendra Fadnavis; Lieutenant Governor of Delhi Shri Anil Baijal; and senior officials from the Union Government, Maharashtra Government and Delhi Government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Indian Community in Brussels.
To me, sports includes the following attributes.
I will once again urge the state governments to punish those who indulge in violence
Water will have to be saved.
Mahatma Gandhi had given the slogan of ‘do or die’; that was the formula of that time.
Secondly we have reduced wasteful expenditure through innovative methods and use of technology.
This will offer immense value proposition in crops such as potato, pineapple, oranges and apples.
I am talking about none other than Chandrasekhar Azad.
Greetings from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the auspicious occasion of Independence Day.
An amount of Rs. 9046.17 crore will be expended for three years commencing from 2017-18.
India has a golden history in Hockey.
Bio Medical Equipment Maintenance:
It includes seminar as well as conference halls.
It has also helped us extend 145 million loans for small entrepreneurs through Mudra scheme.
We should take this thing forward.
And, it must be the path to its future.
India has emerged as a land of opportunities.
There are old baggage’s of our own lives and when they do not come in the way, it becomes easier to understand others.
Another bottleneck was financing.
The Prime Minister congratulated Mr. Sarkozy on the publication and success of his latest book, “Tout pour la France”.
It will eliminate the room for abuse of Law and misuse of alcohol.
I will share some of the things that I have heard, what I have read, and what I have been told.
The MoU for establishing mutual cooperation to improve the ecosystem for agribusiness provides for cooperation in the fields of agriculture census, agribusiness, Integrated Farming System, Irrigation, improved seeds, Soil Health Management, research, capacity building of local agribusiness, enhancing knowledge of entrepreneurs in the areas of food security and nutrition, developing climate resilient agriculture system, establishing facilities to test pesticide residues etc.
In its endeavour to attract investments and promote industrialisation, the Government of Uttar Pradesh had organised the UP Investors Summit in February 2018.
Before I conclude, to all our friends in Indonesia, I would like to wish Thank you.
The high level review meeting was attended by officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and other Ministries.
35. Leaders welcomed the establishment of the South Asian Regional Representative Office of the European Investment Bank (EIB) in India and noted that its investments, especially in urban mobility and renewable energy projects, will support India-EU collaboration on the Climate Agenda.
He said mobile manufacturing units are creating lakhs of jobs.
He spoke of the vast network of soil health laboratories being set up across the country, and the popularity of the Fasal Bima Yojana among farmers.
A book has beencompiled on these women achievers, first ladies, so that, the entire country comes to know about the power of these women and derive inspiration from their life work.
Thousands of youth are eager to participate in this hackothon beginning on 29 July.
The MoU on Defence Cooperation, signed earlier today, will help steer our defence engagements in the right direction.
Thanks a lot !!!
Total five meetings Task Force for BIMSTEC on Trans-power Exchange were held and the draft MoU for establishment of BIMSTEC Grid Interconnection was finalized by the Task Force on 16th Mar 2015.
During the freedom movement, Mahatma Gandhi also used to mount highly successful experiments to divert the strong energy of that movement towards constructive social work, whenever a lull was needed amidst the extreme intensity in that movement.
Mr. President, I am aware that your government has laid great emphasis on the use of solar energy in daily life.
My government has initiated two flagship programmes to create basic infrastructure around tourist, heritage and religious destinations – Swadesh Darshan: Integrated Development of Theme-Based Tourist Circuits and PRASAD.
He urged everyone present to help take the benefits of biofuel to the rural areas.
All this offers tremendous scope for tourism in the region.
Mother Teresa devoted her entire life to the service of the poor in India.
When we talk of new India then that new India will be free from the poison of casteism, communalism, terrorism and corruption; free from filth and poverty.
My dear countrymen, World Soil Day is on the 5th of December.
Burn Standard Company Limited was incorporated in 1976 following nationalization and amalgamation of Burn and Company and Indian Standard Wagon Company Limited in 1987 under Department of Heavy Industries (DHI).
Deendayal Upadhyaya Institute of Archaeology.
Programme of cooperation between the Government of Republic of India and the Government of Republic of Belarus in the field of culture for 2018-2020
18. For 72 hours, five hundred and thousand rupee notes will be accepted also at
During the three years of this government, this figure has gone up to Rs. 2.64 lakh crore.
We know that both Bangladesh and West Bengal continue to have a common cultural heritage.
The Prime Minister will also interact with the beneficiaries of Ayushman Bharat at Kalaburagi.
PM said, “Shri TSR Subramanian distinguished himself as an outstanding civil servant.
iv. SGBs will be available ‘on tap’.
Offset guidelines have been made flexible by allowing changes of Indian Offset Partners and offset components, even in contracts already signed.
Similarly, convention based delegate attendance is estimated to cross 1.5 million annually after successful completion of second phase of the project.
India was the first country to sign a Preferential Trade Agreement with MERCOSUR in 2004.
We encourage measures that support greater participation, value addition and upward mobility in Global Value Chains for our firms, particularly in industry and agriculture, especially Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs), including through the preservation of policy space to promote industrial development.
We have a plan that will take this vision through action.
13. Both sides agreed to enhance the India-EU space cooperation, including Earth observation.
viii) Any other area of mutual interest.
We have to wholeheartedly embrace the spirit of Sendai, which calls for an all-of-society approach to disaster risk management.
c. To impart training as per International Association of Marine Aids to Navigation and Lighthouse Authorities (IALA) training module to AtoN Managers and Technicians for Bangladesh.
Your suffering is our pain.
In our tenure, the corridors of power are also free from middlemen because they know, this Government will not tolerate any corruption.
An Expert Group has since been studying the viability of such an agency.
I am thankful to all these nations and appeal to them to join hands in the global fight against terrorism.
It is an enterprise for India’s transformation on a scale that is, perhaps, unmatched in human history.
The total pulses production in the country during 2015-16 is estimated to be 17 million tonnes while 5.79 million tonnes of pulses were imported to meet the domestic requirements.
We shall all miss the great Kumar Sangakkara on the cricket field.
They are not in line with our population.
There are more business joint ventures today than before.
This is the spirit of brotherhood between us.
Just be under the open sky, go to the roof top, do deep breathing for five minutes and return to your studies.
The Prime Minister expressed concern over the recent killings of journalists in some parts of the country.
All the Centrally Funded Higher Educational Institutions would be eligible for joining as members of the HEFA.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered Bal Gangadhar Tilak and Chandra Shekhar Azad on their birth anniversary.
It is intended to give a boost to innovation, creativity and technological advancement in both regions.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has congratulated Ms. Sania Mirza and Ms. Martina Hingis on their victory at the US Open Women’s Doubles finals.
The Brahmaputra is the lifeline of Assam and the Northeast and is the source of livelihood for people in the region.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, and from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is now spread everywhere”, Prime Minister said
Through the unveiling of plaque, PM will dedicate the 51km pipeline from Aaji-3 to Khijadia.
Ways and means to connect with the people and lending hues of freedom to their day to day work were taught.
These & many other festivals celebrated across India add great colour & happiness in our lives.
He also inaugurated the Bahubali General Hospital.
Union Ministers, and officials from the NITI Aayog were also present on the occasion.
PM will flag-off Ajni (Nagpur)- Pune Train through video link.
In conclusion, I would like to thank my fellow leaders from the BRICS countries for their unqualified support in ensuring a successful 8th BRICS Summit.
In those days, he had the courage and conviction to hold a mirror to the society, and sought to break free from practices and systems seen as regressive.
And I sometimes think that if we link the pages of history, it is seen that the First War of Independence took place in 1857.
The MoU will help in capacity building of Government officials including state level in macro, fiscal, monetary policies by the IMF and greater coordination between the six member countries of South Asia.
We agreed to prioritize defence and security cooperation.
Prime minister Modi extended an invitation to President Solih to make a State Visit to India at his earliest convenience.
17. I have always said that Science is Universal but Technology has to be local.
Sporting events will be held in all schools and colleges.
And, we are two nations with strong maritime traditions.
For infrastructure projects to be viable, it is very important that the borrowing should be of long duration.
As per the decision of the cabinet, the Spectrum Usage Charge is to be prescribed as given below:
Dear countrymen, my heart is filled with joy because of this one thing.
Due to the emphasis on promoting energy efficiency and rationalization of gas pricing mechanism, highest ever urea production in the period so far has been achieved this year.
The Institution of Income-Tax Ombudsman was created in the year 2003 to deal with grievances of public related to settlement of complaints relating to Income Tax.
He also laid the foundation stone for the construction of Northern Regional Centre Campus of Indian Institute of Mass Communication at Jammu.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for introduction of The Indian Institutes of Information Technology (Amendment) Bill, 2017 in Parliament.
President Trump and I have spoken on telephone prior to this.
With good governance, futuristic infrastructure and focus on new age technologies, you have created excellence.
Let us all take forward the values enshrined in our Constitution and ensure Peace, Progress and Prosperity in our country.
I feel that this synergy of 125 crore active citizens from more than 6 lakhs villages is the real strength of our nation.
This is the richness of our heritage.
There may be still some who see the digital economy as the tool of the rich, educated and the privileged.
The aim is to work together to develop a mutually beneficial relationship inthe best interest of ICAI members, students and their organizations.
You will be pleased to know that in the Summer Youth Olympics 2018, the performance of our youth was the best ever.
UDAY is a shining example of the utilization of the best principles of cooperative and competitive federalism and has been evolved through discussions at the highest levels with multiple States.
The Defence Minister Shri Manohar Parrikar was also present.
Complimenting CSIR for it contributions to the nation over the last 75 years, the Prime Minister said he expected a lot more from the organization in the future.
The objective of FCTC is to provide a framework for supply and demand reduction measures for tobacco control at the national, regional and global levels.
Our traditional practices contribute to a sustainable lifestyle.
But it is not a test of your life.
(iv) Subsequently, the HRD Ministry sought the approval of the Department of Economic Affairs for revisiting the issue of creation of “Madhyamik and Uchchatar Shiksha Kosh” (MUSK) on 11th February, 2016.
During my visit to Arlington Cemetery I will lay wreaths at the Tomb of the Unknown Solider and Space Shuttle Columbia Memorial, in which we lost an Indian origin astronaut, Kalpana Chawla.
Your Excellency Dr Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, Your Excellency Salahuddin Rabbani, Foreign Minister of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, My colleague Minister Arun Jaitley ji, Foreign Ministers, Heads of Delegations, Ladies and Gentlemen,
I applaud all such ASHA workers through the story of Jamuna Mani.
He will also visit the Museum on 1857- India’s first war of Independence and Drishyakala- Museum on Indian Art at Red Fort, New Delhi.
• Exchange know-how and explore cooperation in the area of railways, such asrailway policy development, safety, training and operation and maintenance of railways.
Capping prices of Coronary Stents have made them cheaper by up to 85 per cent.
In the case of elderly patients, he would even bear the cost of their travelling to and fro.
All necessary steps are being taken for creation of the physical infrastructure and creation of faculty and non-faculty position required for operationalization of these three new AIIMS in Nagpur(Maharashtra), Kalyani(West Bengal) and Mangalagiri in Guntur (A.P).
Setting up of a Special Purpose Vehicle to be called Government e-Marketplace (GeM SPV) as the National Public Procurement Portal as Section 8 Company registered under the Companies Act, 2013, for providing procurement of goods & services required by Central & State Government organizations.
Last year, we had signed a joint statement for automatic exchange of tax related information.
• Three, partner in building of industrial economy, capacities and institutions in Tanzania.and
I see the importance being given to entrepreneur- -ship in the Philippines and in ASEAN region.
Finally, India would be happy to work towards more focused capacity building engagement between BRICS and African countries in areas of skills, health, infrastructure, manufacturing and connectivity.
How can the democratic institutions at the village level, in every corner of India, be strengthened?
We hope that during this visit you would feel the same warmth and hospitality that we have felt during our visit to Switzerland in 2016.
The President described well how this campaign that was launched in Delhi has now spread to 65000 villages in aspirational districts, to the huts of the poor; how it is working in the backward villages.
The sector has strong backward and forward linkages to over 250 ancillary industries.
A safe and prosperous Kenya and strong Africa is your destiny.
His noble ideals motivate millions across the world.
I congratulate and felicitate the young heroes and their families who were honoured with various gallantry awards on the eve of this Republic Day.
Her passion for cycling is indeed commendable.
Since the last two Annual Summits, the journey of our partnership has seen renewed focus and drive.
It seeks to enhance domestic steel consumption and ensure high quality steel production and create a technologically advanced and globally competitive steel industry.
They should be youngsters who innovate, he added.
In such a scenario, Consumer Protection is an important component which enhances and strengthens trade in this region.
Cooperation in counter-terrorism came up for discussion.
The Prime Minister also unveiled plaques to mark the inauguration of Infrastructure for building Mine Counter Measure Vessels; and inauguration of commencement of Construction of five Coast Guard Offshore Patrol Vessels.
During his address, Prime Minister highlighted several aspects of India – Japan partnership.
This spirit will drive India’s growth.
With a view to build on the strong foundations of civilization and cultural connect and promote better understanding of each other at various levels, it was agreed to hold the Festival of India in Iran in 2018/19; establish a Chair of Indian studies in Tehran University; organise Indology courses for Iranian diplomats by the Foreign Service Institute of India; support the Persian language courses in India; cooperate further in the areas of archaeology, museums, archives and libraries.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of cohesiveness in the European Union, and its significance as a force of stability in the world.
At present, metro projects with a total length of 370 kms are operational in 8 cities viz., Delhi (217 kms), Bengaluru (42.30 kms), Kolkata (27.39 kms), Chennai (27.36 kms), Kochi (13.30 kms), Mumbai (Metro Line 1-11.40 km, Mono Rail Phase 1-9.0 km), Jaipur-9.00 kms and Gurugram (Rapid Metro-1.60 km).
In any case, for me, the emergence of India as the fastest growing major economy in the world is less important than what is more enduring: the wheels of change are moving; confidence is growing; resolve is stronger; and, the direction is clearer.
Background:
It will also have an AYUSH department with 30 beds for providing treatment facilities in traditional system of medicine.
The Prime Minister said Surat has made a mark in the diamond industry but there is now need to look at the entire gems and jewellery sector.
Track electrification of over 2000 km, and gauge conversion of over 1000 km was achieved in the same period.
Sharing of information on facilities for business and non-commercial aviation.
· An agriculture dominated economy to an economy led by industry and services;
I also wish today to specially talk to those living in Kashmir.
37. We reaffirm the importance of the elaboration under the UN auspices of rules, norms and principles of responsible behaviour of States in ensuring security in the use of ICTs.
Our wide-ranging agenda of cooperation under the 3rd ASEAN-India Plan of Action has progressed well covering the three crucial pillars of politico-security, economic and cultural partnership.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister spoke of the great natural beauty, culture, tradition and art of the Islands.
It envisages improving B2B collaboration leading to employment opportunities.
The collaboration till date has immensely helped in adopting the modern training techniques and tolls on various aspects of Occupational Safety and Health in different sectors of economic activity.
It is, thus, no surprise that the world is taking note of Buddhism.
My beloved friends,
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited BHU in Varanasi today.
Private venture capital into the defence sector, especially for start-ups will also be encouraged.
He said the ocean’s innate potential adds economic muscle to our national development.
But, that is not enough.
We have a strong relationship with the University of Nairobi, where a Chair for Indian Studies has been established by ICCR, and renovation of its library is also being undertaken with Indian assistance.
We are committed to provide 24 by 7 electricity to all the people.
I pay my tributes to one of India’s foremost engineers, Bharat Ratna M. Visvesvaraya on his birth anniversary.
Mr. Sameh Hassan Shoukry, Foreign Minister of Egypt, who is on a visit to India in the context of Seventh Meeting of the bilateral Joint Commission, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
The “MeriSadak” App has been launched in 10 regional languages, and has seen 9.76 lakh downloads so far.
When the work of the new terminal is over, it will be able to handle 26 lakh passengers in a year in place of 4 lakhs now.
The interest earned will however be based on the value of gold at the deposit on the interest rate as decided.
He said that the manner in which Daman has taken to cleanliness as a mass movement using e-rickshaws and CNG is a shining example for all of us.
President Hollande, President Obama, Excellencies, Mr. Bill Gates, Distinguished Guests,
The financial implication of payment of 78 days’ PLB to railway employees has been estimated to be Rs. 1030.02 crore.
If 125 crore Indians take dutiful steps one after the other, they can make history.
In this context, Prime Minister referred to the role of skilled Indian talent in enriching the American economy and society.
MOU between India and Palestine Construction of school in Muthalth Al Shuhada Village at a cost of US $1 million
Millions of devotees come to this world famous temple, seeking blessings of Lord Ayyappa Swami.
The Prime Minister said that these steps are indicative of a transformation in India.
It is possible.
We agreed that fishermen’s associations on both sides should continue their efforts to find a solution.
Today as I speak about festivals and how they are linked to the economy of the poor, I want to touch upon the subject of environment as well.
The Constitution of India is the spirit of our democracy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Cadre review and formation of Group ‘A’ service of the technical cadre of Petroleum & Safety Organization (PESO) in the name of Indian Petroleum & Explosives Safety Service (IPESS).
After MyGov.in, I have just launched the Narendra Modi Mobile App.
PM will lay the foundation stone for the construction of Greenfield Airport at Hollongi .
This is important for India, for Bangladesh and for India-Bangladesh relationship.
I ensure you that very soon you will have the keys of your home in your hands.”
Coal India Limited has achieved a 9.2% increase in production this year, as compared to an average of just 3 percent growth over the last 5 years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired the Combined Commanders’ Conference on board INS Vikramaditya at Sea, off the coast of Kochi.
The Start-Up India initiative also aims to build a strong eco-system of innovation.
Leading this effort, the Prime Minister shared through social media, a special video, featuring his appeal to the people to send messages to our brave Armed Forces personnel.
During the official visit of the Prime Minister of India to the Republic of Indonesia on 29-30 May 2018, President of Indonesia, H.E Mr. Joko Widodo, and H.E. Shri Narendra Modi discussed the Shared Vision of the two countries on Maritime Cooperation in the Indo-Pacific.
I offer my best wishes to all mothers and sisters on this blessed occasion of Raksha Bandhan.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has expressed pain over the loss of lives in the bus accident at Uttarkashi in Uttarakhand.
Indians from every corner of the country, Indians working in different sectors, present a grand view.
I also requested citizens to think about building a ‘Granth-Mandir’ – a temple of books – in their village.
The awardees were selected by a jury headed by the Prime Minister and includes Chief Justice of India Justice Ranjan Gogoi, former Chief Election Commissioner Shri N Gopalaswami and the President of Indian Council for Cultural Relations Shri Vinay Sahasrabuddhe.
The whole range of our economic ties are healthy and on upswing.
I understand that the Ministry of Tourism has identified a thematic circuit for the North East region.
One such circuit is proposed for the North East.
As you have been kept very busy with the coming exams, it might be possible that many news stories may not have registered on your minds.
The Prime Minister also spoke of an increase in renewable power installed capacity, towards the target of 175 GW by 2022.
” Fire at temple in Kollam is heart-rending and shocking beyond words.
The first step towards manifesting this strength is to believe.
The Prime Minister unveiled the highlights of the Start-up Action Plan.
We will intensify our cooperation against terrorism and rally the world to build a common cause against it.
The programme then had all artistes coming on stage for a musical enactment of Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s poem “GeetNayaGataHoon.”
Sometimes I feel that we should publicly announce that today on this route of the railways there will be no ticket checker.
It will take us together into a journey based on shared scientific knowledge and technological prowess.
Digital technology is introducing transparency and eliminating corruption through innovations such as the Government e-Marketor GEM.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of renowned scientist, Professor U. R. Rao.
In doing so,we will also stimulate faster and a more broad-based economic growth.
This should be realized by the people of this country.
c. Enhancing user experience at all stages.
27. We acknowledge the outcomes of the successive BRICS Environment Ministers’ Meetings including the implementation of the Environmentally Friendly Technology Platform, Clean Rivers Umbrella Programme and the Partnership for Urban Environment Sustainability Initiative.
The world might never have thought about the team of one twenty five crore citizens working as a team together as to how they take the Nation to new heights, build the Nation and also protect it!
He said that Industry 4.0 will change the way industry operates, with new technology and processes.
Cooperation Agreement between National Investment Promotion Agency ‘Invest India’ and the Roscongress Foundation
The need of the hour is to stand our ground and continue with our line of effort.
The Sauni projects include dedication to the Nation of Und-1 to RanjitSagar Lift irrigation Scheme and Machu-1 to Nyari Lift Irrigation scheme.
We welcome the positive outcomes of the 8th BRICS Trade Ministers Meeting on cooperation on the IPR, e-commerce, trade in service, and further enhancement of cooperation in E-commerce, on standards and technical regulations, MSMEs and model e-port.
The Prime Minister mentioned about the initiatives taken by the Union Government to clean the River Ganga.
As we celebrate the many outcomes of our Summit meeting, I wish to express my sincere gratitude to Prime Minister Abe and the Government of Japan for the warm welcome and excellent arrangements made for me and my delegation.
In this context, we thank you for the constant support of Switzerland to us in getting the membership of NSG.
We agreed that peace, stability and prosperity in Afghanistan are important for the region.
54. Let us lead from front, promote digital economy and adopt the Bhim App.
Now that you have chosen this path, the journey should culminate at its intended and logical destination.
The Prime Minister said that modern infrastructure has been built at a rapid pace in the last four years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today was apprised about signing of BRICS Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on cooperation in the fields of Science, Technology and innovation.
Why don’t we too, be a part of this journey from ‘Swaraj to Suraaj’ by making our lives disciplined, and filled with resolve.
He will also address the gathering.
42. The leaders agreed that DPRK’s continued pursuit of nuclear and ballistic missile programmes and its proliferation links poses a grave threat to international peace and security, and called for the complete, verifiable, irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, which has been endorsed by DPRK.
Agreement on the Facilitation of Visa Arrangements
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval for:-
She is a symbol of the victory of good over evil.
PM also dedicated 110 MW Pare Hydroelectric Plant in Arunachal Pradesh to the nation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised about an Memorandum of Understanding which has already been signed between India and Bangladesh for promoting cooperation in the field of Information Technology and Electronics (IT&E).
In 2017, he was the Chief Guest of our extremely important Republic Day function.
Memorandum of Understanding on Further Cooperation toward Indo-Japan Global Startup between Nagasaki University and IIITDM Kancheepuram, India.
This is the best way to remember SardarSaheb, because he worked for the unity of our nation throughout his lifetime.
My dear countrymen, as Prime Minister, there are numerous tasks to be handled.
The last leg of the PM’s visit will be in Agartala.
The highest ever average daily construction rate of 130 km, has been achieved for rural roads under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana.
I have a lot of faith in Yoga.
Cleaner and greener development and Zero defect Zero effect manufacturing is another commitment.
This was his first engagement on the third anniversary of his swearing-in as Prime Minister.
Two years ago, he had even taken a pledge not to wear footwear until he meets “Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi.”
The MRA will provide opportunities to members of both the parties to be exposed to best practices of either country and thus expand their scalability to cater to demand of newer markets.
He welcomed the income orientation given to farming.
Hence, our maximum focus is on building futuristic infrastructure.
It is expected to be a boon for food production and skill development in the eastern India and similar ecologies in other South Asian and African countries.
The Prime Minister also remembered exemplary role played by Sardar Patel in Hyderabad State’s merger into India.
Heartiest felicitations to all of you.
We have over 300 million middle class consumers.
21.President Enrique Peña Nieto cordially invited the Indian Prime Minister to visit Mexico again on a State visit in the near future.
Shri Vijay Gokhale, Secretary (ER)
Hence, this year, we are advancing the date of the budget so that expenditure is authorized by the time the new financial year begins.
In Africa, it’s helping people transfer money on phone.
He is getting opportunities to stand on his feet.
He said 12 new airports are being constructed in eastern India.
· 4th Young Diplomats Forum – 25 to 29 June (Pretoria)
Initiating the discussion, the Prime Minister said he is holding separate meetings with Chief Ministers of the drought-affected States, to assess the specific requirements of each, and to focus attention on both immediate and long term measures.
Merely going to school is not education.
The place where I live was known as Race Course Road since British rule but now in the centenary year of Pandit Deen Dayal Updhyay this has been named ‘Lok Kalyan Marg’.
Eight centuries later, his poetry and musical innovation continue to be part of the soul of Hindustani music.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend Ashara Mubaraka – Commemoration of the Martyrdom of Imam Husain (SA), organized by the Dawoodi Bohra community, at Indore on September 14, 2018.
He urged the scientists to work towards ease of living for the people.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated and laid the Foundation Stone for several important development projects, at a public gathering in Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi.
He will inaugurate Jalgaon-Udhana Doubling and electrification Rail Project.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister recalled that Mahatma Gandhi had given the call for the British to Quit India – this very day.
“PM is constantly monitoring the situation in Gorakhpur.
About PM-SYM
Mr. Micklethwait, Distinguished guests, Ladies and gentlemen.
· BRICS Sports Council of Ministers Meeting
We have excellent security cooperation, especially for maritime security in the Indian Ocean Region.
Strong people-to-people contacts and the presence of a large Indian Diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for the relationship.
As we raise production, we also aim to reduce losses in transmission and distribution.
The supply of another 500 Mega Watt has already been committed from the existing inter-connection.
The Bill suggest that cases relating to HIV positive persons shall be disposed’ off by the court on a priority basis and duly ensuring the confidentiality.
He said that the target is universal coverage in seven important welfare schemes: Ujjwala, Saubhagya, Ujala, Jan Dhan, Jeevan Jyoti Yojana, Suraksha Bima Yojana, and Mission Indradhanush.
The Ashgabat Agreement has Oman, Iran, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan as founding members.
Human Resources
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted all the women and men who took part in the Quit India movement, on the 75th anniversary.
Today I seek ever, new, innovative calm so Swamiji pronounced “ Om Shanti Shanti” in the end.
Every one of the changes we have made is in the direction of good governance and rationality.
The relevant documentation has been sourced by the Ministry of Culture, from the National Archives of India.
We want to adopt value addition right from ‘seeds – to –market’.
Within a few moments from now, our nation will embark upon a new economic regime.
It goes to 1.25 billion people of India.
Telangana Super Thermal Power Project will come up at Ramagundam in Peddapalli district and the Patratu Super Thermal Power Station will come at Patratu in the Ramgarh district of Jharkhand.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
The world needs India’s sustained rise, as much as India needs the world.
However, let me take a few more minutes.
A world shaped in our vision and aspirations will give us each a better chance to succeed.
First, it has become an occasion of initiation for millions.
The Centre will impart training to rural masses, especially women for enhancing livelihood security and gender equity leading to empowerment of rural people, especially women.
• More than 34,000 AK 47 Rifles were seized.
The main objectives of the MoU are:
It gives me great pleasure to welcome to India a dear friend, His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan.
It is today a partnership of great substance and purpose.
The Post Graduate Diploma in Rural Development Management Course at NIRD & PR under this scheme is for one year.
Our programmes are geared to accomplish these priority goals in a time-bound manner.
India further appreciated Japan’s role in promoting connectivity through quality infrastructure projects such as the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor and the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor.
Indian port industry loses out upto Rs 1,500 Crores of revenues each year.
In order to coordinate the activities of the Belmont, a Secretariat is hosted by one of the Belmont forum member on rotational basis.
The MoU will lead to setting up of a Joint Working Group, drawing members from ISRO and KISR, which will further work out the plan of action including the time-frame and the means of implementing this MoU.
We should build a partnership that spans the entirety of the human endeavour.
PM appreciated the role being played by Qatar for regional peace and stability.
Your presence, Madam Speaker, reminds me of my Lok Sabha, which also has a lady Speaker.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi spoke to UK Prime Minister Ms. Theresa May today and expressed solidarity with UK after the terror attack in Manchester.
It is important to connect Rural Retail Markets with wholesale and global markets.
People were desperate for electricity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today said India’s immense diversity is its speciality, pride and strength.
He emphasized the importance of connectivity, in the 21st century.
• strengthening institutional capacity at the State level through upgrading AYUSH educational institutions, State Govt, ASU&H Pharmacies,
There are several opportunities for the Swiss companies to become a partner in India’s growth and development.
It is for this reason that development experts have been advocating financial inclusion.
Prime Minister shared his personal experiences on the initiatives taken in Gujarat for increasing institutional deliveries through partnership with the private sector and organising community feeding for the poor and pregnant women in villages so that their nutrition needs could be met.
This helped the rescue vehicles and heli-copters to continue relief and rescue operation smoothly.
Such arrangements will usher in a new change in the lives of crores of our farmers.
We are also trying to get voluntary organisations to join us in this effort.
Let us celebrate victory on Vijayadashmi.
I firmly believe that India can contribute to Asian prosperity and development by being economically strong.
Shri Narendra Modi took stock of the comprehensive redevelopment projects of Railway Stations.
Several market reforms have been initiated.
The Prime Minister of India conveyed the steps being taken by the Government of India to provide a conducive environment for investors, and invited Malaysian investors to participate in economic activities for the mutual benefits of both countries;
They have made a big contribution in creating a positive environment and are leading the Cleanliness Campaign in their own ways.
Tax benefits like accelerated depreciation, and investment allowance have created an artificial bias against labour.
PM also laid foundation stone for a new integrated building at Trichy Airport and for the modernization of Chennai airport.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned the International Solar Alliance, and the joint effort of India and France to this cause.
“Nuakhai Juhar!
We will miss him.
This launch has put in orbit Kalamsat, built by India’s talented students.
Bilateral trade between India and Việt Nam has increased about 10 fold in 10 years.
At Rajaji Medical College, Madurai the project involves construction of 320 bedded Super Speciality Block (including 50 ICU beds) having 7 departments, viz.
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement Working Group Meeting(25 February 2016, Shanghai) 40.
“My prayers and solidarity with those who lost their loved ones in the unfortunate bus accident in Uttarkashi.
He congratulated everyone associated with the construction of this Statue.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved proposal of Airports Authority of India (AAI) for surrendering encroached AAI’s land measuring 106.76 acres situated at Gandhi Nagar, Bhopal to the State Government of Madhya Pradesh (M.P).
The Prime Minister travelled the entire length of the tunnel, and was briefed on some of its key features.
The CCEA earlier had approved gas pooling for urea sector which will enable these units to get gas at pooled price on its revival which will make the urea units globally competitive.
India is located strategically along major sea-lanes from the Indian Ocean to the Pacific.
The Government is committed to ensuring probity among public servants and to protect them from frivolous allegations.
And I have seen that in the midst of such difficulties, all personnel of banks and post offices are working very hard.
The significance of this performance is that it falls on the eve of Atal ji’s birthday.
Background:-
A high ease of doing business ranking means the regulatory environment is more conducive to the starting and operation of the business.
Relations between India and Lao PDR are extensively spread across many areas.
He interacted briefly with various people present at the temple complex.
There are still about 40-45 days left for that.
He also dedicated a bridge over the River Ganga at Balughat, Chunar, which will facilitate connectivity between Mirzapur and Varanasi.
This made the whole world realize and understand the importance of peace.
“Greetings on Akshay Tritiya.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need to study various models of road development across the country, and adopt the best practices, so that more private investment can be brought into the highway construction sector.
I have always been of the view that in addition to keeping the body healthy, sports also transforms the personality, bringing about holistic development.
The proportion of Capital expenditure to the total expenditure is the yardstick to measure this.
With energy demand expected to more than double by 2040 and India remains attractive market for energy companies, he added.
Now we will have to focus on quality education.
From schools to armed forces everywhere the women of our country are marching ahead.
Around 700 transit flats are being built to provide Transit accommodation for Kashmiri migrant employees.
• From Hardware to Software;
The Alliance has the support of over 120 countries and we greatly value Mozambique’s partnership in this initiative.
This session should build on them and deliberate on a pro-active agenda of action for BRICS.
We note that India will become the third largest aviation market by 2020 and in this connection, recognize that the Regional Connectivity Scheme of the Government of India provides an opportunity for strengthening cooperation in joint production and setting up of joint ventures in India in the field of aviation manufacturing to serve the demand created and for export to third countries.
I am very sure that by sitting together we shall definitely find solutions to our problems, find ways to move ahead and also pave a better path for future generations in Kashmir.
The Force has distinguished itself through its bravery and humanitarian ethos.
We have launched the ‘Prime Minister’s Research Fellows’ Scheme under which, a thousand bright minds from the best Institutions in the country will be offered direct admission in Ph.D. Programs in IITs and IISc, the Prime Minister said.
There has been a long gap of nearly 35 years for the visit of Indian Prime Minister.
(1) India is only the 4th country to acquire such a specialised & modern capability.
The Ordinance has extended the provisions of the Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 referred to as (CGST Act) to the State of Jammu & Kashmir.
I don’t have to be caught in a traffic jam and I don’t have to stop for anyone as well.
The MoU was signed on 21st February, 2018 in New Delhi.
These two qualities have been her strength.
In fact, the ground-work for this will be started from iCREATE day after tomorrow.
Only four crore people were filing tax returns in 2014, and in the next four years, three crore more people joined the tax network.
25. We haven’t allowed inflation to go beyond 6 per cent.
“In last 4 years 99 irrigation projects have been fast tracked to completion.
Farmers used to face difficulties in accessing loans from banks for such additional activities.
In addition to the Critical Gap Funding, proactive steps have been taken to ensure the success of the mission with adequate budget provisions for supporting the State Government towards project development, capacity building and other institutional arrangements at the state level.
Prime Minister has expressed India’s readiness for the assistance wherever required, including Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Further, the bank would get an opportunity to tap 11 lakh LIC agents for doorstep banking services, positioning it to improve customer services and deepen financial inclusion.
The Prime Minister said that today people are expressing their desire for cleanliness in one voice.
I will touch on two issues: firstly, “Why Asia?”
In both Oman and the UAE, I will have the opportunity to meet the large Indian diasporas that have made those countries their home.
This will end exploitation and corruption.
My dear brothers and sisters,
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, launched key development projects at Kalaburagi in Karnataka and Kancheepuram in Tamil Nadu.
We don’t trust them.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved providing Central Assistance of Rs. 620.42 Cr. and Rs. 205.758 Cr. for implementation of relining of Rajasthan Feeder Canal and Sirhind Feeder Canal respectively over five years (2018-19 to 2022-23) for Relining of Sirhind Feeder from RD 119700 to 447927 and relining of Rajasthan Feeder from RD 179000to 496000 of Punjab.
Mr. Bimalendra Nidhi, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Home Affairs of Nepal called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Speaking in the Upper House, shortly after the election, the Prime Minister also expressed happiness that the Leader of the House, Shri Arun Jaitley, is back in the House, after recovering from illness.
In this context, he mentioned the sites at Alipur in Delhi; Mhow in Madhya Pradesh; Indu Mill in Mumbai; Deeksha Bhumi in Nagpur; and the house in London.
Besides saving electricity, this has also prevented huge additional amounts of carbon dioxide from being released into the atmosphere.
125 crores Indians are not only marching together but they are taking the country forward too.
Friends, if I ask you to start doing Yoga from tomorrow morning then that would be unfair.
He said the welfare and development issues raised by the Chief Minister would be looked into by the Union Government.
New technologies must be embedded in various operations and processes of a business entity.
The Sides welcomed further efforts aimed at signing of agreements between Assam and Sakhalin, Haryana and Bashkortostan, Goa and Kaliningrad, Odisha and Irkutsk, Visakhapatnam and Vladivostok.
He said that besides the sugar sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
In 1942, the need of the hour was to free India from colonialism.
Social-economic issues like women’s empowerment and sustainable food future will be raised in the G20 Summit.
Our focus should be development of all, through , that is, development of the most marginalised.
To cut down on import of Crude oil, government has taken decisive steps towards reducing imports by ten percent and saving precious foreign exchange.
The Prime Minister especially thanked the Brahmakumar is Sansthan for their efforts towards cleanliness.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida.
This special and unique relationship will always be at the centre of our interests.
He will lay the Foundation Stone of the National Centre for Aging at AIIMS.
He said that when his Government assumed office, the entire gamut of issues, and resources required was understood.
Agartala Sabroom National Highway, Humsafar Express, Agartala Deoghar Express, New Terminal at Agartala are part of this model.
Expected Benefits:
Socio-economic challenges of both our countries are more or less same.
27. Our fight against black money and corruption will continue.
I expressed gratitude to His Highness for looking after the welfare of Indian nationals in UAE.
Free Diagnostics Service Initiative:
This is the first bilateral visit to India by President Joko Widodo.
But, I have to be in the next programme so I will not take much of your time.
Keeping our villages clean and doesn’t allowing any disease to happen in villages will definitely save those 7 thousand rupees.
My vision for healthcare is an integrated system that understands and builds on the best and most effective of different traditions.
Supplying of hardware and software to BBNL for project management works of NOFN project, etc.
In the same vein, he urged lawyers to come forward to provide pro-bono legal aid to the poor and needy.
And truly speaking of the experience and the manner in which they presented their views sounded as if some music was being played.
The Union Government has recognized great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Babasahed Ambedkar, and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, he added.
DAY – NRLM aims at creating efficient and effective institutional platforms for the rural poor enabling them to increase household income through sustainable livelihood enhancements and improved access to financial services.
My farmer brothers and sisters deserve special gratitude for the way they whole-heartedly accepted my request, my prayer and put in their hard labour to get a record production of pulses.
Mr. Shanmugaratnam briefed the Prime Minister on the status of various bilateral cooperation initiatives, especially in the areas of Skill Development and Smart Cities.
He said the emotional integration and demographic dividend of Eastern India must be kept in mind.
In the spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia Satellite.
As a step towards ensuring equitable health services across regions that suffer from intra-state disparities, and to bring about sharper improvements in health outcomes, a total of 184 poorest performing districts all over the country have been identified.
The outcomes of our efforts are visible in India’s global rankings on various indicators.
On this occasion, he announced that Ross Island would now be named Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose Dweep; Neil Island would be known as Shaheed Dweep; and Havelock Island would be renamed as SwarajDweep.
President Kenyatta and the people of Kenya received me with great warmth and genuine affection.
Such an increase has never been witnessed in the past 60 years.
And, as Buddha had himself said:सब्ब्दानामधम्मादानं जनाती, meaning, the gift of धम्मा is the biggest gift of all.
This will be done by creating additional forest cover by 2030.
The Prime Minister will also address the gathering.
It is a sign of good times for the agricultural sector.
He said under this scheme, two states would undertake a unique partnership for a period of one year.
You can very well imagine how much pleasure I derive by knowing this fact and also by noticing that the country is also closely monitoring the programme.
In our country, we give subsidy for the gas cylinders.
He said that Dr. Kalam had a passion for teaching, and he was interacting with students even upto the final moments of his life.
Even in international fora, he added, Russia had always supported India.
For this, we have streamlined our systems and taken several measures to safeguard emigration of Indian workers.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Rashtriya Gramin Swaraj Abhiyan today, at a public meeting, in Mandla in Madhya Pradesh.
• Abundant availability of natural gas globally with increased percentage of LNG and natural gas is contributing to the primary energy basket;
The establishment of the centre would respond to the worldwide increasing need to build technical and management capacity to address marine and coastal sustainability issues and prepare the region for and react efficiently to marine natural hazards.
They are unsafe to live in.
Through these initiatives, combined with the new eco-system of a formal economy and a unified tax regime, we are trying to create a NEW INDIA.
He added that he shares both their joys and their sorrows, through these letters.
The Prime Minister said that Pakistan now knows fully well what the Indian Army is capable of.
The martyrs live for two dreams- for Suraksha – safety of the nation and for sammridhi- prosperity of the nation.
This audience is probably aware of the sweeping liberalization that we have undertaken in foreign direct investment.
Permission for mixed land use in the project site will be accorded by DDA/ MoUD expeditiously.
The Union Government will constitute a High Level Committee, with representation from Ministries of the Government of India and the States, for proper management of the region’s vast water resources.
I am sure you can handle the entire business in your village using this technology.
Further, indirect employment generation will take place due to facilities & services like shopping centre, canteens, etc. coming in the vicinity of new AIIMS.
Necessary amendments will be introduced in the Tariff Policy and Tariff Regulations to operationalize HPO.
That is why we have set a target of additional capacity of 175 GW of renewable energy by 2022.
He asked for a report from all concerned in this regard, within a month, and asked the Cabinet Secretary to review the same thereafter.
Our government is committed to the welfare of Divyaangs.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and United Kingdom on technical cooperation in the field of Sustainable Urban Development in April, 2018.
“Extremely saddened by the demise of Shri Jagdish Thakkar, the PRO in the PMO.
Market makers, could be commercial banks or any other public sector entity, such as MMTC or any other entity as decided by Gol.
He said the focus is on providing next generation infrastructure, and integration of the transport sector.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today reviewed the progress of preparations towards the launch of the Health Assurance programme under Ayushman Bharat.
The Prime Minister urged the young generation to say ‘No to Drugs’ for a healthy life, a happy family, a better future and for the safety and security of the nation.
If you’ll start paying attention to it, you will see that there is no need to do anything extraordinary.
As per the investment approval dated 30.10.2017, the indicative completion cost of the PTPS expansion project is Rs. 18668 crores out of which Rs. 247.66 crore expenditure have been incurred upto March, 2018,
Since its introduction in 2006 hundreds of thousands have received cows through the Girinka program.
My dear countrymen, who doesn’t love sports?
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
The Prime Minister also laid the Foundation Stone for the Astole Water Supply Scheme.
I also had the good fortune of being the first Indian Prime Minister to visit Jaffna.
India invited Sweden to participate in various initiatives including Make in India.
In the end, I would like to express my gratitude to the chairman and all the members of the North Eastern Council for successfully conducting the plenary meeting in Shillong.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Lucknow, where he will take part in various programmes including the Yoga Day programme tomorrow.
The project shall be implemented on self-financing basis by sale of commercial space on free hold basis with no cost to the exchequer to the Government.
· ISRO and JAXA signed the Implementation Arrangement (IA) concerning Pre-Phase A Study and Phase A Study of Joint Lunar Polar Exploration Mission in December 2017, and ISRO and JAXA have successfully completed the feasibility study report in March 2018.
This is a huge moment for our two great nations.
To make things Sugamya – we need innovation, we need technology, we need systems and we also need empathy from people.
He said that perhaps their daily struggles had helped instil resilience in them, to deal courageously in adverse situations.
All institutions running Teacher Education Courses such as B.Ed. and D.El.Ed. have to obtain recognition from the National Council for Teacher Education under section 14 of the NCTE Act.
We took the bold step of de-controlling diesel prices and thereby eliminated energy subsidies.
It is a great honour to have you with us.
India is changing because Indians have decided to change”.
In other words, such a system is being set up where in farms in any part of the country will have a market-connect.
I urge the young generation to register themselves as voters, if they are eligible.
What an accurate depiction of Savarkar by Atal ji!
The interest rates on these funds need to be affordable and sustainable.
A Joint Working Group (]WG) consisting of representatives of each party shall be created to formulate joint programs and to facilitate cooperation & consultation.
But there are thousands of people like Dileep Singh who are doing something good for the nation on their own.
The Union Cabinet has approved the proposals of Ministry of Finance on certain landmark budgetary reforms relating to (i) the merger of Railway budget with the General budget, (ii) the advancement of the date of Budget presentation from the last day of February to the 1st of February and (iii) the merger of the Plan and the Non-Plan classification in the Budget and Accounts.
Such warmth, enthusiasm and the patience to bear limited inconvenience for a greater good is indeed very heartening.
· Traditional skills will be recognized, nurtured and promoted through informal apprenticeships, under various programmes.
Under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi, the entire nation came together with the aim of attaining freedom.
Sri Aurobindo’s vision of India’s spiritual leadership continues to inspire us, even today.
The transfer fee shall be paid by the buyer (transferee) to the Government.
Thousands of your children go to India to become doctors.
Considering our shared values and our interests to promote peace, stability, economic progress and prosperity both the countries have given their relations the status of a strategic partnership.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the promulgation of the Integrated Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu & Kashmir) Ordinance, 2017 and replacement of the Ordinance by the Integrated Goods and Services Tax (Amendment) Bill, 2017.
They have been left to fend of on their own.There are around 40-42 crore unorganised labourers in our country.
He said that by 2022, when we mark 75 years of freedom, he dreams that we live in an India in which our petrol imports reduce.
India recently became the sixth largest economy in the world.
Like Kenya, India is also a young country.
The Prime Minister recalled his interaction with the Japan-India Parliamentarians’ Friendship League in September, and welcomed increased interaction between the legislatures of both countries.
Now Japan is the third largest investor in India.
The Museum is in line with the Union Government’s initiative to honour the unsung heroes of India, who have contributed greatly to nation building.
Strange thing for me that how a government official has turned up in a party meeting.
All this is helping us expand the job market and raise the purchasing power of our people.
(iii). FDI in the WLAO will be subject to specific criteria and guidelines issued by RBI vide Circular No.
I now invite Prime Minister of the Republic of Singapore, His Excellency Lee Hsein Loong to please deliver the Opening Remarks in Singapore’s capacity as the ASEAN Chair for 2018 and the Co-Chair for this Plenary Session.
We can jointly tap abundant opportunities in our initiatives aimed at building digital economy, human capital and smart urbanization in India.
The Ring Road will provide easier and more convenient access to Sarnath, an important site for Buddhist pilgrimage.
This happened because of my 8th November evening 8 pm address.
These form the core of any country’s economic development.
Recently, during the 14th Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas, Niti Aayog and India’s Foreign Ministry had organized a unique competition.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that the Chief Minister of Telangana, Shri K Chandrasekar Rao had been specially invited and was attending this event.
Security and Defence Cooperation
We have distributed LED Bulbs on a massive scale.
From cause-lists to case-laws, the lawyer’s library is now just a click away on your mobile phone.
F. Enhancing scope of Section 80JJAA of Income Tax Act · Looking at the seasonal nature of garment industry, the provision of 240 days under Section 80JJAA of Income Tax Act would be relaxed to 150 days for garment industry
Both sides looked forward to further tie ups and formal arrangements between skill development institutions and agencies of the two countries.
The font size, simple language and easy to understand narrative made Dina Thanthi popular among the people.
These MoUs contain standard articles/clauses which broadly express promotion of cooperation in exchange of knowledge and experience in the field of organizational and technical development of electoral process; support in exchanging information, institutional strengthening and capacity building, training of personnel, holding regular consultations etc.
We want to enhance ease of living for the people, the Prime Minister said.
In the Civil Appeal No. 554/2006 titled DGFT v/s Kanak Exports & Ors., the Hon’ble Supreme Court, in its Judgment dated 27.10.2015 gave verdict on the Target Plus Scheme for Export Promotion.
To facilitate upgradation and expansion of the existing monument commemorating Princess Suriratna (Queen Hur Hwang-ok), a legendary Princess of Ayodhya, who went to Korea in AD 48 and married King Kim-Suro.
The Prime Minister congratulated all those who contributed during the “Swachhata hi Seva” fortnight; but added that a lot more needs to be done.
This quiz is an attempt to familiarise the youth with India’s glorious history and the heroes of the freedom movement.
Our scientists have brought laurels to the nation, witnessed by the whole world.
We believe there is vast scope to combine our relative advantages, whether of capital, technology or human resources, to work for mutual benefit.
In tune with its objectives and India’s civilizational ethos an economically prosperous India will also be friendly to the planet and our environment.
He extended invitation on behalf of the President of Iran for the Prime Minister to visit Iran.
At the next level they have been asked to create new programmes both in skilling and high-tech training.
To establish a mechanism to identify potential areas for collaboration between India and Japan in common domains of primary healthcare, prevention of non-communicable diseases, maternal and child health services, sanitation, hygiene, nutrition and elderly care
61. We strongly acknowledge that skills development is critical to addressing the emerging mismatch between the new skills demanded by an increasingly technology-and knowledge-driven global economy and the older skill set of many workers.
It will enhance employment opportunities for the youth in Bandipora and neighbouring districts.
It is my honour to be here, in this august gathering.
But I do intend to try this time to shorten my speech.
The Prime Minister was addressing a select gathering at his residence, 7 Lok Kayan Marg after releasing the commemorative coin to mark the birth anniversary of Guru Gobind Singh jee.
New workstations have been installed as part of progressive standardisation of work environment.
You must have realized that whenever we go to a tea shop, and enjoy tea there, a discussion with some of the customers automatically ensues.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh tomorrow on 24 February 2019.
All municipalities receive hardly 50% of their tax revenues.
He was the founder of Jan Abhiyan Parishad and also edited the monthly magazine “Charaiveti” and JAP, Jan Abhiyan Parishad Journal.
h) To participate in travel fairs/exhibitions in each other’s country and
I see this in the light and colour of the festivals.
Both leaders encouraged greater efforts for cooperation in railway sector including supply of steel rails, turnouts and locomotives.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep abreast of developments across the world, even as they kept their Indianness intact.
And hats off to him, he has constructed 100 toilets in Bhojpura village so far taking it as a divine cause and providing his labour services without charging a penny.
As the verse 387 of Dhammapada says:
We are committed to provide the best healthcare services to the injured; we want to restore peace in the Valley at the earliest possible so that people can lead their normal life, can earn their livelihoods, send their children to school and sleep peacefully at night.
The interest rate for the medium and long-term deposits will be denominated and payable in rupees, based on the value of gold deposited.
A delegation of Members of Parliament from Bhutan, led by Mr. Jigme Zangpo, Speaker of the National Assembly of Bhutan and Dr. Sonam Kinga, Chairperson of the National Council of Bhutan, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
I am very pleased with our excellent and growing cooperation in Traditional Medicine, including Ayurveda and Siddha.
We also agree to offer special and differential treatment for Least Developed Countries for their integration into the regional economy.
And, international leadership flows from the power of thought, not just from the orthodox measures of strength.
This will help farmers getting short term crop loan payable within one year up to Rs. 3 lakhs at only 4% per annum.
The MoU intends to enhance cooperation in the field of water resources development and management within the framework of their expertise and their respective legislations.
For those who have a mobile, but no internet, there is U.S.S.D. system in 12 languages.
In order to promote biofuels in the country, a National Policy on Biofuels was made by Ministry of New and Renewable Energy during the year 2009.
4. The Agreement shall enter into force on the date of notification of completion of the procedures required by the respective laws of the two countries for entry into force of the Agreement.
The Prime Minister said that the 340 kilometer longPoorvanchal Expressway would transform the towns and cities that it passes through.
He said that while no one likes dirt or dirty surroundings, the habit of cleanliness takes some effort to develop.
Prime Minister Modi later met with Spanish CEOs.
A thing like that they have chosen to give up.
Thereafter, Minister for Electronics and Information Technology (ME&IT) had a meeting (on February 7, 2017 in New Delhi) with the delegation led by H.E. Mr. Alexander De Croo, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Development Cooperation, Digital Agenda, Telecom and Postal Services of Belgium on areas of mutual interest.
• Bathinda, Punjab in July 2016
In the words of RabindraNath Tagore:
There is continuous flow of investments both ways.
The new line represents one more link in the Union Government’s push to modernize urban transport in the country.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Cameron welcomed the ongoing collaboration by the India-UK Financial Partnership led by key industry figures on both sides.
The amendments have been proposed keeping in view the experience gained in managing PPP projects in port sector during the last twenty years and to obviate the problems being faced on account of certain provisions in the existing MCA.
Its share in global output and trade is now close to one-third.
If one looks at where the world and India were in 1968 when Auroville was founded, the world was living in compartments and in a state of cold war.
In his long political journey he won many admirers across the political spectrum.
I celebrated Diwali with ITBP men and army jawans on the lofty heights of the Himalayas.
He added that the teachings of Shri Guru Ravidas inspire us every day.
Prosecution sanctions by CBI or State Police against illegal agents; and increase in the amount of Bank Guarantee deposited by the recruiting agents from Rs.20 lakhs to Rs.50 lakhs; are some of the steps in this direction.
f) Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and Sustainable Development Goals; and
In terms of specific projects, we remain focused on making strong progress on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad High Speed Rail project.
His ideas have enriched the design of our Smart Cities programme.
Yet, such broad statistics give only a partial picture of what we are attempting, and what we are achieving.
But there are some people who go ahead with their work, to bring about a change through their hard work and dedication; they make it a reality.
iv. Any other relevant railway safety matter jointly determined by both the sides within the scope of this MoC with consideration for major railway accident preventions based on the analysis of accident causes.
There are others recruited to the cause in misguided belief”, the Prime Minister said.
You are making a contribution in the nation’s progress.
Whether it is startup, BPO or e-commerce or the field of mobility, our youth has entered into new fields.
We agree to expand linkages among our educational and research institutions.
This long time period ignited the intense longing for freedom in the hearts of the people.
The old and strong historical relations between India and Palestine have stood the test of time.
The same question gave rise to a great scientist of modern India.
• speeding up the completion of the Doha Development Agenda.
The objectives of the Agreement is to promote technical cooperation in the areas of smart cities development, development of urban mass transportation systems, urban settlements and utilities (water supply and sewerage systems), disposal and treatment of solid waste, landfill remediation, management of non-revenue water, water reuse & recycle, technology transfer, conservation of fresh water by artificial recharge of aquifer, circular economy, mass housing, green housing, urban planning, heritage, human resource development, capacity building and other related areas as mutually agreed by the Contracting Parties.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Wage Policy for the 8th Round of Wage Negotiations for workmen in Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs).
An international network of research and academic organizations will be created.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Norway on India-Norway Ocean Dialogue.
Also, why should there be rivalry?
In their journey through Singapore and the region, the greatest of Indian thinkers Swami Vivekananda and poet Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore found a common chord that connects India to the East.
He added that before Paris agreement was finalised, top world leaders used to talk to India.
Brothers and Sisters, Mahatma Gandhi’s 150th Birth Anniversary falls next year.
We are a leading producer of food grain, fruits, vegetables and milk.
This is in addition to Rs 330 crore released as central share of State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) for 2015-16 to the State.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed among India and various BRICs countries for establishment of the BRICS Agriculture Research Platform (BRICS-ARP).
Shri Narendra Modi, today, laid the foundation stone of Shikshan Bhavan and Vidhyarthi Bhavan at Annapurna Dham Trust in Adalaj, Gujarat.
MoU on Agricultural Research and Education between RAB and ICAR
Prime Minister conveyed India’s commitment to work with Iran for development of the Chahabahar Port that would have far reaching benefit, not only for the people of India and Iran, but also for Afghanistan and the entire Central Asia region.
The Prime Minister appreciated the role played by All India Radio – Akashvani – in uniting the people and spreading awareness and information in India.
If we eradicate these evils then it benefits the most to the poor people of the country.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi approved important proposals relating to modifications in the 7th CPC (Central Pay Commission) recommendations on pay and pensionary benefits in the course of their implementation.
FIFA Under -17 World Cup had created a record in terms of the number of viewers on the ground.
At the last India Africa Forum Summit, we had committed a concessional Line of Credit of 10 billion U.S. dollars and 600 million dollars in grant assistance.
That India is a emerging as a hub for start-ups shows that the thrust for innovation is very much there.
This is the vision and the spirit behind Digital India, which I spoke about last night: to use technology to transform governance, empower our citizens, eliminate barriers to opportunities, deepen social change, impart scale and speed to development, improve delivery of services, design affordable products for the poor, customize services for specific groups,and build a more sustainable future for our planet.
“Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar’s demise is saddening.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Jalpaiguri on 8 Feb 2019.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the creation of one circle office of Commissioner of Metro Railway Safety (CMRS), along-with all supporting officers and staffs for carrying out the functions of Commission of Metro Railway Safety as envisaged in the “Metro Railways (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2002”, in the Commission of Railway Safety under the Ministry of Civil Aviation.
He also presented National Awards to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs).
• We have large, young and aspiring populations that are innovative and enterprising.
And, on Teachers Day, I salute Pulela Gopi Chand ji for his hard work, his dedication towards sports and his manner of finding happiness in the success of his disciples.
The expenditure for carrying out collaborative activities will be met from the allocated budget under the existing plan schemes of Ministry of AYUSH.
Who would have imagined that a small campaign “selfie with daughter”starting from a small village in Haryana would spread not only throughout the country but also across other countries as well.
• Seek a firm path to economic prosperity; and above all
Now, its modern strides are catching the attention of the world.
The cooperation between the two countries shall be undertaken through biennial work plan to be drawn up mutually to give effect to the objectives of the instant MoU.
The Prime Minister reiterated his vision of connecting 18000 unconnected villages with power supply within 1000 days, and ensuring 24×7 power supply to all parts of the country by 2022.
The inhuman massacre at Jallianwalla Bagh, provided a new inspiration and mission in life to that young teenager, who until then had spent his days playing merrily in his fields.
PM to attend International Fleet Review in Visakhapatnam.
A Memorandum of Understanding was signed between the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy of the Government of India and the Ministry of Mineral Resources and Energy, Government of Mozambique in New Delhi on 5th August, 2015, during the visit of H. E. Mr. Filipe Nyusi, President of Mozambique to India.
1. Coverage – All employees.
His belief in Yuva Shakti was unwavering.
Customers too would benefit through wider offerings of financial services under one roof, and LIC being better positioned to expand life insurance coverage.
He said the more we recall Dr. Ambedkar’s thought, in the context of issues currently faced by India, the more we come to respect his vision and his approach to inclusiveness.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed in 17 sectors.
These are the new neighborhoods of our new world.
He also explained how Government schemes and initiatives are all aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
A shopkeeper can go online to reduce his inventory and speed up collections.
In many places the wages of the labourers is now being directly transferred into their accounts.
The objective of the MoU is to promote cooperation in the fields of science and technology between India and Indonesia on the basis of equality and mutual benefit.
We have to build fifty million houses.
He conveyed that he looked forward to rapid progress and successful completion of the decisions taken with President Obama at the recent Summit Meeting in June.
Underlining the time-tested strategic dimension of the India Russia relationship, the Prime Minister mentioned the forthcoming first Tri-services exercise – INDRA 2017, between the two countries.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Bhagwan Birsa Munda on his Jayanti.
There is one thing, one task and if you make a pledge, if you make a rule that every year you would associate at least 100 new families with this thing, then what is that thing.
This commitment is from a country with a very low per capita land availability.
When you play, you don’t know, which pawn will appear, just like in a class you don’t know, which question will appear in an exam.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to enhancement of Pension for Freedom Fighters and for the spouses (widows/widowers), eligible daughters and dependent parents of deceased Freedom Fighters, under the Swatantrata Sainik Samman Pension Scheme (SSSPS), 1980.
I feel very concerned about the lives of pregnant women of our country.
A total of 25 trainees passed this course.
He also paid homage to many other famous and historical figures from the State, who have brought laurels for the State and the country in various fields.
In this context, Myanmar Institute of Information Technology and Advanced Centre for Agricultural Research and Education are worthy of special mention.
He said public participation should lead to a matching of the aspirations of people, with schemes of Governments.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that in the last 150 to 200 years, mankind has depended on fossil fuels for energy needs.
I express my gratitude for this suggestion and I feel that as our ‘Selfie with Daughter’ campaign had proved to be a very inspiring experience.
The poor will be benefitted most from this exercise.
The interest subsidy will be calculated at 9% NPV over a maximum loan tenure of 20 years or the actual tenure, whichever is lesser.
The Boards of the Port Authority have been delegated full powers to enter into contracts, planning and development, fixing of tariff except in national interest, security and emergency arising out of inaction and default.
For me, the World Bank report shows that quantum change is possible through commitment and hard work.
It is a measure of its global importance that last year UNESCO has marked Kumbh Mela in the list of Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
The Forum, will debate long-term alternatives to counter rising issues of radicalization and use of terror in the name of religion.
He lauded the role of Tamil Nadu Government in the implementation of National TB Programme.
Shri Narendra Modi said that today, no country or person can live in isolation.
We also want to put in place a robust security partnership to respond to shared threats to our peace, stability and prosperity.
These projects are spread over several states including Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Gujarat, Delhi, Haryana, Tamil Nadu, Odisha, Karnataka, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand.
Since my Government took over, we have been working relentlessly to put the economy on track.
Because,what drives India also holds hope for others.
We must also be resolute in dealing with emerging transboundary challenges, including terrorism, cybercrime and climate change.
He also laid Foundation stone for a permanent campus of Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) at Jote, Arunachal Pradesh on this occasion.
The App presently covers seven programs of the Ministry of Rural Development.
Among the areas of cooperation, following areas have been identified:
The Prime Minister said that civil servants must ensure that every decision is taken keeping national interest in mind, and this should be their touchstone for taking a decision.
However, if we continue to just recite the rosary of demographic division that our 65 percent population is below 35 years of age, then it is not going to work.
But, we must prepare ourselves fully and thoroughly.
I call upon all of you to actively participate in this exercise.
To make it better, we are working hard on various enablers.
However in 1942, the movement had spread to every region and every social class in the country.
She says that this day is special because we are going to enter into the 70th year of our Constitution adoption.
Every Kashmiri wants peace, has faith in Democracy.
The Cabinet observed silence for two minutes in the memory of Late Shri Manohar Parrikar.
Earlier only eighty to ninety big merchants used to get access to global rough diamonds by travelling to Belgium, Africa and Israel.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Chhattisgarh today.
The Joint Venture exercise would ensure greater participation of State Governments in implementation of Railway Projects both in terms of financial participation as well as decision making process.
Swachchh Bharat Mission is completing two years on this day.
We are launching Startup India that will encourage innovation and enterprise.
It will also be a stabilising factor in Asia and the world.
We have decided with great courage to give attractive prices for the products of farmers.
Second, we are working on logistics.
This is the first ever National plan prepared in the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to the scientists at ISRO (Indian Space Research Organisation, congratulating them on successful launch of PSLV C31 and precisely putting IRNSS 1E in the orbit.
He will join in the celebrations to mark one-year of the State Government.
Our region is blessed to have given to the world the invaluable gift of Buddha and his teachings.
He said the Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) will play a key role in this regard.
Linking of performance standards with the annuities will ensure desired objective of treated water of appropriate standard.
The LMA will be directed to carry out a thorough verification of the assets before undertaking their disposal in accordance with the DPE guidelines.
I extend my best wishes to thoseplayers who are yet to compete.
And, be prepared to back ideas and invest for the long term.
A parent expressed an apprehension that her son was once good in studies, but is now distracted by online games.
This will go a long way in strengthening regional cultures and fulfilling people’s aspirations.
C. Registration of certain residuary category of vessels not covered under any statute and lo make provisions for security-related aspects.
This is unique capability of the Indian society that we have been blessed with such god-like great men from time to time, who identified these evils and shown the path for liberation.
The interest subsidy to be disbursed to the beneficiaries will be credited to their home loan accounts after the PLIs have satisfied the eligibility criteria through their due diligence processes.
There was a tendency to deprive farmers of subsidized fertilizer by diverting it for the production of chemicals.
The Commission shall be known as the Commission to examine the sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes.
My conversations with President Sirisena and Prime Minister Wickremesinghe have only reinforced our will to join hands in achieving our common goals.
This is a time of slowdown in the global economy.
The Prime Minister said that the Naya Sankalp – new resolve – should be to raise India’s stature globally.
Area of cooperation
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the policy to permit exploration and exploitation of unconventional hydrocarbons such as Shale oil/gas, Coal Bed Methane (CBM) etc.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness in hosting them and thanked them for giving him an opportunity to interact with them.
In the beginning, when suggestions came in response to a certain episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat’ , one could discern words of advice, and you could read them too, so our team always felt that many people might have had this particular habit of proffering advice.
Every bank has its wallet.
Demonetisation is an example.
Disrupting fund flows constrains the capabilities of terrorists and reduces their ability to execute attacks.
We exchanged views on developments in West Asia and the Gulf, where both countries have a shared interest in peace and stability.
In the Summit, we will deliberate on crucial issues relating to environment and climate change.
Ayushman Bharat will provide immense investment opportunitiesin the areas of health infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing, and healthcare services.
More importantly, no one place on the earth can offer the potential for consumption on such a massive scale.
We will work together on renewable and nuclear energy.
This festival showcases the rich cultural heritage of Kerala.
Tomorrow morning, on 3rd Yoga Day, Prime Minister will join the Yoga Day programme at the Ramabai Ambedkar Maidan in Lucknow.
I wish you all the very best for this venture.
Can SEBI and the Department of Economic Affairs ensure that at least 10 cities in India issue municipal bonds within one year?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has expressed pain over the loss of lives of Amarnath Yatris due to a bus accident in Jammu & Kashmir.
More than 30 crore children are currently of school-going age.
Government of India has initiated the Sagarmala Project keeping it in mind.
But NDA Government has made a point to inaugurate the projects from different regions.
We will support the advancement of a positive unifying global agenda, effectively engage in international efforts to strengthen peace and ensure global and regional stability and security, confront challenges and threats, and actively promote just and coordinated approaches to crisis resolution.
Speaking about the vision of holistic transformation of health sector, Prime Minister said that the approach of the Government is ‘No Silos- Only Solutions’.
Your Excellency President Dilma Rousseff,
He laid the Foundation Stone of a 4-lane bridge over the River Ganga, and a multi-modal terminal.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
Why was such money allowed to come in without accountability?
India and Bulgaria had previously signed an Agreement on cooperation in the field of tourism on 26.05.1994.
The approval would pave the way of following activities to be undertaken:
Mentioning the Swachhata rankings of cities, the Prime Minister said they have engendered a positive, competitive atmosphere.
Lord Buddha was the fountainhead of egalitarianism, peace, harmony and brotherhood.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during Ramzan.
The series is titled – M.S. Swaminathan: The Quest for a world without hunger.
To contain temperature rise we must also change our temperament.
He also conveyed greetings and compliments from the people of India to the people of the Republic of Maldives on consolidation of democracy, which is essential for peace, prosperity and stability.
We express our concern over the deteriorating situation in Afghanistan particularly the increase in the number and intensity of terrorist-related attacks on the Afghan National Security Forces, the Government and civilians.
A day later when I addressed the Council for Foreign Relations, I expanded on this concept a little more.
Social media is transforming disaster response.
He said that the steps taken by the Government are also playing a key role in job creation.
He laid the foundation stone of AIIMS, Awantipora in Pulwama.
Previously, this much time would be taken to decide a very important question – after which member of the family should we name the scheme?
India is on the threshold of a big IT revolution.
He also mentioned the increase in pace in various infrastructure sectors such as roads, railways, optical fibre network etc.
The Prime Minister unveiled a series of development projects for Jammu and Kashmir in Srinagar.
NSDF entered into an Investment Management Agreement (IMA) with NSDC for utilization of its corpus to meet the desired objectives of National Skill Development Mission and encourage skill development in the country.
Chairman, ASEAN Business Advisory Council;
The modern medical facilities will benefit 1.5 crores people of 11 districts of Jharkhand.
The developed country parties are urged to scale up their level of financial support with a complete road map to achieve the goal of jointly providing US $ 100 billion by 2020 for mitigation and adaptation by significantly increasing adaptation finance from current levels and to further provide appropriate technology and capacity building support.
In States/ UTs where the scheme will be implemented in Trust/ Society mode, the central share of funds will be provided based on actual expenditure or premium ceiling (whichever is lower) in the pre-determined ratio.
Now the third edition is being inaugurated from Kurukshetra.
India’s development agenda is huge.
We should take pride in the fact that after the independence of the country the NCC act was enacted before the enactment of rules and regulation for the armed forces.
A bond on whose foundation we are building the promise of our prosperous future.
They have also been a strong driver of economic and people to people connectivity between our two countries.Prime Minister Najib and I had jointly inaugurated the Torana Gate in Kuala Lumpur during my last visit.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the team in building a satellite to collect data on greenhouse gases.
Government is working on this vision.
14. The Jan Dhan Yojana has also transformed the ability of the poor to make and to receive electronic payments.
Many countries in our region have transformed their economies and become engines of global economic growth.
Khadi and handloom have transformed the lives of the poorest of the poor and are emerging as a powerful means of empowering them.
This would be an occasion to celebrate the huge improvements we have made in tsunami early warning.
“ Birthday wishes to Rashtrapati Ji.
The MoU will provide a framework of cooperation for focused approach in following key areas:-
At Hazira, He will visit L& T Armoured Systems Complex and will unveil a plaque to dedicate it to the nation.
Our united resolve, strength and determination to work hard remembering the memory of our great patriots will help us to build an India of their dreams by 2022.
1. Disposal of fixed assets as well as current assets will be in accordance with the guidelines of DPE dated 14.06.2018 and the proceeds from the sale of assets, after meeting the liabilities, will be deposited in Consolidated Fund of India.
I am happy to note that for the first time, the World Bank is helping us in this exercise at the sub-National level too.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Israel in the field of water resources management and development cooperation.
The e-rickshaws are equipped with digital gadgets including GPRS and cameras.
This is an opportunity for encouraging entrepreneurship.
“Mufti Sahab’s demise leaves a huge void in the Nation and in Jammu and Kashmir, where his exemplary leadership had a major impact on people’s lives.
In the ports sector, there has been considerable progress in average vessel turnaround time.
We have a strong partnership with ASEAN.
The land frontiers of our two countries are not far apart.
Combating terror financing jointly is yet another important area where we could work collectively.
Thoreau’s idea of civil disobedience influenced our political thoughts.
This is the heritage of our forefathers, the Prime Minister said, which extends from Ved to Vivekananda, and Upanishad to Upagrah.
The MoU will provide an opportunity to Indian aviation security authorities to share the expertise of their Australian counterparts and enhance the overall aviation security environment in India.
You will be scientists soon and must not neglect this challenge.
If you see around the globe, there are very few countries where you have three important factors of economy together.
This is concrete evidence that the Make in India policy is having effect in employment intensive sectors.
In understand that your mother is very important in your life.
The meeting was coordinated by the NITI Aayog.
AB-NHPMA will be headed by a full time CEO of the level of Secretary/ Additional Secretary to the Government of India.
He recalled that he had inaugurated the Integrated Command and Control Centre in Naya Raipur – India’s first smart city – a few days ago.
The MoU envisages promotion of bilateral Industrial R&D and Innovation cooperation in the fields of science and technology by extending support to joint projects for innovative or technology-driven new or improved products, services or processes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people on the occasion of Rath Yatra.
Our people at home and the world at large are looking at us with great expectations.
In course of his review today, the Prime Minister expressed concern at the grievances relating to post offices.
Instead, there is a cap of 50% on the combined spectrum holding in the sub-1 GHz bands (700 MHz, 800 MHz and 900 MHz bands).
This will alsohelp set up your Pan Africa Virtual University.
It touches upon every aspect of our well-being.
The function will be held in the afternoon at Ring Road Tiraha, Hardua, Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh.
We should think about what more can be done in this direction.
Indeed, there are many Devs, but only one Maha-Dev.
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
In earlier arrangement only maximum of two airlines of could be designated by each side.
For me more than what the world thinks of the government, what the image of the country is, is important.
He said that the month of Ramzan is the time to recall the teachings and message of Prophet Muhammad.
I congratulate everyone connected with this Cleanliness programme providing strength to it.
PM will later address the gathering.
They were proud of the every step taken by you and they felt that our country was marching ahead when you people were taking your steps.
The Prime Minister mentioned that a three-pronged strategy for early detection of leprosy cases in the community was introduced in 2016 under the National Health Mission, especially in the hard-to-reach areas.
This has been proved too.
Raksha Mantri, Shri Manohar Parikarji,
Let us not get into the controversy on who were involved and when.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today presented the National Bravery Awards to 25 children.
In other words, how can tourist destination be developed keeping public aspirations in mind?
They are using Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain and machine learning to create solutions for banks, regulators and consumers.
It covers a length of 9.051 km. at a total cost of Rs. 3770 crore.
The Prime Minister also interacted with the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana: Ayushman Bharat.
Your Excellency Prime Minister Charles Michel,
He dedicated to the nation the 400 kV Double Circuit Silchar-Imphal Line.
Sale proceeds are to be deposited as disinvestment proceeds in the Government Account maintained by Ministry of Finance.
However, I feel that whatever taxes are collected by a government whether those taxes have been utilised in the development of the country or not?
When the money is spent in the proper manner then it creates the facilities for providing good schools, good teachers to the children of a poor person.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and the USA for co-hosting the Global Entrepreneurship Summit (GES) 2017 in India.
We cannot stop anywhere, we have to continuously move forward.
I thank Turkey for scheduling a session on this challenge.
Who can say that there is no God, who can say that there is no justice in the house of God?
India will work closely with Belarus in the coming days and months to implement today’s consensus and outcomes.
In 1989, she became the first woman Leader of the Opposition in Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.
The Prime Minister reaffirmed his Government’s determination to not leave anyone, or any part of the country behind, in the march towards development.
Prime Minister said, “Congratulations Mary Kom for clinching the gold at the ASBC Asian Confederation Women’s Boxing Championships.
More than 92 million mothers and 78 million children have already been registered so far in the system.
The Hon’ble Speaker mam, my gratitude to you and all the respected members of the House on this occasion.
We have agreed to intensify our political dialogue and hold regular bilateral summits.
Our vision of an India-Korea Startup Centre – will provide a hub for Korean startups and Indian talent to freely communicate.
The Diwali lights are still on in Singapore.
This strength should never be blemished, it should never be hit.
Over 11 crore loanshave been sanctioned under the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana.
India is undergoing a profound social and economic change.
A Male Sarpanch engages himself in many more activities.
2. The Act East Forum established last year has served as a driving force to advance India-Japan cooperation in the North-East.
This includes better facility for education of children, employment to youths, modern facility for treatment, facilities for promotion of tourism in the state and special arrangements for production of fruits in the State.
A 150 bedded Hospital (including a 50 bedded TB Hospital in same premises) was established by the Ministry of Labour & Employment at Karma, Jharkhand to cater to the needs of Mica mine/ Beedi workers.
a. To provide advice on AtoNs;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, met with Dr. Seth Berkley, Chief Executive Officer of Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, to discuss innovation in vaccines and implementation of childhood immunisation in India.
In January about 6,000 players participated in 18 disciplines in the Khelo India Youth Games held in Pune.
He described President Rajoy as a visionary leader.
Professor Bose was a crusader for teaching of science in vernacular languages.
From the dais, the dignitaries launched commemorative postage stamps on Mahatma Gandhi, and a medley CD based on Mahatma Gandhi’s favourite hymn – “Vaishnav Jana To.”
And, in the fields, villages and cities of Afghanistan, we will work together for that future.
In addition to the FIPIC Trade Office in New Delhi, we can support the development of micro, small and medium enterprises and will extend support for purchase of machinery for coconut processing and enhancing rice and sugarcane yields.
Dr. Reif invited the Prime Minister to visit MIT and interact with the students and faculty.
About Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas:
You come from a land that is very familiar to us.
Members of Indian diaspora in Singapore,
Prime Minister Modi appreciated Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina’s development goals of transforming Bangladesh into a middle income country by 2021, and a developed country by 2041.
Saudi Arabia is one of the potential tourist generating market for India from Middle East.
The establishment of the NAA, to be headed by a senior officer of the level of Secretary to the Government of India with four Technical Members from the Centre and/or the States, is one more measure aimed at reassuring consumers that Government is fully committed to take all possible steps to ensure the benefits of implementation of GST in terms of lower prices of the goods and services reach them.
4. As India embarks on a new era of development, it needs to learn much from America’s tradition of entrepreneurship and innovation.
There will be no compromise with terrorism.
I see great potential to enhance our tourism and people-to-people exchanges so as to build an even stronger foundation for our relations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with the recipients of the Stree Shakti Puraskar and Nari Shakti Puraskar for the year 2016.
Prime Minister Modi extended an invitation to Dr. LotayTshering to visit India.
KEY INITIATIVES DURING INDIA’S BRICS CHAIRMANSHIP
To mark this Silver Jubilee of ASEAN-India relations, both sides have held many commemorative activities.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on cooperation in the field of regulation of medical products for human use amongst the medicine regulatory agencies of the BRICS countries.
53. Our country has the world’s largest youth population.
Besides, relief from Income Tax has been provided on expenditure up to Rs 1 lakh incurred on treatment of serious diseases.
My conversation with Prime Minister Charles Michel today covered the whole spectrum of our ties.
Accession to the Agreement would enable India to utilise this existing transport and transit corridor to facilitate trade and commercial interaction with the Eurasian region.
The collaboration between India and the USA will enable sharing of the expertise available with organizations in both countries, and adoption of the latest state-of-the-art technology in the field of Earth Science.
This exchange is set to be among the fastest exchanges in the world with most modern trading, clearing and settlement systems.
• A phased roadmap to implement battery manufacturing at Giga-scale will be considered with initial focus on large-scale module and pack assembly plants by 2019-20, followed by integrated cell manufacturing by 2021-22.
PM said, ” Sankranti wishes to my sisters and brothers of Karnataka.
Most of the sectors of our economy are now open for FDI.
We are opening Tinkering Labs in more than 900 schools to promote a culture of innovation and entrepreneurship among children.
This included manufacturing, skill development, railways, cleaning of rivers, renewable energy, education, science and technology.
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government, he added.
He also recalled the over 33,000 police personnel who have attained martyrdom.
He said India’s future had to be built on the growth of agriculture, and the prosperity of its farmers and its villages.
MOU between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Seychelles regarding Indian Grant Assistance for Implementation of Small Development Projects through Local Bodies, Educational and Vocational Institutions
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved thesigning of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Vietnam on Economic and Trade Cooperation.
Your doing so will go a long way in building a New India.
He exhorted them to project India’s capabilities and strengths across the world.
Later, addressing a public meeting at Dhola, the Prime Minister said that the inauguration of the bridge marks the end of a long wait for the people of this area.
Mr. Ibrahim was accompanied by two Members of the Malaysian Parliament, Hon. Kesavan Subramanian and Hon. Santhara Kumar Ramanaidu.
Central Government announced a series of benefits for the MSME sector last year.
INSTITUTIONAL REFORM
The Memorandum of Cooperation will enable establishment and promotion of closer and long-term cooperation between the countries in the field of environment protection and management of natural resources on the basis of equity, reciprocity and mutual benefits, taking into account the applicable laws and legal provisions in each country.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, chaired by the Prime Minister, had approved the construction, operation and maintenance of this tunnel between Baltal and Minamarg, on the Srinagar-Leh section of NH-1A, at a total cost of Rs 6800 crore earlier this year.
i. Relaxation of land ceiling limit for oil palm cultivation under NMOOP (National Mission on Oilseeds and Oil Palm).
A Swachh Bharat Cess may be levied by the Central Government on petrol, diesel, telecom services and also on accumulated waste produced by mineral waste generation plants like coal, aluminum, and iron ore.
At the apex level the Annual Defence Ministerial Meeting was commenced in May 2006, with the last meeting held in India in August 2018.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the 350th birth anniversary celebrations of Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji Maharaj in Patna.
If we do that, the potential is huge.
Research & Academic partnerships
Results that you achieve through your own hard work and diligence will invest you with a phenomenal and extra-ordinary self-confidence.
The Prime Minister congratulated Mr. Bimalendra Nidhi on assuming office as the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Home Affairs of Nepal.
He also inaugurated the Super Specialty Block of KIMS in Hubali, the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal building in Bangalore and the Women’s Hostel for Students from North Eastern Region at Bangalore University, through the press of button.
• We have clearly articulated that we will not resort to retrospective taxation and demonstrated this position in a number of ways.
But even today there are some people who do not want to pass the Bill.
In case, any father is addicted to consuming gutka and whenever the father opens the windows of the car to spit, his son prevents him to do so on the plea of keeping India clean.
It is our endeavor to have at least one medical college for covering three parliamentary constituencies across the country.
The pipeline of JanDhan-Aadhaar-Mobile (JAM) will continue to provide the necessary backbone for coverage of these activities and thereby accelerating the pace of digitized, financially included & insured society.
The North East States must avail facilities and get these BPOs operationalized in their respective States.
Beginning the conversation, the Prime Minister said that he had come to the Town Hall session as a friend of the students, and their parents and family.
Your Excellency, President Filipe Nyusi Ladies and Gentlemen,
I am particularly inspired by Bhagat Singh, who achieved so much at such a young age.
He recalled visiting the border areas in the past, when BSF jawans did not have enough water.
I pray that all your aspirations are fulfilled in the coming year.
In his address, the Prime Minister mentioned the emphasis that Mahatma Gandhi placed on cleanliness.
For disaster risk related to other hazards such as chemical hazards, forest fires, cyclones, different types of floods, we need to evolve similar globally accepted risk categories.
He said that the whole world must realise that this is an issue that concerns humanity, and only then will we be able to overcome terrorism.
He said all of us should draw inspiration from his example.
We have chosen the path of removing poverty by empowering the poor.
He said CPSEs can also take up skill development programmes, as part of CSR.
In our existing budget calendar, the authorization of expenditure comes with the onset of the monsoon.
To ensure that nobody is left out (especially women, children and elderly) there will be no cap on family size and age in the scheme.
On this day, we celebrate the unbreakable bond that exists between Indians in India and Indians living around the globe.
It must be his magical power of putting hands together which saw Lord Ramchandra harnessing the collective strength.
This navy had a big role in the expansion of the Chola-rule and in making it an economic super power.
(iv). The company receiving FDI will continue to produce medicines under the NLEM for the domestic tariff areas at the level which would be the highest quantity of production in the previous three financial years for the next five years.
I hope that the amount of emphasis that is given to the rights at every level during most of the time, is also given to discussing duties of citizens in an emphatic manner.
I will be visiting St. Petersburg, Russia from 31st May to 2nd June for the 18th India-Russia Annual Summit.
Both India and Brazil are rich in biodiversity with a large range of health practices based on medicinal plants and history of use of traditional medicine.
The routes and frequencies shall be decided subsequently.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Union Government is working towards completing 99 incomplete irrigation projects.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to First Prime Minister of India, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, on his birth anniversary.
Brothers and sisters, no poor person wants to lead a life of penury.
I am here to urge all to take that path.
They agreed to continue to hold regular annual senior officials dialogue on West Asia/Middle East, as a priority area for both countries.
The festival of Rakshabandhan symbolizes the bond of love & trust between a brother & a sister.
We must re-examine our assumptions that keep massive funds locked up in inventories.
Russia reiterated its unwavering support to India for Permanent Membership in an expanded UNSC.
However, this exercise of determining the equivalence of posts in Government and posts in PSUs, PSBs etc. had not been initiated.
Be it someone from middle class, lower middle class, dalit, exploited, victim or deprived, they have to continuously be in touch with the government or its various organizations.
Your courageous leadership of Myanmar peace process is praiseworthy.
He emphasized on the need to make use of all available resources and data, to derive best results.
Out-bound tourism from India is growing at one of the fastest rates in the world.
Not just that, just observe the rapidly enhancing levels of excellence in Indian sports !Hitherto, India had never won a medal in a Judo event, at the junior or senior level.
Prime Minister extended a warm welcome to Dr. Abdullah, who is in India on a two-day working visit.
I have been told that the smoke in a rural kitchen resulting from this is a serious health hazard.
The memorial for Dr. Kalam showcases his life and times in a remarkable manner, the Prime Minister said.
It is easy to admire Cho, but it is not very easy to understand Cho.
Several journalists would have regularly interacted with Jagdishbhai over the years.
History is witness to how Mahatma Gandhi’s stay in South Africa impacted him and the history of the world.
(v) National Health Statistics;
International operators and investors prefer brownfield airport expansion opportunities with having more than 3-4 million passenger capacity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the winners of Smart City Challenge.
The two sides agreed to explore the possibility of extending the India-Myanmar-Thailand Trilateral Highway further to Viet Nam through Cambodia and Lao PDR.
i. Benchmarks for training in Yoga;
(x). Claim of any tax relief under the Income Tax Act or the relevant DTAA will be examined independently by the tax authorities to determine the eligibility and extent of such relief and the approval will not amount to any recognition of eligibility for giving such relief.
Today, Yoga has come a long way.
My to-do list is long and ambitious.
Addressing the august gathering in Taj Palace hotel, the Prime Minister specially complimented, among others, the hawkers who distribute the newspaper every day, on this occasion.
CA is an arrangement in which Human Resource Development (HR) is done only by you.
I am told thatIndians account for 15% of startups here.
He added that their performance have made the entire nation proud.
Pandharpur is a holy town in Solapur district in Maharashtra.
The Prime Minister will later visit Amreli.
India and Ireland have been partners in peacekeeping operations.
A very warm welcome to you all!
The World Bank is helping us in this process.
They begin work early in the morning, not knowing when they will wind up at night.
He said such institutes work as catalysts for trust-based governance.
We have a Special Strategic and Global Partnership.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed pain over the loss of lives due to capsizing of a boat in the Krishna River.
He appreciated all those involved with the compilation, and the effort behind it.
Singapore’s Malay name is Singapura, derived from Sanskrit and meaning ‘lion city’.
1. Foreign investment(s) in Air India including that of foreign Airline(s) shall not exceed 49% either directly or indirectly
Upon learning that Ms. Bilqis Bano Edhi was born in Bantwa, in Junagadh, Gujarat, the Prime Minister invited her to visit Junagadh along with her family.
I am pleased to return to a region, known to India since ancient times as Swarnabhoomi, (the land of gold).
The Prime Minister recalled Sardar Patel’s vision of the dam.
But the real potential is even higher.
Taken on January 31, 1961, the first photograph shows her visiting the Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad, one day after the commemoration of the 13th death anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
PM also dedicated first New Bhabhatron with precision technology, to the nation.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
Through the photographs in the book, we see the human side of our President and we feel proud, the Prime Minister said.
He said that jawans who leave the Armed Forces after completing their duty tenure, can become excellent yoga trainers subsequently.
Initiating the interaction, the Prime Minister shared some key achievement, including how 450 districts in India have become Open Defecation Free within four years.
The Prime Minister gave an overview of the steps taken by the Government to address the long-pending concerns of investors.
17. They welcomed the understanding shared by the two parties on the enforcement of India’s rules and regulations on Civil Liability for Nuclear Damages applicable to the Jaitapur project.
It is a privilege for India to host all the ASEAN Leaders for the second time in five years.
The extraordinary pace at which they drafted the Constitution is an example of Time Management and productivity to emulate even today.
India is at an exciting moment of change.
• The two Leaders reiterated their commitment to respecting freedom of navigation and over flight, and unimpeded lawful commerce, based on the principles of international law, as reflected notably in the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS).
Firstly, I will discuss India’s economic growth.
The talent of Bhajju Shyam ji, who made India proud in many nations abroad, was also recognized and he was awarded the Padma Shri.
During the interaction with the Prime Minister, the children thanked the Prime Minister for introducing the new series of coins.
Besides this, Kochi, Varanasi, Ahmedabad and Amritsar may be served through domestic code share operations.
ICARDA has a good track record of innovation, as in climate resilient technologies including suitable food legume varieties for dry-land production systems.
Can’t you help in providing a transparent and corruption free system for the country?
The Global CEO of Oracle, Ms. Safra Catz, called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
I am restless to rid my country of malnutrition.
The emphasis is on enhancing productivity, reducing cost of cultivation and strengthening post-harvesting management, including market structure.
In the instant proposal, 61.5 acre of Government land is to be allotted to Chandigarh Housing Board.
He said technology is aiding human creativity.
We will have to repeatedly remind ourselves of good inspirational incidents.
The Prime Minister of Fiji raised the issue of cooperation in setting up a medical centre in Fiji, which could act as hub for the region, in collaboration with an Indian healthcare major with participation and involvement of both governments.
It will encourage technical cooperation in facilitating access to affordable housing from locally available building materials.
No Indian can ever forget.
The Institution will consist of a hospital with a capacity of 750 beds and trauma center facilities.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval to sign the Agreement between India and Ethiopia on “”Cooperation in the field of Information, Communication and Media”.
The expression of the significance of cleanliness in our lives is intrinsic to this festival.
The Prime Minister recalled the recent CoP-21 meeting in Paris, where the idea of “back to basics” had been raised forcefully.
Innovation and commercialisation will be given due emphasis in fields like metallurgy & materials, nano-materials, biological & medical sciences, and chemical & engineering sciences.
Nanaji Deshmukh left politics and joined the Gramodaya Movement and while celebrating his Centenary year, it is but natural to honour his contribution towards Gramodaya.
I appeal to people to embrace sports.
Dear Countrymen,
Because of their massive coverage the premia are low.
Joint cooperative programs with institutes of member countries could be taken up.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
PM has asked airforce and navy to assist in making arrangements for immediate shifting of critically injured via helicopter.
The right over the use of water, river bed and the appurtenant land will remain with the State Government.
Countries are expected to take ownership and establish a national framework for achieving these Goals.
My dear farmer brothers and sisters, today I would again like to especially share my Mann Ki Baat with you.
He replied, “No brother, nothing like that!
Please look at the importance of your work and then choose your path.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) is a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament of India, ‘The Chartered Accountants Act, 1949′, to regulate the profession of Chartered Accountancy in India.
If we, 125 crore Indians, resolve, we can cover that distance.
The Act East Policy envisions increased people to people contact, trade ties and other relations with ASEAN countries, he added.
India has also provided a building for housing the AARDO Secretariat in Delhi and considerable financial assistance is given to AARDO for maintenance of the building.
India’s bilateral trade with Peru was US$ 107.32 million during 2005-06 which registered a growth of 1319.45% during 2015-16.
We agree to intensify our efforts to realise the objectives and purposes of BIMSTEC as outlined in the 1997 Bangkok Declaration, and reaffirm that BIMSTEC has considerable potential for economic and social development through mutually beneficial cooperation in the identified priority areas.
Rural road connectivity is now 90 %.
The MoUs/ MoCs facilitate exchange of technical experts, reports and technical documents, training and seminars/ workshops focusing on specific technology areas and other interactions for knowledge sharing.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Deepak Lather on winning a bronze in Weightlifting at Commonwealth Games .
Shri Narendra Modi described how India has faced this scourge for forty years, which many described as a mere law and order problem for a long time, until 9/11 happened.
Our young generation must know what had happened on the 9th of August 1942.
He also said that about 10,000 crore rupees worth of projects for the development of Gorakhpur and Eastern Uttar Pradesh have been either inaugurated, or the foundation stone laid for them, today.
For example, can we find farmer-centric solutions to the problem of crop burning?
Divisive forces across our border are trying to disrupt the unity of our nation.
A time-tested commitment to eradicate black money
I am sure that even this time if you go, you will lend further fillip to my campaign.
I commend the contributions of Thiru S.P. Adithanar, Thiru S.T. Adithanar, and Thiru Balasubramanian ji, for the successful journey so far.
C. Healthcare and Wellness
The selected CPSE will have to do tariff based competitive bidding for the project.
The MoUwill enable technical cooperation in the following areas:-
“We salute the valour of those who were martyred during the dastardly attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
Our ancestors would say that there is a divine element in each individual.
Under this scheme, new AIIMS are established and Government medical colleges are upgraded.
First of all, many felicitations to all the children on the occasion of Children’s Day celebrated on the birthday of our first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru ji.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Archaeological Survey of India has performed significant work over the course of the last 150 years or so.
Several Buddhist texts including Jataka tales mention Saint Agastya, whom many consider to be the father of Tamil language.
In a federal democracy like India, it is often not easy to take on board every stakeholder while undertaking reforms.
• Operational Guidelines developed and shared on 2nd July, 2015
You are my team, and we need to work together to take India forward, the Prime Minister told the CEOs.
The Government of India, while fulfilling its commitments under Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act 2014, has already provided “Special Assistance” of Rs.1,976.50 crore to the state during 2016-17.
In Abu Dhabi in UAE, more than 4000 persons participated in mass yoga.
Our development needs are enormous.
Each high-level plenary will be followed by six concurrent sessions that provide the opportunity for more detailed discussions to on Forum’s key themes.
PMKVY will, in addition to catering to domestic skill needs, also focus on skill training aligned to international standards for overseas employment in Gulf countries, Europe and other overseas destinations.
Inquisitiveness has played a significant role in the journey of progression of human life and development.
Debate on the role of black money in elections has been going on for years.
A mini-India will be created there.
• We were directed together by destiny;
How it is implemented in view of its nitty-gritty situation, we are taking the talks forward by engaging with its stakeholders.
The areas of enhanced cooperation include techniques in water harvesting, surface and groundwater management and development and aquifer recharge.
As we gather here to discuss the present and future of global energy, winds of change are evident in the global energy arena.
• Third, a large portion of the harvest is lost before it reaches the consumer.
Both the licensees shall also give an undertaking that they are in compliance with all the terms and conditions of guidelines for spectrum trading and the licence conditions.
But then again, token!
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved a policy framework for development of Underground Coal Gasification (UCG) in coal and lignite bearing areas in the country.
Over 100 beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana, from across the country, today interacted with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, at his residence.
In order to promote employment and to provide social security to employees the government has taken a far reaching decision.
Send them on my portal ‘My Gov”.
The Sides noted the importance of expansion of collaboration in aluminium sector.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for signing of Joint Declaration of Intent (JDI) between India and Germany for minor amendments in the earlier MoU for facilitating implementation of the programme “Indo-German Partnerships in Higher Education”.
A durable reduction in inflation, steady fiscal consolidation, a comfortable balance of payments position and build-up of foreign exchange reserves are the highlights.
This includes both “waste to compost,” and “waste to energy” components.
To give employment to our youth, we have decided to make India a global manufacturing hub.
Today, 128 banks in India are connected to UPI.
However, President Zuma and I have met several times in last two years.
We should move in this direction.
In Ireland I will also interact with the Indian community.
You might feel that what you could do.
Addressing the gathering in Kalyan, the Prime Minister highlighted how the pace of infrastructure and public transport development had been accelerated by the Union Government.
The Prime Minister mentioned the steps taken to provide affordable housing to people.
However, we are here today in the United Nations because we all believe that international partnership must be at the centre of our efforts, whether it is development or combating climate change.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Finland for collaborating based on mutual interest in the field of Biotechnology, for funding and implementing ambitious industry-led innovative and transnational projects within the broad scope of research development and innovation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Indian contingent for their excellent performance in Asian Games 2018.
Arun Goel, Secretary, Ministry of Culture
President Sirisena will be present at the stadium in Jaffna, and Prime Minister Narendra Modi will join the event through video-conferencing from New Delhi.
Many Workshops were organized to inform people on the entire aspects of waste management.
It was here that Mahatma Gandhi conceptualised his politics.
· 4th BRICS Sherpa/Sous-Sherpa Meeting – 20 to 24 July (Johannesburg)
I would also like to express gratitude to UNCTAD for having supported India’s initiative and playing an active role in bringing it to this stage.
While the payment system initiatives taken in the form of Electronic Clearing Service Scheme, National Electronic Funds Transfer, Real Time Gross Settlement Scheme etc. have been impressive, the benefits of modern card/ digital payment systems are yet to reach all sections of the society and be accepted across the length and breadth of the country.
Our relationships across the world speak for our position.
6. One of the core principles of AB-NHPM is to co-operative federalism and flexibility to states.
Our country is a many splendoured land.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today delivered the Convocation Address at the Centenary Year Convocation of the Banaras Hindu University in Varanasi.
Yoga focuses on changing the lifestyle of the individual, so that lifestyle related disorders are easily prevented and managed.
You must have wondered how to keep 2018 etched in your memory!
In the first few days, there will be a limit of two thousand rupees per day per card.
The Government of Maharashtra has given in principle approval for Development of a node in Sangli or Solapur Districts.
Their hardwork and resolve has led to several milestones.
62. We will build together an India, where there will be no place for nepotism and corruption.
5100 e-rickshaws were also distributed on the occasion.
Everyone should be requested for planting a sapling and the younger ones be attached with the cleanliness drives.
Meeting of the Working Group on Counter Terrorism (14 September 2016, New Delhi) 20.
In this context the Prime Minister spoke of the Mudra Yojana, self-employment and skill development.
At present, the next generation infrastructure is being developed in the country by taking into account the requirement of the 21st century.
This time too, I invite you to share your thoughts either on MyGov or on NarendraModiApp.
Skill India is anchored within this new Ministry.
He said he is satisfied that over a lakh women have got a house in their name, on this occasion, as a gift on Raksha Bandhan.
For India, the moral principles of independence movement, or the peaceful means to pursue it, were not just confined to the boundaries of India or to the future of Indians.
We believe it is an important milestone in strengthening BRICS cooperation in the fields of connectivity and infrastructure.
The Acharya N.G. Ranga Agricultural University had established a new agriculture college at Rajahmundry in East Godavari district during the academic year 2008-09 to train agricultural graduates for acquiring advanced agricultural knowledge associated with Godavari Delta.
Belgium is India’s second largest trade partner with the European Union (EU).
We are committed to connect all North Eastern States with the country’s railway network.
Another benefit would be of having a stable grid considering 160 GW capacity addition by 2022 from infirm sources of power like solar and wind.
I assure you my support wherever it is required.
It also sets out measures for effective cooperation between customs and other appropriate authorities on trade facilitation and customs compliance issues.
This is a very good way of dealing with it.
India believes in growth but is also committed to protecting the environment.
The Prime Minister visited the state-of-the-art Gandhi Smriti Library at LBSNAA.
Today, Yoga has become one of the most powerful unifying forces in the world.
She would reach out to every household to use mosquito repellent and mosquito nets.
It works on the One Nation – One Tax principle.
This was followed by a similar initiative on the sidelines of the 4th JWG-DETC wherein a Business-to-Business interaction with Japanese defence companies visiting Indian defence industries at Bengaluru and Mumbai under the auspices of Department of Defence Production (DDP) and ATLA was held.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the soldiers and veterans of Armed Forces, on Armed Forces Flag Day.
The Cabinet further gave its approval to revise the norms of assistance mainly for planting materials, maintenance cost, inter-cropping cost and bore-well to make oil palm plantations attractive.
While the current policy has ensured that collective energy needs of Oil PSUs are consistently met over the years, the policy needs to evolve with the changing times.
Heartiest congratulations, Beti Shivangi.
“I bow to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
• Online one common Registration through a simplified procedure.
Over two days on 7th and 8th July, I look forward to engaging leaders from other G-20 countries on the vital issues affecting our world today that have a bearing on economic growth, sustainable development, and peace and stability.
45. More than 8 crore youth have received loans without any guarantee.
The Chief Minister of Telangana, Shri K. Chandrashekar Rao, was present in the meeting.
This honour has come to a Prime Minister of India for the first time.
And, non-state actors are significant contributors to the spread of such challenges.
Similarly, Ambedkar Memorial is being built on the land of Indu mill in Mumbai.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate the fourth Partners’ Forum on 12th December at New Delhi.
We should move towards a less-cash economy.
We have new frontiers like Space and Ocean.
Our sole mission and motive is development.
I got a lot of new information.
It will provide leadership in advanced healthcare, medical education and research in the region.
Our relations are not limited to the confines of our two governments.
With our highly ambitious/Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs),India would remain in step with the world.
Armenia has expressed interest in cooperating with India in the area of space.
Laying the foundation stone of Defence Corridor, PM told that the Defence corridor in Jhansi Agra stretch would create a lot of direct and indirect employment to the youths of this region.
I believe this is gainful and this kind of a challenge will inspire us to be fit alongwith others, as well.
The two Prime Ministers welcomed a long-term strategic partnership between India and the UK on the former’s flagship infrastructure investment initiative, the National Infrastructure Investment Fund (NIIF), and announced the setting up of a India-UK partnership fund under the umbrella of the NIIF.
It will also result in the repealing of the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation Act, 1961 to transfer the deposit insurance powers and responsibilities to the Resolution Corporation.
The coming together of so many nations to mark the International Day of Yoga illustrates the real essence of Yoga – togetherness.
In this context, he mentioned the loans being given under the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana.
But, we in India face its consequences today.
Ms. Madhuri Bose presented a copy of her book “The Bose Brothers and Indian Independence – An Insider’s Account” to the Prime Minister.
Our histories have intersected since ages.
This common desire was on display at COP-21 in Paris in 2015.Nations took a stand to come together and work towards the common cause of sustaining our planet.
· Out of these 9 crore people, 2.63 crores are the youth who are the first time borrowers, it means that this is for the first time that they borrowed a loan under the Mudra scheme to start their business.
Brilliant ideas retain their relevance far beyond the time that they were mooted.
There is no room for corruption.
He said the Metro will mean more employment opportunities for the people in the area.
The PM laid the foundation stone of roads’ project worth Rs 500 Crores with the press of a button.
I am happy to note that India and Brazil have finalized the text of a bilateral investment agreement.
He will also address the gathering.
The pace of progress is constantly accelerating and India is on track to achieve ODF by October 2019.
The National Anti-Trafficking Bureau will perform the functions of international coordination with authorities in foreign countries and international organizations; international assistance in investigation; facilitate inter-State and trans-border transfer of evidence and materials, witnesses and others for expeditingprosecution; facilitate inter-state and international video conferencing in judicial proceedings etc.
He said it is important for civil servants to keep pace with emerging technologies worldwide.
Twenty- two thousand rural haats in the country will be upgraded by creating the necessary infrastructure and these will be integrated with APMC and e-NAM platform- so that the farmers would not have to go to distant places for selling their produce.
He had said that joining Congress is like committing suicide.
a. To extend advice on lighthouses and beacons;
Our proactive foreign policy and energy diplomacy is helping us to strengthen our ties with our neighbouring countries.
I would also like to tell about the GST.
Just a while ago we heard President Xi and Prime Minister May.
Protection of civilians and access to humanitarian aid are fundamental and all parties to the conflict and their supporters are expected to live up to their commitments.
More than fifteen years ago, Prime Minister of India, Atal Bihari Vajpayee stood here and gave a call to step out of the ‘shadow of hesitation’ of the past.
Address to Indian Community.
The Prime Minister described the document of the Narmada Seva Mission, presented by the State Government, as futuristic, with an appropriate vision for protecting natural resources.
They reaffirmed that the prevention of an arms race in outer space (PAROS), would avert a grave danger for international peace and security.
This sacred land brings to mind the legend Thiruvalluvar, a celebrated Tamil poet and philosopher.
Just as the range of our interests are broad, so are the foundations of our relationship deep – our shared values, ties of kinship, unmatched mutual respect and trust, and a partnership of equality.
We appreciate the compelling logic of regional connectivity for peace, progress and prosperity.
Bringing down the rate from 10 to 5 percent is a bold move.
I have felt an intense desire, to make a contribution to India.
The queues of the trucks on the borders now no longer exist.
He said the recently opened waterway between Varanasi and Kolkata would also benefit Ghazipur.
Defence and Security Cooperation
The High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka,
Before each episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat, ’suggestions pour in Aakashvani, on NarendraModiApp, come through on MyGov, by the phone and come by the means of recorded messages from every corner of the country and people of every age group, And sometimes when I take the time to view them, for me it becomes an extremely pleasant experience.
What have we come to?
Each BRICS member country should take the lead in at least two priority areas listed in the Strategy.
“Inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Dr. Rajendra Prasad became an active part of India’s freedom struggle.
No poor person wants to pass on his poverty as a legacy to his children.
Inflation is low, running at less than 4 per cent compared to double digit inflation under the previous government.
The leaders asserted that strong measures should be taken against terrorists, terror organizations, their networks and all those who encourage, support and finance terrorism, or provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has considered the Model Shops and Establishment (Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Bill, 2016.
d) To establish exchange programme for cooperation in Human Resources Development
However, multilateral institutions should not impose such difficult safeguards and conditions on loans that they become barriers to development in many countries and undermine sustainable development.
This 41.7 km long section of National Highways falls in the Jalpaiguri district in West Bengal, and will be constructed at a cost of about Rs 1938 Crore.
He offered prayers at the Hatkeshwar Temple.
The issue was under active consideration of the present Government as this arrangement leads to greater competition; provides incentives for innovation; better data services, utilising state of art technologies, being available to consumers at cheaper tariffs; better choice to consumer etc.
We know how to manage an economy !
You all should start preparing for it right away.
We should join hands together as a family.
Dr. Vikram Sarabhai has had an important role in India’s space program.
The Prime Minister spoke of the goals such doubling farmers’ income by 2022, and balanced development in rural and urban areas.
And for a country like India, this common sentiment of the people is a very big force.
Three MoUs have been signed on cooperation in Cyber Security and the details are follows:-
This Framework Agreement would lead to develop a host of joint activities in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
Pahal has entered into the Guinness book of World records, as the largest Direct Benefit Transfer scheme in the world.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of an Agreement between India and Uzbekistan on cooperation in health and medical science.
International Youth Exchange programmes promote exchange of ideas, values and culture amongst youth and help in developing international perspective among the youth.
G20 must continue to give priority on combating corruption.
Afghanistan will help India and ICAI to facilitate indirect employment generation for Indian CAs through recognition and acceptability amongst Afghanistan employers.
This is a world of free nations and awakened aspirations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will receive the United Nations’ highest environmental honour, the ‘UNEP Champions of the Earth’ award at a special ceremony in Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra, New Delhi on October 3.
Mission mode intervention
It has now been provided that 100% FDI under automatic route for trading, including through e-commerce, is permitted in respect of food products manufactured and/or produced in India.
My thoughts are with his family, friends and lakhs of people grieving.
They agreed to remain closely engaged on various issues related to the reform of the United Nations.
In Price Support Scheme (PSS), physical procurement of pulses, oilseeds and Copra will be done by Central Nodal Agencies with proactive role of State governments.
I pray for his long and healthy life.
This would facilitate visa-free entry, transit and stay up to 90 days (or less) in any period of 180 days (or more) in the territory of India or signatory country for holders of diplomatic and official passports of either country.
This is a research set up by an international organization.
This will also reduce capital costs and inventories.
But Muslim women in India did not have this right.
We can learn from them and work on weaker districts.
We call upon all countries to fully implement the Paris Agreement adopted under the principles of the UNFCCC including the principles of common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities, and urge developed countries to provide financial, technological and capacity-building support to developing countries to enhance their capability in mitigation and adaptation.
And, it reflects our evolving understanding of the social, economic and environmental linkages that define our lives.
Several short term (to be implemented within one year) and medium term measures (to be implemented within two years) have been approved for implementation by the Government Ministries/ Departments/ Organisations.
All these changes will be put into effect simultaneously from the Budget 2017-18.
In the Global Innovation Index 2016, we have moved up 16 rungs and in the Logistics Performance Index 2016 of the World Bank, we have risen by 19 ranks.
So I am deeply appreciative of Prime Minister Modi’s commitment to Digital India, to make this enormous opportunity a reality for all Indians, and I am personally also impressed by the example Prime Minister Modi has set of using the internet and social media to communicate directly with Indian citizens.
The Prime Minister appreciated the skill and dedication of ASHA workers, and recalled that even Bill and Melinda Gates had praised the efforts of ASHAs towards eradication of diseases such as Kala Azar.
We are fully aware that out-of-pocket expenses remain a key barrier for women to access timely health care and services.
He said this bridge enhances connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, and opens the door for economic development, on a big scale.
Will make no difference
Anyway, these are just some personal thoughts.
He said that the team of Secretaries to the Government of India, has the collective wisdom and experience to create policies to fulfil the hopes and aspirations of India’s people.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of adequate climate change financing for countries like India which are consciously choosing to follow an environmentally sustainable path.
Be it Transport, Power, Ports, Shipbuilding, Housing and Urban Infrastructure, there is huge demand in India while there are strong technological capabilities and capacities in Korea.
The Cabinet today approved the draft National Commission for Indian Systems of Medicine (NCIM) Bill, 2018, which seeks to replace the existing regulator Central Council for Indian Medicine (CCIM) with a new body to ensure transparency.
I say this because of the track record of the ASEAN countries.
For India, World War I was an important event.
But, Sabrimala temple in itself is an example to show how this challenge could be converted into a sanskar, a habit and what a tremendous strength public participation has!
Mr. Asaduzzaman Khan thanked Prime Minister for India’s support and solidarity.
India takes pride in that more than 3 million Indians living in the gulf countries have become partners in the developmental journey of this region.
And, with proposed construction of another eight reactors, our wide ranging cooperation in nuclear energy is set to bring rich dividends for both of us.
Successful launch of INSAT-3DR is a moment of immense joy.
This new policy to remove the minimum capacity utilization criterion would put the SSP units on the same footing as other fertilizers and they would be eligible for subsidy irrespective of quantity of SSP produced and sold for agriculture purposes.
Can we citizens and school and college students take up the initiative of cleaning the statue of any great men installed in our city, of cleaning the premises, we can do best of cleanliness and best of decoration on the occasion of 26th January.
On 26th January we celebrate Republic Day.
One Mr. Aashish has called me up and appreciated the fight against corruption and black money through the action on 500 and 1000 Rupee notes: –
The main objective of the scheme was to develop a financial asset as an alternative to purchasing metal gold.
Today again, I can see lot of energy and enthusiasm in this hall.
These works may seem small but have a very deep impact in changing our thinking and in giving a new direction to the society.
I call upon all Indian and South African government agencies, investment promotion organizations as well as business leaders of both countries to work pro-actively to realize the true potential.
He said the Multi Sports Complex would offer opportunities for training and competitions.
He urged all stakeholders to think about the plan of action of the next 5 years, when NCC turns 75.
The Sides resolved to continue mutual support and synergies at various platforms including BRICS and ITU.
In 1974, India took a firm stand in support of the sovereignty, unity and territorial integrity of the Republic of Cyprus .
We explore shared economic opportunities while addressing common threats like terrorism.
We must move away from that.
Noida does not have railway station and the nearest railway station is Hazarat Nizamuddin, New Delhi which is at a distance of about 15 km.
But these poor people saved money and deposited a sum of 22,000 crores.
The Indian delegation was led by Dr. Harsh Vardhan, Minister of Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
I found that exams are very much like problems you face later in life.
The Union Government also wishes to share with States, the amount that is being saved as a result of transparency being introduced into the system.
These include his birthplace in Mhow, the place in London where he stayed while studying in the UK, Deeksha Bhoomi in Nagpur, Mahaparinirvan Sthal in Delhi, and Chaitya Bhoomi in Mumbai.
Noting that the practice of Triple Talaq has caused great injustice among Muslim women the Prime Minister assured Muslim women that he will will work to ensure that justice is done to them.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of India joining as Member of Advanced Motor Fuels Technology Collaboration Programme (AMF TCP)under International Energy Agency (IEA) on 9thMay, 2018.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the new premises of Central Information Commission, CIC at Munirka in the capital tomorrow.
Any further request for incurring the person days would be considered as per the requirement projected by the State.
Today this Dr Ambedkar International Centre is a living example of the fact that this government’s schemes do not get stuck midway.
Gaganyaan Programme is a national effort and will involve the participation of the Industry, Academia and National Agencies spread across the length and breadth of the country.
The country is changing.
There were times when the family had no money to buy food.
We have launched the Make in India campaign for this.
Department of Economic Affairs on 20th June, 2016 approved that this Ministry may move a draft Cabinet Note to seek the approval of the Cabinet for creation of.
That India should be a great science destination.
A delegation of 51 artists and writers led by Shri Anupam Kher, called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
Efforts to accelerate global economic growth will help trade.
The Prime Minister said that it is important to counter the challenges being posed to the multilateral trading system.
Mortality due to TB per lakh population for India reduced to 21 in 2017 from 32 in 2016;
3. Exhibition on Futuristic Technologies and Space Exploration which offers a vision of the future of space travel.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi had telephonic conversations with the President and Prime Minister of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and conveyed heartfelt condolences on his own behalf and on behalf of all Indians at the loss of over one hundred and fifty innocent lives in today’s terrorist attacks in Sri Lanka.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has wished the very best to the athletes representing India at the Rio 2016 Paralympics, starting from 7th September.
In recent years, Maldives has emerged as an important tourism generating market for India.
Later, at DLW campus, the Prime Minister will interact with students of Kashi Vidyapeeth, and children assisted by them.
He added that respecting dignity of labour will take the nation forward.
It provides a structured framework and enabling environment to the MSME sector of the two Parties to understand each other’s strengths, markets, technologies, policies etc.
• The age of superannuation of doctors of Central Health Service was enhanced to 65 years w.e.f 31st May, 2016.
PM will inaugurate four Rural Water Supply Schemes in Ramgarh and Hazaribagh districts.
Today we have identified specific methods to enhance our commercial engagement.
I feel it will yield good results.
Speaking on the subject of Aspirational Districts, the Prime Minister said that these 115 districts could become growth engines for their entire States.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Punjab and Haryana, on the Statehood Day .
A presentation was also made on the implementation status of decisions taken during the last three years.
He will lay the foundation stone for the National Tribal Freedom Fighters’ Museum during the event.
• A commitment to promote international security and stability in cyberspace through a framework that recognizes the applicability of international law, in particular the UN Charter, to state conduct in cyberspace and the promotion of voluntary norms of responsible state behavior in cyberspace;
We also intend to set up an ASEAN-India Innovation Platform to facilitate commercialization of low cost technologies, technology transfer and collaborative R&D projects.
If tapped well, the sector can emerge as the biggest employer in the region.
He added that the reach and supply chains of terrorism are global, but genuine cooperation between nation states is not.
Rural road connectivity went up from 55 percent to 90 percent;
The forgiveness of Nelson Mandela and his Long March to Freedom gave rise to A Rainbow Nation.
I congratulate the leadership, management, and faculty of GFSU for their energy and commitment, making this University the pride of Gujarat and India.
Elements like spirit, strength, skill, stamina are extremely important in the world of sports.
His death anniversary or mahaparirvan divas falls on 6th December.
The Prime Minister said that he knows the extent of damage and destruction such a cyclone brings, as he too has been a Chief Minister of a coastal state.
You can also provide it on MyGov.
The Prime Minister observed that the suggestions made today covered policy, administrative as well as regulatory issues.
The Air Force displayed the full range of its attack and defence capabilities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today attended the first anniversary celebration of the Smart Cities Mission and AMRUT, in Pune.
I believe in the politics of empowerment.
We call for early conclusion of negotiations on the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism to strengthen the global counter-terrorism normative and legal framework to combat this scourge.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Saurabh Chaudhary on winning gold in Men’s 10m Air Pistol event at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta – Palembang, Indonesia
He said “at one point of time there was a mindset among people that nothing can change.
My experience has been that we can remain happy by accepting the circumstances.
So, convergence between economy, ecology and energy should define our future.
The CEP seeks to promote cultural exchange and strengthen the friendly relations between India and Cambodia.
The transfer of Government land for construction of Peripheral Master Road in Mansa Devi Complex (MDC), Panchkula will usher in growth and development in the region leading to more employment generation.
Interference in banking decisions has ended.
We also have vibrant and growing partnerships across all areas – trade and investment, defence and security, science and education, clean energy and health, technology and innovation, and culture.
Registered office of HCL is located at Kolkata.
As on the First of March 2019, these Centres have already become functional in fifteen Smart Cities.
Consideration of developing Main District Roads (MDRs) and Other District Roads (ODRs), which will have positive socio-economic effect.
India attaches great importance to the United Nations.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom regarding cooperation between both countries in the sphere of Law & Justice and to set up a Joint Consultative Committee.
He shall also unveil a plaque to mark the commencement of coal production and transportation from Dulanga coal mines.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the proposal of Ministry of Shipping to enact Admiralty (Jurisdiction and Settlement of Maritime Claims) Bill 2016 and to repeal five archaic admiralty statutes.
The MoU was signed on 13th March, 2018 at New Delhi.
I wish to congratulate those who took out time for an in depth analysis of our work, there were some praises some support and sometimes shortcomings were also pointed out, I understand the importance of all these things.
The molecular oncology department of the institute was designated a “Centre of Excellence” in 2007 by the Union Government.
Rather than winning countries through wars, India has believed in winning hearts.
Like Yoga connects body, mind, heart and soul: similarly it is connecting the world now.
And, in so doing you have also echoed the South African ethos of Umuntu Ngumuntu Ngabantu (You are what you are because of other people)
Today the nation has seen the negativity expressed by some members.
At the end, I would like to convey my sincere thanks for giving me the opportunity of joining the celebrations.
The Prime Minister urged the officers to work towards simplification of governance processes.
Similarly, health sector is another area of great interest to both sides.
Moreover, talented young minds in India have now begun taking risks.
Six women officers of the Indian Navy, who successfully circumnavigated the globe on the sailing vessel, INSV Tarini, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
He said that such actions by the affluent class will greatly benefit the poor.
The two leaders noted that the mutually beneficial ties between the two countries were based upon the strong foundations of the two millenia old cultural and civilisational connect.
We are giving loans through MUDRA Bank without any collateral.
We have taken huge strides in rural electrification.
It would stand firm amid any crisis and if this pyramid of development is based on economic strength, it would increase the purchasing power of these people to a great extent.
Last evening, President Kenyatta and I had a memorable interaction with the Indian diaspora.
We are working on clean coal technology.
May our intellect be Sharpened
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
(iii). Medical and health research development;
The Prime Minister launched a website – “Indian Police in Service of the Nation.”
We have lost a brilliant scientist & academician who made a lasting contribution to Indian education.
Initiating the discussion, the Prime Minister stated that the Centre and States have to work together to mitigate the problems faced by the people due to the drought.
First one is that the size of the cabinet in states was restricted to 15% of the total seats in the state Assembly.
The Prime Minister said multi-tasking, which is considered to be a very important element of modern-day management, comes naturally to women.
Late in the evening, the Prime Minister drove through the streets of Varanasi, evaluating the development of the city.
The Prime Minister noted that under the Smart City Mission, projects worth Rs. 7000 crore have been completed, and projects worth Rs. 52,000 crore are under implementation.
4. Your presence here today reaffirms your commitment to the bilateral relationship.
Over the centuries, we have been learning from each other and Trade and Consumer Protection are also an integral part of this process.
On this occasion, many felicitations to the citizens of these two states on my behalf.
Others may feel more comfortable supporting through contributions made to Swachh Bharat, Namami Gange and others.
He reiterated his directive for top officers to intervene in this matter.
This feat of successful in orbit launch of Mangalyaan speaks volumes about the capabilities of our scientists.
• Focus is on handholding support for both SC/ST and Women borrowers.
I am glad that GFSU is among very few universities in India, to achieve this immediately after establishment.
It will be closely monitored by the Indian Embassy in Yangon, PMC and the Ministry of External Affairs.
Background
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister described this conclave as a new beginning in the public sector sphere.
In his talks with his Swedish counterpart Mr.Stefan Lofven, Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi lauded Sweden as a significant participant under the Make in India initiative.
He also urged youngsters of the country to travel across the country and explore its diversity.
And, she did not write to me this letter as a Prime Minister but she straightforwardly wrote – “Modi Bhaiya!”
I am confident that our trade and investment will expand, as our economies grow.
He said that all aspects and parameters of human development need to be addressed and improved upon in the 115 aspirational districts.
We have launched the MUDRA scheme to provide easy finance of upto one million rupees to entrepreneurs.
The Defence Policy Dialogue (DPD) was commenced in April 2007 in Tokyo; the 6th edition of DPD and 5th edition of 2+2 Dialogue was held in New Delhi in June 2018.
Defence and Security
The premium for annual commercial and horticultural crops will be 5 per cent.
Ultimately, this is what India has stood for since ages.
The Agreement invokes the Paris Declaration on ISA and encapsulates the vision of the prospective member nations.
· India’s highest ever software exports were recorded in 2015.
Almost two decades ago, India had introduced the New Exploration Licensing Regime.
We, BRICS countries, are eager to cooperate in the new Industrial Revolution.
We hear of vegetable vendors who return excess money given by customers.
4. Grant-in-Aid to Central Tibetan Relief Committee (CTRC) for five years for administrative and social welfare expenses of Tibetan settlements.
Our space program has been possible due to innumerable young scientists of the country.
Tomorrow is Budget Day.
Indian Jews are a living and vibrant connect to this shared history.
The train will run three days a week.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered Shyamji Krishna Varma, on his birth anniversary.
The approval will bring six new Indian Institutes of Technology within the ambit of The Institutes of Technology Act, 1961 and declaring them as the institutions of national importance.
In Central Asia too, we have built our ties on the edifice of shared history and culture to unlock new vistas of prosperous partnership.
The Prime Minister said all major religions of the world are present in India, and in big numbers too.
This morning of the 15th of August is not a usual morning.
3. The Sides reaffirmed their commitment to the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between India and Russia.
It is also noteworthy that according to WHO report, use of toilets under Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has potential to save 3 lakh innocent life.
Mygov.in organized a logo, donor card and slogan design competition for NOTO and it was surprising to me that so many people participated and presented their ideas in such innovative ways with such compassion.
He said that there is a certainlevel of enthusiasm towards the Swachhata campaign, whichis visible in his travels.
I request all of you to actively participate in the movement and ensure an open defecation free society and clean environment.
Thank you for welcoming me with such warmth and affection.
Addressing the gathering, Prime Minister said that Noidahas been completely transformed.
It has brought over two hundred million unbanked people into the banking system.
At the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex in Luwangsangbam, the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the National Sports University, 1000 Anganwadi Centres, 19 residential complexes for teachers, doctors and nurses, and other development projects.
I have full faith and I believe that a positive change is to come.
My dear countrymen, for years, we waited seeking membership to some international organizations, but today, our country has become a member of innumerable organizations.
Since 2009, Global Focal Point Forum is actively promoting the exchange of corruption data among law enforcement agencies and anti-corruption entities worldwide.
Noting that free and open seas, as regulated by UNCLOS, are essential for peace, stability and prosperity of the region and the international community;
In its judgment dated 16.11.1992 in WP(C) 930/1990 (IndraSawhney case) the Supreme Court had directed the Government to specify the basis, for exclusion of socially and economically advanced persons from Other Backward Classes by applying the relevant and requisite socio-economic criteria.
We will support our industry to invest in Africa.
But I want to share with you what I heard from these heroes.
Development of the poorest of the poor is the real indicator of peace.
Eventually, during the 4th meeting of BIMSTEC Senior Officials on Energy held on 11th-12th January 2017, the MoU was discussed and finalized.
Today, I’m saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the ‘Swachch Bharat Mission’ a successful campaign.
It is understood from EXIM Bank that the USD 9 billion would be extended by KEXIM by way of Investment Credit (typically export credit facility to finance projects with a certain level of Korean import content and interest rates as per OECD export credit guidelines).
Yog has a special significance in the ‘Fit India’ campaign.
They agreed that this phenomenon presented the single biggest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region and beyond.
This India stands for development.
We value Japan’s global leadership in innovation, technologies and best practices.
It is a part of Government’s commitment for financial inclusion and social security.
This is what upbringing is all about.
The Prime Minister said that the Conference has now become more relevant, in the context of challenges and responsibilities facing the country.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in this region.
A while ago, I had a chance to have an indirect dialogue, with young friends from Karnataka.
Kenya made a resolve and set up a mobile based system M-PESA, adopted appropriate technology which was named M-PESA and today in Kenya, in this region of Africa, total business is ready to shift to this system.
India has always been resolutely committed to peace.
We thank you for being there when the partnership needed you the most.
One lakh farm ponds are planned to be built under the State Plan, and an additional five lakh farm ponds will be built under MNREGA.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited the All Women IT and ITES Centre of Tata Consultancy Services in Riyadh.
Second, we are no longer looking for a man in a cave, but we are hunting for a terrorist in a city with a computer or a smartphone.
The speed and scale at which Mission Indradhanush is working is setting a new paradigm in preventive healthcare.
And at the Pro-Kabaddi league in India a few months ago, some of the loudest cheers, were reserved for a Korean Kabaddi player.
In this regard, he recognized Congress’ strong bipartisan support for the India-US partnership.
As a result, the UK’s insurance industry with joint ventures in India, have announced a number of agreements to increase their Foreign Direct Investment in the country.
The staff of the UN and diplomats from across the world participated.
I am very happy that the IMF has collaborated with us in organizing this conference.
For this purpose, three new sub-rules are to be inserted in ‘the Housing and Telephone Facilities (Members of Parliament) Rules, 1956’.
After five years, in 2022 it will be seventy five years of India’s Independence.
It is a temporary balm at best.
We have entered for the first time into a monetary framework agreement, with the Reserve Bank to curb inflation.
In the year to September 2015, FDI in construction activities showed 316 per cent growth.
(f) Reduction in JAG level posts from 111 to 90.
From the Legend of Rama to the Wisdom of Buddha our ties are founded on a shared cultural heritage.
Visiting the museum dedicated to him has also been an unforgettable experience for me.
Apart from that, I am grateful for the valuable advice that we have received from Mr. Michael Bloomberg in the design of our Smart Cities programme.
The Prime Minister congratulated the media for furthering the message of Swachh Bharat and creating awareness.
A delegation of eminent Muslim citizens called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today.
I believe that we should take inspiration from these episodes of history.
“Had a good discussion with H. E. Mr. Stefan Löfven, Swedish PM, on the phone.
He was a scholar, a diplomat, the President of India and yet, quintessentially a teacher.
These plans would be finally integrated with the District Plans/Master Plans as the case may be.
I also welcome the inauguration of the Centre of Excellence for Tourism Training in Udaipur, in cooperation with the State Government of Rajasthan.
They started people’s movement against evil traditions of the society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today delivered the inaugural address at the 106th session of the Indian Science Congress.
The evolution of Technology has to be rooted in the ethic of Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
Expectations make the path difficult.
The contract between JSC «Russian Railways» and the Ministry of Railways of the Republic of India on the preparation of the justification for the implementation of the high-speed service at the Nagpur-Secunderabad section
I expect that all of us citizens should contribute as much as we can in the cleanliness mission.
He quoted Swami Vivekananda to invoke the importance of self-confidence, to deal with examination stress and anxiety.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the world’s tallest statue, the ‘Statue of Unity’, to the nation.
And we should never underestimate its value.
I request those who have not been to their villages for a long time to now visit their village and see.
Apart from the events for the World Economic Forum, I look forward to my separate bilateral meetings with the President of the Swiss Confederation H. E. Mr. Alain_Berset and Prime Minister of Sweden H. E. Mr. Stefan Lofven.
The campaigns like Digital India and Skill India are designed to prepare the people to take part in this process.
Assured all possible help from the Centre.
South Africa is an important strategic partner, with whom our ties are historical and deep-rooted.
He also laid the foundation stone for sports projects.
In the last few days you must have seen how rating agencies have appreciated our moves on ease of doing business.
The Prime Minister narrated his experience of reconstruction following the Gujarat earthquake of 2001.
But, you are proud Afghans who can come together as one nation and one people.
“Shri Anil Madhav Dave was born on 6th July 1956 at Barnagar, Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh.
The people who spin charkha, the people who are associated with handloom are also earning their livelihood.
Today, I am not asking you all to put your lives at stake.
One of the best things one learns on the sports field is equanimity – to face victory and defeat – as a part of life.
He asked them to identify concrete goals to be achieved by 2022 – the seventy-fifth anniversary of independence.
He said that citizens should remain aware of their civic duties at all times.
The Agreement provides for constitution of a Joint working Group comprising of representatives from both countries, the task of which would be to prepare plans of cooperation, provide solutions to the problems arising during the implementation of this Agreement and to monitor the implementation of tasks determined by the Parties.
Areas that would not just propel and modernize our economies, but, also create jobs for our skilled youth.
But after 50 days woes of honest persons will start receding and trouble time for corrupt ones will start uprising.
This campaign was owned by Versova Residence volunteer or VRV.
The remaining files too shall be placed in public domain after their conservation treatment and digitisation.
20. In order to promote trade, the Sides agreed to mutually share on best endeavour basis the mandatory inspections/regulations requirement to be fulfilled at the time of exporting/importing of any product so that any delay related to such inspection could be reduced.
PM Narendra Modi will be greeted with twin cultural programs, Abhinandan and Abhivyakti on 24th December.
We must develop better scientific tools to improve city planning with sensitivity to local ecology and heritage; and, reduce the demand for transportation, improve mobility and reduce congestion.
Investing in our youth and cooperating in their skill development and relationships is a shared priority.
The State has disbursed Rs. 376 crore to 12 lakh farmers under SDRF, through DBT.
Talking about trends he said there are many films now which depict both the problem and the solution which is a positive sign as compared to earlier years when only the helplessness was displayed.
Initiating joint projects in areas such as good agricultural practices, development of traceability capacities, and cooperation in laboratory activities, including testing and monitoring. c.
Partaking of LANGAR together created a feeling of unity & oneness in people.
Look, if you hand out doles, people will sing paeans for you.
In hating Modi, the Opposition has begun to hate the nation.
This programme will be incomplete without your participation!
Excellency Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong
• Third is our cooperation in auto-mobiles:
The Prime Minister recalled the recent ASEAN India Commemorative Summit celebrating 25 years of partnership between ASEAN and India.
Managerial improvements have resulted in elimination of the power shortage, a record high in highway construction per day and record port through-put.
Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Sunil Lanba, was present on the occasion.
He ensured the welfare of every section of society.
The Prime Minister offered words of encouragement to each of them.
India has won gold medals in various tournaments and has been the World Champion once.
The remaining about 9.35 lakh employees belong to the unionized workmen category.
He said that those having self-confidence and self-belief will not easily fall prey to drugs use.
He sad today the whole world had recognised this effort of the farmers of Sikkim.
However, the Government, in special cases, after due consideration, have renamed the Ports after great leaders in the past.
Recalling their stake in promoting multiculturalism, the two leaders reaffirmed their commitment to democracy, pluralism and development.
The Cabinet further gave its approval for operationalisation of these IITs initially by forming of Societies under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 in order to give a legal status to them till the amendment for their incorporation in The Institutes of Technology Act, 1961 is enacted.
The concept of cleanliness is being echoed in every household.
He laid the Foundation Stones of several infrastructure and development projects, including an integrated transport hub, regional water supply schemes, housing projects, and a flyover.
They are diligently and bravely guarding our coasts”, the Prime Minister said.
Odisha Government wants to widen the State Government road near Bhubaneswar Airport (known as Ekamara Marg/Palashpalli Road) for streamlining the security arrangements of the VIP movements and creating buffer zone for public use.
Upgrades exceed downgrades by a huge margin.
We should take only as much as we can eat.
The mandate of Korea Plus is to promote, facilitate and retain Korean investments in India.
• 100% FDI under automatic route in Construction Development
Secretaries will now interact among each other, in sub-groups over the next two weeks, after which they will present their ideas and suggestions to the Prime Minister.
1. At the invitation of Prime Minister Shri NarendraModi, the President of the French Republic, Mr. Emmanuel Macron paid a State Visit to India from 10 to 12 March 2018.
It is creating 100 capacity building institutions, and developing infrastructure, public transport, clean energy, irrigation, agriculture and manufacturing capacity across Africa.
Mr. Ganesh V. Savleshwarkar has written to me from Pune that this season is a tourist season.
State Governments have been told to inform urgently whenever they need any assistance.
We led from the front in the global fight against Apartheid.
The beautiful landscapes of Cyprus and the wide horizons of ‘Incredible India’ can be a source of tourism promotion in both our countries.
He also interacted with young students at the school, and exhorted them towards the cause of Swachhata.
Therefore, no additional funds would be required.
And, among them, we see South Korea is truly natural partner.
Due to the efforts of security forces and endeavours made by State Governments, and also due to the implementation of Central and State Government developmental schemes and the people’s participation, Tripura and Meghalaya have been liberated from the Armed Forces Special Power Act.
However, the overall coordination, quality control, design issues, monitoring, clearances related issues etc. are to be dealt by the Polavaram Project Authority of Ministry of Water Resources, River Development & Ganga Rejuvenation.
He summed it up by saying, “Arunachal Pradesh is India’s pride.
There must be innumerable incidents.
• Explore the finalization of a bilateral agreement on exchange and mutual protection of classified information for cooperation in the defence area.
d) Insolvency
Subsequently, IIITDM Kurnool will be declared as an institute of National Importance with the power to award degrees to students
The Government of India provides financial assistance to SICI for maintenance of its Delhi office and for the promotion of Indian Studies in Canada.
The waters of the River Narmada will help citizens and transform lives, he added.
The expedition has been titled Navika Sagar Parikrama.
• Advanced Centre of Agricultural Research and Education; as well as
He added that several announcement were made in the Budget to this effect.
In order to do so, it must adapt fast to these rapid changes, through framing of appropriate policies.
The objective is to ensure that a fair trial is conducted keeping in view the interests of the complainant by clarifying the territorial jurisdiction for trying the cases for dishonour of cheques.
The MoU will help deepen bilateral ties, mutual understanding and trust, eventually strengthening both sides in their capacity building efforts towards food safety.
Gradually, people are shedding their hard currency mindset and moving towards digital currency.
India and Korea are major economies in the region.
Over the past three years, ‘Pradhanmantri Mudra Yojana’ has led to millions and millions of youth becoming self-dependent.
This is a success for science which was very difficult to achieve.
The Summit theme, “Towards a Peaceful, Prosperous and Sustainable Bay of Bengal Region” will enable us to shape a collective response to our common aspirations and challenges.
The Committee in its report made wide ranging recommendations for the short-term (where action can be taken relatively quickly to deliver almost immediate payoffs), medium-term (that can be addressed within a 5-7 years time frame) and long-term, which are likely to have long gestation period, but will lead to a profound transformation in the entrepreneurial fabric of the country.
He said that in 2019, we will mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, who, he recalled, had stated that cleanliness is even more important than political freedom.
The success of recent events like the Business & Investment Meet and Expo, the ASEAN India Business Council Meeting, the Biznet Conference, the Start-up Festival and Hackathon and an ICT Expo have shown encouraging results.
This new declaration will enable IGSTC to further enhance, strengthen and improve research and technology cooperation of industrial relevance through cooperation between laboratories, academia and industry of both the countries.
On this Cho said “Aiyya, why throw raw eggs at me when you can make me an omelette.”
Cleanliness is also one such drive.
This is the sector that will absorb everything from those with doctors to engineers to drivers to mechanics.
How I wish to inspire every strand of darkness
He also touched upon other welfare schemes for the benefit of farmers.
He recalled the contributions of Sardar Patel, including the creation of the All India Civil Services.
In continuance with his vision, smart city mission and urban missionwere kick-started in the country so that all kinds of amenities whether good roads, water supply, health facilities, Education or digital connectivity are available in the big cities and small towns of the country.Baba Saheb had strong faith in self-reliance.
He announced that a road in Delhi has been renamed after Ambassador Alexander Kadakin, whom he described as a friend of India, who passed away recently.
My dear brothers and sisters, this is a fact that the tribal community believes in very peaceful and harmonious co-existence but, if somebody tries to harm and cause damage to their natural resources, they do not shy away from fighting for their rights.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya Institute of Archaeology.
M/s Teletech is one of the companies who have signed Master service agreement with M/s Mastec and M/s Ericsson for execution of network roll out works in Austin (Texas) and San Jose (California).
With an event of such scale & magnitude, which saw the participation of thousands of sportspersons from myriad corners of the world, can you imagine the mood that must have pervaded the atmosphere there?
We will enlarge the ASEAN-India Science and Technology Development Fund from the current one million U.S. dollars to 5 million U.S. dollars.
He unveiled a unique Bhagwad Gita, prepared by ISKCON devotees.
A steady march towards our economic goals is indeed a priority.
Can we control Diabetes through Yoga?
(iii). Encouraging Cooperation between tourism stakeholders including hotels and tour operators.
India and Japan will conduct the first Counter Terrorism exercise between the JGSDF and the Indian Army in November 2018.
3. Net increase of 370 posts of DIG/Commandant/2 1C (JAG level).
He encouraged the athletes to perform to the best of their ability in the world’s biggest sporting arena.
I thank Chief Minister Smt Vasudhara Raje for her generous support.
It will also include any other subject that is relevant to the common DGAC and DGCA areas of interest.
The Russian Side offered its expertise in tax collection based on satellite navigation technologies for the realization of joint projects in India including in the framework of above mentioned industrial corridors.
We have to take this forward as an opportunity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, met a delegation of leaders of the Opposition Parties from the State of J&K comprising of Shri Omar Abdullah of J&K National Conference; Shri Ghulam Ahmed Mir, INC; Shri Hakeem Mohammad of People’s Democratic Front; Shri M.Y. Tarigami, CPM; Shri Ghulam Hassan Mir of Democratic Party Nationalist; and others, to discuss the prevailing situation in the State of Jammu & Kashmir.
We are working with a number of countries, financial markets and funds on these financial instruments.
Even more, digital payments are a gateway to a world of possibilities.
•Successful models of agricultural marketing,
He went on to say, and I quote,
lmplementation Strategy and Targets:
Senior officials from the Government of India, and the State of Telangana, were also present.
The Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act, 2014 mandates that TPC shall establish a 4000 MW power facility in the Successor State Telengana, as mentioned in the Thirteenth Schedule of the Act.
We have successfully decontrolled cooking gas prices.
He also said that not politics, but right education at the right time, is the key to nation-building.
The engineering industry in Rajkot is capable of producing these tools for farmers, they should demonstrate this skill and they should emerge as a trend setter not only for Gujarat and India but also for the developed countries of the world.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon.
Therefore, the amount of the cess collected is deemed to have been fully allocated for the schemes of Secondary and Higher Education in the respective financial years.
Making a strong statement on cow vigilantism, the Prime Minister said, “We are a land of non violence.
He thanked the delegates from across the world, and said that their participation has also been an important part of the success of the Kumbh.
The Agreement after having come into force will promote Mutual Legal Assistance between the Contracting Parties in Civil and Commercial Matters.
Addressing the assembled workers, he said that his first engagement after arriving in Doha was to meet them.
This will be a big help to them.
I believe that our development cooperation with Sri Lanka is an important means for translating our vision of shared progress into reality.
It is further provided that the information received from Israel in respect of a resident of India can be shared with other law enforcement agencies with authorisation of the Competent Authority of Israel and vice versa.
I am privileged to inaugurate CSIR’s Platinum Jubilee Function on the occasion of its Seventy-Fifth Foundation Day.
Accordingly, introduction of the VVPAT was facilitated by amending the Conduct of Election Rules, 1961 vide Notification dated 14th August, 2013.
He urged the Prime Minister to take personal initiative to restore peace in Jammu and Kashmir.
Chapter XVIII of the CGST Act provides for the Appeal and Review Mechanism for dispute resolution under the GST Regime.
You are aware that results of Government entrance examinations for engineering and medical colleges are being used by private colleges also.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for continuation of the scheme on Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA) for another three financial years (FYs 2017-18 to 2019-20) and providing Grants-in-aid of Rs.18 crore to the Institute.
Today I will be speaking not just of policy but vision.
For the snow feeds the rivers that sustain life and agriculture.
Prime Minister Modi lauded the strong leadership provided by Chancellor Merkel to Germany, and the pivotal role played by Germany in European affairs during her leadership tenure.
The vitality of people-to-people contacts amongst the BRICS countries has been a point of emphasis for us.
He said the people of Kutch are well aware of the importance of water.
From self to the community
It is changing from:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of the renowned Sufi singer, Shri Pyarelal Wadali.
MOC between FSSAI and the Japanese Government
These communitiesare a living testimony to age old links that have connected our people, their ideas and traditions, and culture and commerce.
It will provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth; satellite communication; satellite navigation; space science and exploration of outer space.
As our economy and our lives get more wired, we are also giving the highest importance to data privacy and security, intellectual property rights and cyber security.
• lack of appropriate policy responses to emerging situations,
Equally, the Government is unsparing when it comes to punishing the corrupt.
When the mortal remains of Martyr Vijay Soren, draped in the tricolor reached Gumla, Jharkhand, his innocent son iterated that he too would join the armed forces.
I believe that the Qingdao Summit will further enrich the SCO agenda, while heralding a new beginning for India’s engagement with the SCO.
My only family is 130 crore Indians.
India’s relations with Việt Nam are marked by growing economic and commercial engagement.
The world needs cooperation and not competition in the eastern shores of Africa and the eastern Indian Ocean.
Speaking on this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering on the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Divas.
I am told that our science departments are now working on a multipronged approach.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has appealed to the citizens to take the pledge for a New India and express commitment.
Our target was to complete 99 irrigation projects of the country that were stuck midway for years by 2019.
India is the world’s second largest exporter of textiles, commanding a global share of around five percent.
I urge BPCL Kochi Refinery to keep up this spirit of hard work, social commitment and innovation as it moves towards its next phase of development.
ii. Benchmarks for practice in Ayurveda;
Excellency, both our countries suffered under the colonial rule.
It would also lead to greater efficiency in logistics and freight.
And all of us know that Thuglak magazine was not a mere political commentary.
Professor Hawking’s pioneering work made our world a better place.
On the way back, we stopped to buy vegetables, and again she haggled with the vendors to save 4-5 rupees.
(iii). Strengthening of collaboration in the IT&E sector in the areas of e-education, e-Governance, m-Governance, e-health, telemedicine etc.;
10% reservation bill for general category poor is a historic step and a reflection of Government’s commitment for the poor, says PM
Prime Minister Modi will host a lunch in honour of the French President.
The Leaders emphasized the importance of early conclusion of an agreement on cooperation in higher education sector and directed the officials to take necessary steps in this regard.
VPBY-2014 was open from 14th August, 2014 to 14th August, 2015.
However, he said that what is often missed is that previous occupants overstay beyond the designated time.
We all know that peace, unity and harmony are the only way to solve our problems and also the way to our progress and development.
Her presence today will motivate our team to do even better in the coming days and months.
They also agreed that both sides have the maturity and wisdom to handle the differences through peaceful discussion within the context of the overall relationship, bearing in mind the importance of respecting each other’s sensitivities, concerns and aspirations.
We need to delink terror and religion and work together to counter radicalization.
The MoU provides for constitution of Joint Working Group composed of equal number of representatives.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that farmers get modern seeds, adequate power supply, and easy market access.
This was our first conversation through the newly established hotline.
This would cost the Railways a sum of Rs. 1679400/- per annum.
All sections of the society; the villages, the farmers, the labourers, the teachers, the students joined this movement with the slogan ‘Do or die’.
H. Science & Technology
Implementation:
He will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of an LPG bottling plant of Indian Oil Corporation at Maneri, Mandla District.
And I have been told that almost half the beneficiaries are women, the mothers and the daughters.
As you can see,this has now become a truly global event.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to road accident in Satna, Madhya Pradesh.
We are trying to power this potential through our campaigns like Digital India and Skill India.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi inaugurated the New Building of National Museum of Indian Cinema in Mumbai today.
The leaders of the 5 BRICS countries held an informal meeting on the sidelines of G20 Summit in Hamburg, Germany.
Addressing a public rally in Solapur, Maharashtra today, he said that the passage of the bill by Lok sabha is a strong answer to those who were spreading falsehood in this regard and expressed hope that the bill will be passed by Rajya Sabha.
A Committee comprising of Secretary Department of Financial Services, Secretary Ministry of Electronics & I.T. and the CEO, National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI) will look into the industry cost structure of such transactions which will form the basis to determine the levels of reimbursement.
The Prime Minister said every Indian loves Kashmir, and wishes to visit Kashmir.
“I will visit Germany on 29-30 May 2017 on the invitation of German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the Fourth India-Germany Intergovernmental Consultations (IGC).
(b) Chit Funds (Amendment) Bill, 2018
Now, the total funds available to NEC are proposed to be bifurcated in two components (State component – 60% and Central component – 40%).
When we talk of navy, who can ignore Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj and the capabilities & might of his navy.
I am pleased to see it being realized in such a short time.
Seventy five years may be a considerable amount of time in a human life-span.
We cannot say what will replace them in an uncertain future.
He said the modernized and expanded plant would be instrumental in building a strong foundation for New India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister appreciated the efforts made by the workers for the project, and said “your hard work has brought me here.”
Biodiversity and Taxonomy
Our festivals, impart to us many social values.
We must address the barriers of excessive banking secrecy, and complex legal and regulatory frameworks.
If any bilateral Swap Arrangement is signed, then, in the event of a draw down by either party/parties, the foreign exchange reserves with RBI would be temporarily depleted upto a maximum amount of 2 billion USD.
I am here in the Indian Pavilion to say something else.
Through PRAGATI, we are accelerating projects and overcoming this problem.
Prime Minister Modi received the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina, at Santiniketan.
Mr. John Chipman,
• Health benefits: Prolonged reuse of Cooking Oil for preparing food, particularly in deep-frying is a potential health hazard and can lead to many diseases.
My dear countrymen, on the day of Ganesh Chaturthi, I had the privilege of spending 2-3 hours with the jawans of the armed forces.
In those times, it brought them political awareness and information.
Prime Minister Cameron welcomed Prime Minister Modi’s ‘Make in India’ initiative.
The proposed structure is to be implemented through the subordinate legislation route by issue of an Order invoking the provisions under Section 3 of Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 (29 of 1986) relating to creation of authorities to achieve its objectives.
He said neem-coating of urea was preventing diversion of urea meant for agriculture.
(b) holding of office by the Chairperson and Members of the Public Enterprises Selection Board (PESB) for a period of 3 years from assumption of charge or until attaining the age of 65 years or until further orders whichever is earlier;
He said 22,000 GrameenHaats would be upgraded with appropriate infrastructure, and integrated with the e-NAM platform.
“Congratulations Bajrang Punia for the memorable victory in the 65 kg freestyle wrestling.
Can anyone imagine?
We also highlighted the importance of unity in the fight against terrorist organisations in Syria in full observance of the relevant UNSC Resolutions.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
I want that you not only extend your cooperation in making this campaign successful but also lead the process of transformation and I have full confidence that you can be the leader for this change.
He gave examples to illustrate how, today, those involved in criminal activities are being apprehended and brought to justice.
(v). Investment in the tourism and hospitality sectors.
Decline in the Total Fertility Rate (TFR) to 2.3% in 2016, from 2.3% in 2011.
Expressing concern at the situation in Kashmir valley, members of the delegation said that only Prime Minister Narendra Modi can resolve the issue.
He said that successive State Governments in Gujarat had placed emphasis on water conservation.
If Swaraj was achieved by the Satyagrahis, Shrestha Bharat would be achieved by the Swachhagrahis, the Prime Minister said.
On the economic side, I will join with leading Indian and Israeli CEOs and start-ups to discuss our shared priority of expanding business and investment collaboration on the ground.
The Prime Minister asked the people to resolve to make whatever contribution they can for the nation over the next five years, in the run-up to the seventy-fifth anniversary of Independence.
Eastern India will gain the most from this, he added.
This track is an important landmark in the development of Usha School and will provide modern facilities to the trainees.
The formalisation of businesses of MSMEs due to introduction of GST, will help MSMEs to access credit from financial sector.
· The thrust of the Institute is to become a prestigious Institute in the field of Corporate Laws while enhancing its resources and revenues.
Even when I was the Chief Minister of the state of Gujarat, I traveled to Korea.
The “Plan of Action for Energy Cooperation in BIMSTEC” was formulated in the first BIMSTEC Energy Ministers’ Conference held in New Delhi on October 4, 2005.
Inclusion of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Wancho – Existing entry is of ‘Any Naga Tribes’.
Insurance claims of Rs. 53 crore were also settled through DBT.
It envisages a mechanism for marketing of Minor Forest Produce through Minimum Support Price and development of value chain for MFP.
This has been possible because of the major economic changes that we have introduced.
• We have also decided to defer the implementation of the General Anti-Avoidance Rules for two years;
It is due to greats like her that India won freedom.
It is a testimony to the working of India’s federal democracy.
She wrote that the PMO had ordered two thermoses, and she was paid Rupees 1600/-.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mr. Donald Trump on his assumption of office as President of the United States of America.
Initiating the discussion, the Prime Minister said he is holding separate meetings with Chief Ministers of the drought-affected States, to assess the specific requirements of each, and to focus attention on both immediate and long term measures.
In his next book, Okakura began by saying “Brothers and sisters of Asia”, echoing Swami Vivekananda’s speech at Parliament of Religions.
He said there is a strong need for proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand the range of our talent, and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
1.60 lakh, through Kisan Credit Cards.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
There was a time when Netaji used to wear it.
It gives priority to the problems that have endured through the past decades.
Climate change is an existential threat to the Pacific Islands.
Lord Buddha has shown the world- that the power of inner strength or that of the soul is necessary for peace.
He directed that steps be taken urgently to resolve the problem, and also to ensure that the problems in voice connectivity do not extend to data connectivity in the future.
PM urged the people of Daman to continue giving topmost importance to cleanliness as the opportunities in tourism increase when there is cleanliness.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of former Union Minister, Shri Priya Ranjan Dasmunsi.
After supersession of the Planning Commission and its replacement by the NITI Aayog, only three part time Members were left with the Telecom commission.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the protocol amending the Agreement between India and Kyrgyz Republic for the avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
For example, when we entrusted the community the task of reconstructing a school, the earthquake-resistant building was completed in time, at a lesser cost, and the savings were returned to Government.
This is a huge opportunity for Japanese businesses.
The nearest airport is Delhi at about 45 km from Greater Noida.
Central government has released over Rs. 900 crore rupees for these cities; nearly one thousand crore rupees.
This calls for factoring in the value of the ecosystem in the economic arithmetic of development and growth.
The MoU will facilitate South-South cooperation mechanisms around Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana – National Rural Livelihoods Mission (DAY-NRLM)’s experience through exchange visits and dialogues, and establishment of a good-practice Learning Centre.
They gave an overview of the vast growth potential of the media and entertainment industry in India, and said that this sector is poised to contribute in a significant way towards this goal.
The Prime Minister said that a lot has been achieved since independence, but several challenges have arisen as well.
He said that if we can imbibe the breadth of Indian culture, from the Upanishad to the Upagrah (satellite), we would have installed Vivekananda within us.
The love and friendship of the Malaya-Indians has always had a special place in my heart.
The two sides stressed the importance of the early signing of an ASEAN-India Maritime Transport Cooperation Agreement.
b)Collaboration in training programmes, exchange of experts, technical exchanges and outreach activities;
The Memorandum of Understanding will help in strengthening bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
Affordable Healthcare,
We also agreed that those who nurture, shelter, support and sponsor such forces of violence and terror are as much a threat to us as the terrorists themselves.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed among the BRICS Nations on Environmental Cooperation.
He said that the last two decades have seen several positive changes in Gujarat’s development journey.
At Paris, President Hollande, President Obama and I joined a number of global leaders for an Innovation Summit.
The development of financial services and products in IFSCs would require focussed and dedicated regulatory interventions.
This can happen only if businesses make long-term investments that create jobs and sustain economic growth.
I was delighted when GE became one of the first companies to make a major investment in the newly liberalized railway sector.
Our S&T collaboration continues to helps us in cracking the age-old problems in the fields of public health, education, food, and agriculture.
We have never undervalued our exchange rate.
The same applies here.
For stimulating trade and investment between India and Japan and strengthening cooperation in projects in third countries.
Their sacrifice, their determination to preserve their cultural roots, and will to succeed against all odds not only shaped the generations of South African Indians.
Calling elections as the celebrations of democracy the Prime Minister has also urged every eligible voters to exercise their franchise and called upon the youth to register as voters when they turn 18.
I feel all these athletes have brought laurels to the country with their stellar performances; the fact is, their performances are not mere displays… they are sources of encouragement for upcoming Sportspersons and the young generation of the country alike.
Now we are moving towards a Competitive Co-operative Federalism.
The Kartarpur corridor will be implemented as an integrated development project with Government of India funding, to provide smooth and easy passage, with all the modern amenities.
As per the status reported by the states and Central Water Commission during various review meeting, 18 projects have been completed/almost completed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed an event in Lucknow on “Transforming Urban Landscape,” which marked the third anniversary of three key Government initiatives related to Urban Development.
And they have requested that I talk about eco-friendly Ganesha idols, well in time for people to plan for clay Ganesha idols during the festival of Ganesh Chaturthi.
The National Policy of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, 2015 launched by the Prime Minister focuses on apprenticeship as one of the key components for creating skilled manpower in India.
Overall, there is increased confidence within and outside the country.
Under India’s Chairmanship, we have placed emphasis on digital- technology, smart-cities, urbanization, and cooperation between our cities.
“On Kargil Vijay Diwas I bow to every valiant soldier who fought for India till the very last breath.
They were briefed on various achievements of the Centre.
Today, the same eastern coast is facing a complex set of strategic and security challenges.
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities.
The amount so far credited in Government account is Rs. 4,769 crore.
At Ghaziabad
The masses had sacrificed their lives for the country’s freedom; and the exploitation had crossed all limits.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an interactive session with economists and other experts, organized by NITI Aayog, on the theme “Economic Policy – The Road Ahead.”
“In sandy soil, when deep you delve, you reach the springs below; The more you learn, the freer streams of wisdom flow.”
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives in the attack in Paris.
India has been identified as one of the top reformers.
Information may be disclosed to any other person or entity or authority or jurisdiction with the prior written consent of the information sending country.
There is a need for comprehensive mineral exploration of the country to uncover its full mineral potential so as to put the nation’s mineral resources (non-fuel and non-coal) to best use and thereby maximize sectoral contribution to the Indian economy.
I look forward to paying homage at the Sri Dalada Maligawa, the Temple of the Sacred Tooth Relic, in Kandy today afternoon.
The MoU will strengthen the existing relationship between RCSC and UPSC.
Countless efforts of several types have to be made to wipe out the corruption in such a vast country, and that can be done.
And, it is reflected in your success and prosperity.
This liberalization has seen India’s FDI reach 60 billion dollars in the last financial year.
Turning to the health sector, the Prime Minister said the Government is focusing on four pillars in this sector:
Can you make a pledge that wherever we go for purchasing things, wherever there is an exchange of money, then we will not do it in cash, all of us have become mobile users.
• IPPB services shall be available at 650 IPPB branches and 3250 Access Points from 1st September 2018 and in all 1.55 lakh post offices (Access Points) by December 2018.
Thanks to Jan Dhan Yojana and the RuPay debit card, we have also introduced healthy competition in the debit-credit card space.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Uttarakhand today.
You should participate in this initiative and especially I urge you to make you children witness these campaigns.
And, last November in Paris, the world came together to craft a historic agreement to change the course of our planet.
We are facilitating business.
In Karnataka, especially in far-off, remote places, thousands of women availed of her services.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has accorded its approval today for creation of a non-lapsable pool in the Public Account for secondary and higher, education known as “Madhyamik and Uchchtar Shiksha Kosh” (MUSK) into which all proceeds of “Secondary and Higher Education Cess” will be credited.
(ii) Accruals from the Cess would be utilized in the ongoing schemes of Secondary and Higher Education.
1. Data storage, exchange, analysis and dissemination through National Water Informatics Centre.
The Prime Minister mentioned that the Union Budget presentation is being advanced by about a month to ensure speedier implementation of projects and schemes.
It adds to a huge national saving.
Prime Minister Abe and I have spoken of our determination to intensify our cooperation further.
The MoU shall facilitate and enhance the cooperation between the two countries in combating illicit trafficking of narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and its precursors as defined by the United Nations International Drug Control Conventions.
Usually, people shy away from borrowing from others.
But we are all eager to listen to him.
In his address, Mr. Modi had said that Indian diaspora represents the best of Indian culture, ethos and values and are respected for their contributions.
The MoU will provide a platform to Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector to promote safety, efficiency and sustainability.
24. The two leaders underlined the crucial role of the rules-based multilateral trading system and shared the urgent necessity to reform the WTO leading to the reinforced functioning of the WTO and to free, fair, and open trade, for achieving sustainable growth and development.
He said the promise of toilets in all schools had been almost fulfilled, with the cooperation of States.
(e) Any other areas as may be mutually decided upon to promote cooperation as envisaged under this MOC.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi released the Platinum Jubilee Milestone book on Tata Memorial Centre, at his residence in New Delhi today.
I wish to list some more global recognitions which indicate this:
They agreed to continue working towards strong, sustainable and balanced growth, and agreed on the importance of structural reforms and pursuing credible fiscal policies in order to raise living standards.
My heartfelt greetings to all those associated with the institution on this occasion.
The two leaders welcomed the joint exercise between each of the three services and the commencement of negotiations on the Acquisition and Cross-Servicing Agreement (ACSA), which will enhance the strategic depth of bilateral security and defence cooperation.
Once the Bill is enacted by the Parliament, the National Surrogacy Board will be constituted.
We must also address the rising challenges of rapid urbanisation.
PM launches UDAN, Regional Connectivity Scheme for Civil Aviation, from Shimla
My dear friends, I have already said that your patriotism is no less than mine.
o A state should not conduct or knowingly support activity intended to prevent national CSIRTs from responding to cyber incidents.
That is the vision that will always guide India, as we seek to cooperate for an architecture for peace and security in this region.
It is my firm belief that the solution to all problems lies in dialogue.
India and the United Kingdom share a modern partnership bound by strong historical ties.
I am proud that India’s first woman Defence Minister Nirmala Ji is from Tamil Nadu.
“I see no reason to strangle history,” he said, adding that those who forget history, also lose the power to create it.
At the Millennium Summit held in 2000 at the UN Headquarters in New York, eight development goals known as the ‘Millennium Development Goals’ (MDGs) were adopted, which formed the blueprint for countries to pursue their national development strategies from 2000 to 2015.
Third, affordable, reliable, and sustainable access to energy is crucial for the development of our nations.
You celebrate Indian festivals as your own.
The Action Plans to be prepared and implemented by the Ministries/Departments concerned shall develop a vision for each of these identified Champion Sectors in the year 2022 and enumerate steps that need to be taken to achieve that vision.
Prime Minister Modi congratulated President Widodo on Indonesia’s able leadership as Chair of the IORA and the convening of the First IORA Summit next year.
Our trade synergies with Europe and South East Asia through the Spice Route are well known.
The visit to the beautiful heritage city of Vientiane reminds me of deep historical and cultural links that the city shares with India.
Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji believed in the power of equality.
The credit for this goes to the Israeli entrepreneurs.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said that coming back to one’s home town and receiving such a warm welcome is special.
“I will be visiting Israel on 4-6 July, 2017 upon invitation of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
2.1 Expediting implementation:
It is anchored in the belief that our people are pivotal partners in our effort to craft responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
We have done this with the intention of giving them a free hand.
The Prime Minister touched upon the issues of tackling malnutrition, and vaccinations for children through Mission Indradhanush.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Vrindavan in Uttar Pradesh tomorrow on 11 February 2019.
Participation of foreign investors in the sector will contribute to furthering financial inclusion.
Total Government of India share over a period of three years would be Rs. 2849.54 crore.
2. Net increase of 19 posts of Inspector General (SAG level).
(i). Transfer of 14.86 hectares of land from Farakka Barrage Project (FBP), Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation (MoWR, RD & GR) to Ministry of Shipping for construction of the new navigational lock at Farakka.
The MoU was signed on 30.10.2017 in New Delhi.
· Better purchasing power;
Creating opportunities for cities and towns to grow is very crucial.
The Prime Minister asserted that the Union Government has the courage and the ability to deliver transformational change for bettering the lives of the people.
Saddened by his demise.
He spoke of the partnership between India and US, forged on the shared values of democracy and innovation.
• During 2016-17, Kayakalp initiative extended to Sub District Hospitals (SDHs) /CHCs and PHCs in addition to DHs
A pipeline has been created for the implementation of PMJDY through which JanDhan accounts and mobile banking have been linked to Aadhaar (JAM).
• Establish a mechanism to provide flexibility to the states and the community to promote local initiatives.
We have stood with each other in the international arena on a range of issues.
Don’t let this opportunity go past you.
Passenger Service for a section of Chennai Metro from AG-DMS Metro station to Washermenpet Metro Station will be inaugurated by PM.
The President, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, the Vice President, Shri Venkaiah Naidu, and the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today offered floral tributes at the statue of Sardar Patel, at Patel Chowk in New Delhi, on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering.
Memorandum of cooperation between ALROSA Joint Stock Company (Public Joint Stock Company) and the Council for the Promotion of the Export of Precious Stones and Jewellery of India
In fact the provincial governments have now entered into a healthy competition among themselves to ensure that a transparent, predictable and user friendly regulatory mechanism is quickly put in place.
We are on a take off stage.
As on date, more than 2,500 mentors are actively mentoring students in over 1,300 ATL schools.
He praised the work of officers who worked as a team and put in a dedicated effort in those days.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness and strongly condemned the attack in Kokrajhar, Assam.
“Protecting the Motherland, far from your loved ones, displaying the highest traditions of sacrifice, all soldiers at the nation’s borders, are symbols of bravery and dedication.
(ii) The weighted average of SUC rates across all spectrum assigned to an operator (whether assigned administratively or through auction or through trading) in all access spectrum bands including BWA spectrum obtained in 2010 auction shall be applied for charging SUC subject to a minimum of 3% of AGR excluding revenues from wire-line services.
The Prime Minister will interact with officials in-charge of transformation of over 100 districts.
We have a feeling of fulfilling our duties and this inspires us to work even harder because you people continue to bless us.
The Prime Minister has been in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the flood situation.
You are the pride of this land; and represent Africa’s tomorrow.
We in India rejoice in every African success, because of our deep bonds of friendships.
The Prime Minister said these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country, and the Union Government is a taking a number of steps to address them.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
It is rather about what one can give up, what one can get rid of.
Today Cabinet Chaired by Hon’ble Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the bill.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the team of Sawarn Singh, Dattu Baban Bhokanal, Om Prakash and Sukhmeet Singh on winning Gold in Rowing Men’s Quadruple Sculls event at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta – Palembang, Indonesia.
I believe that today’s new generation is capable of eliminating these social evils.
There are abundant business and investment opportunities in pharmaceuticals, oil & gas, heavy machinery and equipment.
f)Cooperation to understand how Traditional Knowledge is protected; and the exchange of best practices, including traditional knowledge related databases and awareness raising of existing IP systems;
Power for all – every village and every household should have electricity.
Just two days back, I have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the Yoga Day.
He was addressing the NCC rally in New Delhi.
The project aims to provide irrigation to 111,521 hectares of land annually in the most backward and drought prone areas of Palamu & Garhwa districts in Jharkhand and Aurangabad & Gaya districts in Bihar.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the medal winners of the recently concluded 18th Asian Games, at his residence, today.
In a way, technology is becoming an inseparable part of our lives.
There are five corridors, two on Western Railway, two on Central Railway and one on Harbour Line of Central Railway.
You just do one thing, take a resolve today itself that you will yourself become a part of the ‘cashless society’.
This is more than a building, it is a vibrant centre that will further the aspirations of Arunachal Pradesh, he said.
Creating a Harmonious World: by promoting ideologies, practices, and heritage that are centered on peaceful coexistence and living in harmony with nature.
Our MPs must be congratulated for their path breaking decision to give India an indirect tax system for the 21st century.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of agriculture will be mutually beneficial to both the countries.
He also added that “Now we have more than 400 passport offices compared to only 80 in 2014.”
He spoke of the fast pace of road construction, railway line construction, new metro systems, high speed rail project, and dedicated freight corridors.
People wanted honesty, not dynasty.
We are initiating a scheme for senior citizens.
Members of the delegation congratulated the Prime Minister on his recent successful visit to Saudi Arabia.
It is a tribute to his motto of “Hapa kazi tu”, meaning-here work only.
He added that efforts are being taken to make Medical College functional this year itself.
Permission is also granted to DIPP to lease/sub-lease the land and grant concession to the private entities for development and operation of various facilities.
The Yatra is aimed at invoking the patriotic fervor among the people from all walks of life holding aloft the Tricolour.
At every step, we have shared our experience and resources across a range of sectors: from strengthening democratic institutions to deploying high-tech solutions for public good.
The Prime Minister mentioned the recent FDI in the railway sector, for two locomotive manufacturing units to be built in Bihar.
I am also happy to announce a Line of Credit of US dollars 500 million to support Bangladesh’s defence related procurement.
• supporting cultivation of medicinal plants by adopting Good Agricultural Practices (GAPs) to provide sustained supply of quality raw-materials and development of infrastructure for medicinal plants storage and marketing.
So has Israel.
India will celebrate the seventy fifth anniversary of its Independence in 2022.
Railways can now contribute in a much better way in meeting the transport needs of the country.
3rd Meeting of the BRICS Urbanization Forum (14-16 September 2016, Visakhapatnam) 76.
Meghalaya has a large number of football clubs and associations.
He said today India is not just the fastest growing economy in the world, but also the country that is eradicating poverty the fastest.
To commemorate Mahatma Gandhi’s vision, the Mahatma Gandhi International Sanitation Convention (MGISC) was held in New Delhi from 29 September to 2 October, 2018.
The purpose of this Agreement is to establish a training centre towards development of capacity for the countries on the Indian Ocean Rim (IOR), African countries bordering the Indian and Atlantic Oceans, small island countries under the framework of UNESCO.
3. We commend South Africa for the Johannesburg Summit thrust on development, inclusivity and mutual prosperity in the context of technology driven industrialisation and growth.
Instead of referring to more data, I want to put my thoughts before you.
He said that this is not only a pipeline project but a lifeline to this drought prone region.
We agreed that the agenda of our cooperation has to remain focused on purposeful action.
3. Prime Minister Modi recognised that the India-Japan relationship has been transformed into a partnership with great substance and purpose and is a corner stone of India’s Act East Policy.
I take this opportunity, to appreciate the media’s response to the Swachh Bharat Mission.
India, with its reputed resources, will surely be an active participant in this superior science discovery which is for the welfare of humankind.
MoU on Environmental Cooperation 7.
We made a beginning in trusting the citizens by abolishing many requirements for ‘attestation’ of signatures.
I got the opportunity to spend quality time with Subhash Babu’s family members.
Let me once again thank you all for joining me today to celebrate the launch of South Asia Satellite.
This must be our leaning; this should be our disposition.
The Bhil tribes of Central India and specially those in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh worship Peepal and Arjun trees religiously.
“The songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika are admired by people across generations.
India and Kenya are two developing countries.
The MoU is expected to make a positive impact for the Indian Chartered Accountants currently working in Oman and other markets and for those Indian professionals who intend to move to Oman for pursuing their profession there.
The Banning of Unregulated Deposit Schemes Bill, 2018 was introduced in Parliament on 18th July, 2018 and was referred to the SCF, which submitted its Seventieth Report on the said Bill to Parliament on 3rd January, 2019.
After my visit to Korea in 2015, we launched a Korea specific facilitation cell “Korea Plus” under ‘Invest India’ to guide, assist and handhold investors during the entire life-cycle of the business.
He said NITI Aayog should call a meeting with all States to provide a further impetus to ease of doing business.
And now the month of March beckons us with ripe crops in the fields, playful golden earrings of wheat and the captivating blossom of mango pleasing to the mind are the highlights of this month.
That is the reason that UK is among India’s major trading partners.
• Pursue an ambition to build a modern nation;
Conferences and Exhibitions are vital links to connect local manufacturers with global buyers and to serve as a platform for exchange of business ideas.
Will this, in anyway, benefit him!
We are also a country with the one of the largest Start up eco-systems.
In line with the “Make in India” vision, efforts are being made to promote domestic manufacture of metro rolling stock.
Shri Narendra Modi said that keeping in mind the interests of the tribal population, the Forest Rights Act is being strictly implemented.
If we look around, we can see many such examples.
Initiating the discussion, the Prime Minister stated that the Centre, States, Local Bodies, NGOs and citizens have to work together to resolve the problems posed by drought.
You might recall, never before middle class was granted relief for construction of houses.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed towards ensuring the safety of its security forces.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has bowed to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan, on his birth anniversary.
Shri Narendra Modi said that India’s security is our priority, and the surgical strike had underscored this.
Inauguration of ESIC Medical College & Hospital, Faridabad
And, for five decades, it has averaged a growth rate of over 6 per cent per year.
It is a vital necessity for ensuring peaceful, sustainable and just world.
In the new and renewable energy sector, the cumulative installed capacity has crossed 44 GigaWatts.
This MoU will provide a broad framework for the Parties to cooperate towards the implementation of grid interconnections for the trade in electricity with a view to promoting rational and optimal power transmission in the BIMSTEC region.
There were those who saw sinister designs in our presence here.
This year, we will record the highest ever coal production.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic gathering, he said he is delighted to visit Arunachal Pradesh and be among the wonderful people of the State.
Respected Dignitaries on the Dais
· And, who would be on your side in your hour of need.
You also talk about the same thing with your friends over the phone.
Curiosity is the mother of science.
But the moment winter sets in, we all have experienced that we don’t like coming out of our quilts one bit.
Amazed, I went near them and asked you are not in photo frame and what will you do of my photo?
I get to know so many things from you.
The Tractor Division has been incurring losses continuously and is unable to pay the salaries and other statutory dues of its employees.
(b) CRZ-III B – Rural areas with population density of below 2161 per square kilometre as per 2011 Census.
The Prime Minister will attend the Closing Ceremony of the Birth Centenary Celebration of the 19th Kushok Bakula Rinpoche in Leh.
President Solih expressed the hope that Prime Minister Modi will make an official visit to the Maldives in the near future.
Renowned sculptor and scholar Shri Ram Vanji Sutar was given the award for 2016.
Foundation stone for a new integrated building at Trichy Airport and for the modernization of Chennai airport will be laid by PM.
Over the years, learning from the success achieved and the deficiencies felt during the implementation of NRDWP, certain modifications are needed in existing guidelines and procedure of release of funds to the States for making the programme more outcome-oriented and competitive.
The guidelines provide for advance preparatory action to be taken by administrative Ministry/ Department and CPSEs, preparation of closure proposal, settlement of statutory and other liabilities of the CPSE under closure and modalities for disposal of movable and immovable assets of such CPSEs in a time bound manner.
African struggles and sacrifices are upholding democracy, combating extremism and empowering women.
More than 27 million new women-headed businesses have been assisted.
8. Let me start with the macro-economy.
Our efforts for a vibrant maritime sector are inspired by Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar.
He said the gold available with the country should be put to productive use, and these schemes show us the way to achieve this goal.
6. The TMO shall provide a legal production certificate for the poppy seeds to exporters following the submission of sales contract and the completion of other necessary procedures.
I had told about my cleanliness campaign that it will create new entrepreneurs.
MOC in Postal Field between the Ministry of Communications, Government of India and the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, Government of Japan.
The Shanghai Cooperation Organization will also give us a valuable framework to work together on these issues.
Children’s nutrition is being addressed through the POSHAN Abhiyan.
I’ve come to invite you to associate yourself with the mainstream of India’s development.
These numbers are mostly only in crores!
The beneficiaries included differently abled persons and widows.
Thereby, we have encouraged state governments to implement this in all districts.
The project will come under the legal framework of the Metro Railways (Construction of Works) Act, 1978; the Metro Railways (Operation and Maintenance) Act, 2002; and the Railways Act, 1989, as amended from time to time.
We have to ensure, in the spirit of climate justice, that the life of a few does not crowd out the opportunities for the many still on the initial steps of the development ladder.
All states and Union Territories have been requested to celebrate the occasion in a grand manner.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today delivered the inaugural address at the Uttar Pradesh Investors’ Summit – 2018.
4. Organization of seminars, conferences and other meetings on agreed agenda; and
Born when Southeast Asia was a theatre of a brutal war and a region of uncertain nations, ASEAN has united 10 countries behind a common purpose and a shared future.
Just imagine … for that one and only voter!
There is change in the cities.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has time and again raised the issue of black money at the global forum, including at important multilateral summits and in bilateral meetings with leaders.
Deekshabhoomi is also being developed in Nagpur.
The risk of gold price changes will be borne by the Gold Reserve Fund that is being created.
This institute has a vital role to play in such capacity building.
Our aim is to make India a preferred destination for manufacturing.
10 outstanding Start-up innovators shared their thoughts and experiences before the Prime Minister delivered his address.
Ties of collaboration in trade, investment, science and technology and skill development benefit both our societies.
A Joint Working Group shall be formed to monitor the activities to be carried out in fulfillment of the MoU.
Background:-
He reiterated his Government’s resolve for Housing for All by 2022.
I believe in Minimum Government and Maximum Governance.
The idea of Start Ups is as ancient as this world.
Today I also inaugurated 1000 Anganwadi Centers in the State.
Mr. Speaker,
Our next question is from Veer Kashyap.
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media.
The MoU will promote cooperation in the areas of mutual interest pertaining to the development of blue economy.
In particular, our infrastructure and socio-economic ministries must make appropriate use of science and technology.
Addressing a gathering on this occasion, Mr. Modi emphasized the importance of Ayushman Bharat saying, “It is because of Ayushaman Bharat there is an increasing need for new hospitals in even smaller towns.
Two types of waste bins will be available, one would be of green colour and the other blue.
Centre of Excellence for Information and Technology
To give you just a few examples.
Even more than reformed policies, we need transformed execution.
The Prime Minister said that it is a matter of pride that so many people in Russia express their fondness for India’s cultural heritage.
Globalisation is that thing in which all the people of this world fulfill their responsibilities by connecting with everyone and by learning from everyone and by taking everyone along, we have to attain those heights that will be useful for the welfare of the last man or the last country in the world and only then can we show that the whole world is one family in the real sense of the word by living the life as per that mantra “ Basudhaiba Kutumbakam”.
It is expected that at least ten crore workers in the unorganized sector will avail the benefit of Pradhan Mantri Shram-Yogi Maandhan within next five years.
The Prime Minister asked all concerned departments to ensure that development projects being implemented by India in the SAARC region, are implemented expeditiously.
The Prime Minister released the 103rd ISC Plenary Proceedings, and the Technology Vision 2035 document.
Our 70 billion dollars trade has grown 25 times over 25 years.
That concludes my question thank you.
However, the mindset has been changed and it is visible now.
I am very happy to know that 160 of these young over-seas Indians are here today to participate in the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas.
The Prime Minister said this consciousness transcended even language.
You can’t imagine how you can serve the country in this way and become a brave soldier in the fight against black money and corruption.
The average road length constructed per day in FY 17-18 was 26.93 km, as compared to 11.67 km in FY 13-14.
Last year, during my visit to Japan, we had a historic agreement for peaceful use of nuclear energy.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Vinesh Phogat on winning Gold in 50kg wrestling event at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta- Palembang, Indonesia.
ii) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control;
In 2015, India has risen to first position in the Baseline Profitability Index.
On the occasion of Navy Day today, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, presented four innovation trophies to recognize innovations by personnel of the Navy.
UDAY assures the rise of vibrant and efficient DISCOMs through a permanent resolution of past as well as potential future issues of the sector.
The M-SIPS has been able to create positive impact on investment in electronics sector.
As the world’s fastest growing major economy, our energy needs are immense.
Meeting of BRICS Science, Technology & Innovation FundingWorking Group (6 October 2016, Jaipur) 48.
Due to this, the confidence of the hardworking and honest person is increasing.
They have not only nurtured our shared heritage.
Government is also providing specific incentive through the scheme to generate employment.
Me or the common people?
The changing lifestyles of the 21st century have brought their own set of challenges.
India has a robust strategic partnership with all the three countries.
But I have full faith in Tamil Nadu’s potential and know that post this crisis it will rise again and speedily move forward and will continue to deliver in its role of taking the country forward.
Some serious things have come to light after this process began.
Prime Minister said that various schemes of the Government, like Swachh Bharat has boosted tourism in the country.
The Prime Minister visited the Dograi War Memorial, and the Barki War Memorial.
But later he joined a nationalized bank because of the situation of his household.
It is a matter of immense happiness that this conference is being held in India, including in Bodh Gaya.
If you will have faith in these things, then marks will automatically follow you and you will never have to chase marks!
The global community is surprised how we were able to roll out GST in such a short time.
And, they must leave enough of what is left of our carbon space to let developing countries grow.
The Prime Minister interacted with volunteers engaged in cleaning the Ganga, from Bijnor in Uttar Pradesh.
The Egyptian Nobel Prize winning writer Naguib Mahfouz said, “Science brings people together with the light of its ideas…and prods us towards a better future.”
Secured creditors of HCL, Kolkata, led by SBI as consortium lenders to the company, have been generous in their support.
• Mission Indradhanush was launched in December 2014 to rapidly increase the full immunization coverage of children to at least 90% and sustain the same by 2020.
The Union Government will also provide Rs. 100 crore for carrying out a study to synergize efforts towards finding time-bound long term solutions to recurrent floods in the region.
There cannot be any other befitting tribute to this great soul than every Indian taking a lesson from her life and emulating her.
Your visit reflects the importance we attach to our bilateral relationship.
The stake-holders will include researchers from scientific organizations, academia, R&D laboratories and companies from India and Indonesia.
· BRICS Science Academies Dialogue (Johannesburg)
Collaboration in IP related training for local IP and business communities, and
There is no access to arms.
Your Excellency Prime Minister Dato’ Sri Mohammad Najib,
to improve regulatory connect, with a view to exchange best practices:
Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay (25.9.1916 – 1.2.1968) was a prominent leader, who pledged his life to the service of the nation.
They are the same people whose statements are being happily quoted in the Parliament of Pakistan and in the radio of Pakistan.
Let this be an opportunity for SAARC people to realize their potential.
And, you will be surprised to know about the results achieved after the farmers received the information and guidelines about soil health.
It has the potential to make development a truly inclusive and comprehensive mass movement.
These included trade fairs; agriculture research; railway research; digital initiative; energy efficient technologies; cooperation between states, cities and local bodies; promoting films and sports exchange.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited the Quan Su Pagoda in Hanoi, Vietnam.
The seminar will showcase the Success Stories of Make in India program & key interventions taken by Government to ensure the success of the program.
Should the nature be saved or not?
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting at the Sher-e-Kashmir cricket stadium in Srinagar.
GST is the path breaking legislation for New India.
I invite you to write to me about your thoughts that I, as your representative, as your Pradhan Sevak should talk about from the Red Fort.
Prime Minister extended a warm welcome to Dr. Abdullah who would be delivering a Keynote Address at the Conference on Counter-terrorism-2016 being held in Jaipur.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for introduction of a Bill for establishment of a Regional Centre for Biotechnology in Faridabad.
We must all do our part.
He laid the Foundation Stone for the revival of North Koel (Mandal Dam) project, Kanhar Sone pipeline irrigation scheme, and strengthening of various irrigation systems and lining works.
Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) / Voluntary Separation Scheme (VSS) will also be implemented in these Public Sector Undertakings.
He also gave a broad overview of the economic reforms undertaken in India, including GST.
My dear countrymen, this December we had to bear the loss of some extraordinary, exemplary countrymen.
Credible and capable bankers have been appointed to head banks.
• a law was passed in 2015 for disclosure of foreign black money;
The panelists included renowned experts, academicians, innovators, industrialists and entrepreneurs from Indian Diaspora and India.
The Prime Minister said, “We have taken a major step to provide education facilities at the higher educational, technical and professional institutions in addition to the reservation for the poor from general category.
The progress in implementing our third Action Plan for the period 2016-2020 is commendable.
He also said that practice of Yoga helps develop detachment.
In this regard, they recognized each other’s respective roles as major powers with common responsibilities for maintaining global peace and stability.
Thereafter, OROP was implemented to ensure the welfare of our ex-servicemen.
Today India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy and today the highest foreign direct investment or FDI in the world, is flowing to India.
Our present is encouraging us to work together.
Congratulations to K Sanjita Chanu on winning the Gold Medal in the Women’s 53 kg weightlifting event.
Prime Minister and I are determined to explore steps to show concrete and early results.
It is also a bitter truth, that people have complaints of bad experiences at the hands of Government machinery, and some government officers.
We have launched the e- National Agriculture Market scheme (e-NAM) in April 2016 so that the farmers are able to get fair prices for their crops that will help them to sell their crops easily.
All decisions have been taken unanimously by the states and the Centre together.
He further added that the Union Government’s efforts towards Clean Energy are broad based.
The Prime Minister said that Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan was deeply popular among youth.
All of this makes it easier for the investor to do business in India.
5. The leaders appreciated the deepening interactions in the maritime domain for enhanced cooperation in the Indian Ocean Region.
Background of the Kalam Memorial
And, it has preserved its beautiful gifts of Nature.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, the President of Turkey, on the margins of the G20 Summit.
The Prime Minister praised Shri Sharad Pawar’s modern and scientific approach to agriculture, and his contribution to the agriculture sector in India.
The General Framework Agreement for the construction of the third stage of the Kudankulam NPP (KK5 & KK6) along with the Credit Protocol
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that India has to keep pace with changing technology, and the new, interdependent global order.
It is now a full three years since I started speaking to you over “Mann Ki Baat”.
It is also natural that we remember our Jawans who sacrificed their lives to maintain the pride and honour of our Tricolor Flag.
This is something I intend to take up with Prime Minister Najib.
Thus, he brought our beloved tricolor closer to the commonman.
My dear countrymen, I too am an ordinary citizen like you and like any ordinary citizen I too am influenced by good or bad things.
Four women from the neighborhood got together and jointly made purchases and made the payment with the 2000 Rupee note; they did not need small currency as they had jointly made their purchases and had decided that they would settle accounts later when they were to meet next week.
A singer whose captivating voice left people spellbound; his song beautifully captures the spirit of South Asian Games, the spirit of peace, friendship and prosperity.
We have largely achieved the first by drastically liberalizing our foreign direct investment policies.
Once again, many congratulations to all of you.
7. Civil courts jurisdiction prohibited from taking up matters defined in Bill, however, consumer court allowed to hear real estate matters.
This world class institute will be set up at an eight acre campus allocated by Government of Kerala.
He said 1000 crore rupees have been transacted through GeM so far and 28,000 suppliers have contributed to this platform.
Tendulkar had said that he only focuses on the ball that he is playing at present, and does not worry about the past or future.
• To the health and success of His Excellency, President John Magufuli;
The policy also aims to facilitate improvement in technology depth across sub-sectors, increase skill availability, ensure mandatory standards and promote growth and capacity building of MSMEs.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
I am happy to learn that the Thanthi group has instituted awards for promoting Tamil Literature in the name of its founder Thiru Adithanar.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi in his message on World Environment Day has said that this day is the right time to reaffirm our commitment to protecting our environment and nurturing a better planet.
The MoU was signed in April, 2017 between Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India and Information and Communication Technology Division of Bangladesh.
During the session, participants shared their views on various economic themes such as agriculture, skill development and job creation, taxation and tariff related matters, education, digital technology, housing, tourism, banking, governance reform, data driven policy, and future steps for growth.
The Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Bill is a pioneering initiative to protect the interest of consumers, promote fair play in real estate transactions and to ensure timely execution of projects.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir, Shri Mufti Mohammad Sayeed and took stock of the situation arising due to the earthquake.
PM will lay foundation stone of Delhi – Ghaziabad – Meerut RRTS.
1. Persons holding old notes of five hundred or one thousand rupees can deposit these notes in their bank or post office accounts from 10th November till close of banking hours on 30th December 2016 without any limit.
And, in a globally mobile world, one incident can claim citizens of many nations.
So, revival of rivers is an essential part of my commitment for a cleaner and healthier future for our society, economic opportunities for our people, and renewal of our heritage.
Agreement on Cooperation between ‘JITF Urban Infrastructure Services Limited’ (Republic of India), ‘Jindal Rail Infrastructure Limited’ (Republic of India), Joint Stock Company ‘Russian Export Centre’ (Russian Federation), and Limited Liability Company Management Company ‘RailTransHolding’ (Russian Federation)
We are deeply honoured to have with us, Your Excellency Mr. President.
During the first fortnight of March, Women and Child Development Ministry along with the Ministry of Tribal Affairs will be laying stress on the Cleanliness Campaign.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for procurement of Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail (VVPAT) Units for use in the General Elections, 2019 for
We have made aviation affordable and within reach of the lesser privileged, he added.
It reflects the shared global desire for balance between human and Mother Nature; and, peace and harmony between people and nations.
Venerable Monks, Excellencies and Friends,
We have achieved a high degree of self-sufficiency in space technology, including launch vehicle development, payload and satellite building, applications for development and the building of core competence and capacity.
He said this approach was essential to stop radicalization.
I respectfully pay my homage to all these brave soldiers, I bow to them.
Once I had the opportunity of talking to farmers involved in Banana cultivation.
Under Pradhan Mantri Urja Ganga Yojana, Varanasi, Bhubaneshwar, Cuttack, Patna, Ranchi and Jamshedpur are being connected through gas pipeline.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) is a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament of India, ‘The Chartered Accountants Act, 1949′, to regulate the profession of Chartered Accountancy in India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of new Air Services Agreement (ASA) between India and Lao People’s Democratic Republic (Lao PDR).
What can be achieved with technology?
And how can we refer to the Maratha Navy and not remember Kanhoji Aangre!
First, I got an opportunity to meet our Para Athletes who participated in the Asian Para Games 2018 held at Jakarta.
Penal provisions have been made more stringent for storing/possessing any pornographic material in any form involving a child for commercial purpose.
In response to their observations, the Prime Minister mentioned the Saubhagya Yojana, which has been launched by the Union Government to provide electricity connections to every home.
Indian Posts & Telecommunications Accounts and Finance Service Group ‘A” was constituted in 1972 and caters to the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) and the Department of Posts (DoP).
The front entrance looks similar to India Gate, while the two domes are on the lines of Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Whereas we hear of a polling station at 15,000 feet above mean sea level in Himachal Pradesh we also learn about the same being organised in remote islands of the Andaman Nicobar archipelago.
Thank you very much.
7. Any other area of cooperation decided mutually between the two countries.
The Commission will make its recommendations to the State Governments preferably within a period of 18 months.
Though, some berths and facilities have been set up in some Major Ports following these Guidelines, the potential for development of such facilities is not yet fully realized.
Joint Research Promotion and exchange of students and faculties between the two institutions.
Appreciating the media for its positive role, the Prime Minister said that if there is someone who has furthered the cause of cleanliness more than me, it is the media.
I have also laid the foundation of an important road project today.
PLR shall be paid annually on the basis of 50% weightage given to all India Performance and 50% weightage given to the individual Port Performance.
The students are currently on a tour to various parts of the country, as part of Operation Sadbhavna organised regularly by the Indian Army.
There I saw 25-30 women filling milk in that plant.
This Mahaparva, mega-festival stands for unity, equality, integrity and honesty.
Some games are seasonal.
The Prime Minister reiterated the commitment of the Union Government to curb corruption and black money.
However, the world is yet to know about one specific parameter of India which is in real terms is the strength and power is its spirituality.
The Prime Minister emphasized that it was essential for India’s eastern states to develop, for the sustainable growth of the entire country.
There are three outcomes I would like to see from the Nobel Prize series.
ADB team has since submitted the final report regarding Conceptual Development Plan (CDP) of VCIC.
The channel will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan.
The Prime Minister will be visiting Washington, D.C. on 24-26 June.
However money has its own power of growing further.
He said there are very few relations between, where the basis of the relationship is mutual trust.
This is especially critical for India to achieve our target of adding 175 GW of renewable generation by 2022.
He credited him with ending the superstition associated with Noida, by coming to this city.
Grand parents, parents and children should together perform Yoga and also upload their photos.
This is the inaugural day of a defining global conference on climate change.
To achieve this, the States will relax the age and educational criteria, if required.
I feel lucky in being with you now.
The 14 km long Zojila tunnel will be India’s longest road tunnel and Asia’s longest bi-directional tunnel.
Whereas the carriers of Serbia can establish direct operation to 4 Metros – New Delhi, Mumbai and 2 more points to be specified later.
This proposal is also in line with the UDAY scheme of Government of India which also envisages liberally allowing of coal swaps from inefficient plants to efficient plants and from plants situated away from coal mines to pit head to minimize cost of coal transportation thus leading to reduction in cost of power.
Buddhism and environment are deeply co-related.
As compared to the earlier groups, which worked on specific themes, the focus of the groups this time will be on sectors, such as agriculture, energy, transport etc.
He added that it is essential for Sufi saints and scholars to counter these forces through various avenues including on social media, so that the ideology of extremism does not take root in India.
The Cabinet on 22.06.2016 had decided that the corpus of Fund of Funds along with counterpart funds raised by the AIFs in which FFS takes equity would be invested entirely in Start-ups.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
All the states of the North East region are blessed with natural scenic beauty, distinct historical cultural and ethnic heritage.
The energy and drive of our 800 million youth fuels and mirrors the ambition and aspiration of the entire country.
Ever since he tookover as the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi ensured that Mahatma Gandhi’s ideals, principles and teachings are held aloft, both in India and abroad, through his speeches and actions.
But, it also comes from the recognition that when Afghanistan succeeds, the world will be safer and more beautiful.
It is for the first time a scheme has been designed to offer financial incentives to employers to engage apprentices.
At the DeendayalHastkalaSankul, the Prime Minister visited the One District, One Product (ODOP) Exhibition.
It will promote Research and Development, and demonstration of energy efficient technologies.
It also shows your passion and commitment towards a strong housing sector, that benefits the poorest of the poor in our country.
Overall, India’s long-term interests have been protected.
Indian companies have a strong presence in Malaysia.
Describing children as the greatest brand ambassadors for “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan,” the Prime Minister said this vision had generated great interest for the people of India.
Brothers and Sisters, the Ministry of the Government of India which was earlier known as “Ministry of Agriculture”, from now will be known as the “Ministry of farmer Welfare” and in the days to come schemes for the welfare of farmers will also be formulated alike the schemes for agriculture are prepared and the Government would make efforts to provide help to the farmers by means of setting permanent system for the problems that my farmers has to face in his personal life, the hurdles that he has to go through.
Thanks to his affable personality and accessible nature, he remained the preferred leader of the state for years.
Take away all my riches
• making the above change effective from 01.01.2017 i.e. the date the CLSS for MIG had become effective.
We must admit that even after so many years of independence since the formation of the Constitution, we have not been able to fulfil those dreams of Babasaheb.
The Framework Agreement will provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth; satellite communication; satellite navigation; space science and exploration of outer space.
The MOU is initially valid for a period of five years and incorporates provision for automatic renewal.
• Increase in ceiling of Programme Management Budget under NHM, including monitoring and evaluation, from existing 6.5% to 9 % of the total Annual Work Plan for that year for bigger States and existing 11% to 14 % of the total Annual Work Plan for that year for smaller States/UTs.
However, your India visit as a President is taking place at a time when we are celebrating the festival of completion of 70 years of India’s independence.
The population of tiger, elephant, lion rhino and other forms of wildlife is on the rise.
But it contributed 12.5% of global growth.
SICI shall also undertake such other activities, which will be recommended by Ministry of Human Resource Development based on new programmes and areas of cooperation between the two countries.
We have taken decisive steps and built a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
The first one relates to building infrastructure like Highways, Railways etc. while the other is to ensure that the benefits of development reach out to the people.
He said the trust on the postman remains, despite the advent of modern technology.
And, India is doing her part.
This will ensure that the infrastructure created under the project is operational on a sustainable basis.
New Technology and renewable energy is our new Mantra.
The #Sandesh2Soldiers campaign is expected to generate increased interaction between the people and the Armed Forces.
He said that India is moving from Power Shortage toPower Surplus, and from Network Failure toNet Exporter.
The Prime Minister welcomed and applauded President Putin’s leadership in the growth of India-Russia relations.
I am confident that our discussion and decisions today will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
The TIWB Programme complements the efforts of the international community to strengthen cooperation on tax matters and contribute to domestic tax mobilisation efforts of developing countries.
So I thought that upon looking at them with our eyes we feel that they are handicapped, but experiences tell us that they have some extra power.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
Poverty, malnutrition, illiteracy are the challenges in front of us.
When we bring more FDI, we create more industries in India.
That will fetch such terrific results that one could have never ever imagined.
The Prime Minister used the quote “Eternal Vigilance is the Price of Liberty,” to emphasize the importance of awareness in democracy.
Sufism is the voice of peace, co-existence, compassion and equality; a call to universal brotherhood, he added.
Last year on 3rd October I had an opportunity to conduct my first ever “Mann Ki Baat”.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, addressed the ‘Campaign for Drugs Free India’, organized by the Art of Living Foundation, through video message.
Being a common forum, GST Appellate Tribunal will ensure that there is uniformity in redressal of disputes arising under GST, and therefore, in implementation of GST across the country.
The umbrella Agreement would serve as an enabler to enter into bilateral agreements with member banks subject to national laws, regulations and internal policies of the signatories.
i. Developing human resource, research and project promotion for health self-management such as ME-BYO and Ayurveda; and
To reach our true potential and to take Indian science to its rightful glory, we should be like a quantum particle that escapes its confinement.
He interacted with 35 beneficiaries of PMAY (U) – one from each State/UT.
The MoU was signed on 3rd August, 2018 during BRICS Labour and Employment Ministers (LEM) Meeting.
The city administration has taken up projects to manage the same under the Smart Cities Mission.
He specially thanked the women of Mehsana district, who have furthered the message of “Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao.”
E-commerce makes it much easier to establish direct contact with the end-user.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed Destination Uttarakhand: Investors’ Summit 2018, in Dehradun.
But, they are both deeply interdependent and interconnected.
Some Indians have made it their aim and purpose.
The Court proceedings were stalled.
They expressed satisfaction at the progress in India-U.S. strategic partnership in 2018.
We could train personnel and skill them for better management of child sickness in our Special Newborn Care Units (SNCUs) as well as share our experience at home based new born care.
Mr. Mark Zuckerberg: All right.
Congrats to sportspersons and coaches who will be honoured with various sports awards.
The Declaration is for the extension of tenure of the bilateral IGSTC for a period of five years beyond 2017 till 2022.
Using technology, we are enhancing responsibility and reducing discretion and corruption.
Shriman S. Sunder Ji has expressed his feelings on the role of parents.
He said the nation is today passing through a period of transformation.
A number of issues have already been resolved through this mechanism.
These provisions have been meticulously shortened to 280 sections in the Bill.
He urged States to take steps in this regard.
Has it ever occurred to you that whenever we discuss Dharma and Moksha, it is the saints and monks who cross our minds!
Power outages also adversely affect national priorities like “Make in India” and “Digital India”.
Our engagement with Africa will remain intense and regular.
Today both of us visited the Dandi Kutir.
HMTL’s profit making tractor business was affected due to poor off-take, under-utilisation of capacity and working capital constraints, etc.
Go to settlements in your neighborhood, go to nearby villages, but do this in the form of a movement.
They support each other’s candidature, based on the firmly shared recognition that India and Japan are legitimate candidates for permanent membership in an expanded UNSC.
President Hollande, Excellencies, industry leaders,
11. Emphasize the need to accelerate progress in the core areas of cooperation and to review, restructure and rationalize the existing areas of BIMSTEC cooperation and streamline the operational modalities for activities, implementation of programmes and projects under BIMSTEC for bringing out tangible results.
There are also some limits placed on the withdrawals from ATMs and bank for the very short run.
The main objectives of this Agreement are:-
The world may be driven by the same ancient impulses.
800 million of my countrymen may exercise the freedom of franchise once every five years.
We have agreed on the need to implement the Paris agreement on the basis of principal of common but differentiated responsibilities and also to work collectively for developing the ways to implement it.
It was a novel humanitarian experiment on a large scale.
Every day, we are further rationalising our policies and procedures, to make it simple for businesses to establish and grow.
The job creation will happen in core ECC facilities as well as in supporting ECC land uses like retail, office and hospitality.
He also inaugurated 22 Skill Training Centres, and unveiled the foundation stone for Regional Vocational Training Institute for women, Patna.
So, we must recognize that science, as we see it, does not constitute the only form of empirical knowledge about the world.
Infact PM Modi is setting a new example of propriety in public life, by asking all MPs & MLAs of BJP to submit their bank account details post demonetization.
These include education for children, irrigation for farmer, livelihood to youth, medicines for elderly, grievance redressal to everyone.
He said that a combination of technology and human sensitivities is ensuring greater “ease of living.”
I also look forward to productive discussions and positive outcomes that will support the agenda of a stronger BRICS partnership under the chairmanship of China.
The Summit provided a forum to enhance economic opportunities to young entrepreneurs, especially women entrepreneurs and marginalized groups in the long run.
As I said then, and I will say it again, your friendship is our honour; your dreams are our duty.
PM emphasised that only empowered women can create an empowered society and a strong nation.
He also mentioned the gains made through Aadhaar linking of subsidy.
Additionally, over Rs 4000 crores has been declared under the new Act.
This payment will be made before Dussehra/Puja holidays, bringing a smile to lakhs of families ahead of the festive season.
The State has a target of 20 lakh hectares for micro-irrigation by 2022.
We have been moving in the direction of an India where the poorest of the poor person gets the equal opportunity for progress, where the poorest of the poor person can see dreams and fulfill them.
Participants were of the view that States and Cities in India should be allowed to take the lead in clean energy initiatives.
Addressing a large gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that he is happy to be in Gujarat to personally convey new year greetings.
Under this JDI, the required institutional framework will be developed to provide fund support to the IGCS at IIT, Madras by DST and BMBF.
It means that nobody should be involved in malpractices of quality and measurement.
The Prime Minister appreciated the work done by the scientists.
India is likely to have achieved the Millennium Development Goal 4 of U5MR at the present rate of decline.
On the other hand, Krishna was the Sarathi of Arjuna.
The Scheme will increase the availability of suitable number of Court Halls and Residential Accommodations for Judges / Judicial Officers of District and Subordinate Courts all over the country including at District, Sub-District, Taluka, Tehsil and Gram Panchayat and Village levels.
Together we will build such an India where nobody will compromise with corruption and nepotism.
This is the reason because of which the acceptance for Yoga throughout the world has been increasing so rapidly.
In the timeless Buddhist symbols of Aynak and Bamian and in the majestic monuments of Delhi, in our culture and art, in language and literature, food and festivals, we see the imprint of our timeless relations.
In line with the Special Strategic and Global Partnership with Japan, discussions were held in a very cordial atmosphere.
The Prime Minister also said that expectations are essential.
Bilateral exchange programmes in the field of sports between India and Kazakhstan and India and Turkmenistan will help in expanding knowledge and expertise in the areas of sports science, sports medicine and coaching techniques.
During 2015-16, bilateral trade stood at US$ 1,523.35 million with exports at US$ 703.12 million and imports US$ 820.22 million respectively.
68. We advocate for a strong Global Financial Safety Net with an adequately resourced, quota-based International Monetary Fund (IMF) at its centre.
German cooperation and assistance in areas like smart cities, Clean Ganga and waste management have taken a concrete shape.
We have made an announcement in the Budget.
· India-Japan Joint Laboratories in the area of ICT (“Internet of Things, Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Analytics”) “Architecting Intelligent Dependable Cyber Physical System Targeting IoT and Mobile Big Data Analysis” between The University of Tokyo and IIT Bombay; “Data Science-based Farming Support System for Sustainable Crop Production under Climatic Change” between The University of Tokyo and IIT Hyderabad; and “Security in the Internet of Things Space” between Kyushu University and IIT Delhi.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the atmosphere at Motihari today, evokes the same spirit of mass movement, that marked the Champaran Satyagraha, a century ago.
He added that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
To this end, I would exhort the National Laboratories to connect with schools and colleges to develop appropriate training programs.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today paid homage to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, on his birth anniversary.
Considering the ecosystem value of tiger conservation areas, we need to consider them as “natural capital.”
Its glorious tradition and teachings resonate through the dargahs of Ajmer, Delhi and Fatehpur Sikri.
What you say is right.
In that context, they welcomed the “Joint Strategic Vision of India-France Cooperation in the Indian Ocean Region”, as a guiding beacon for such partnership.
The ships could also extend support in areas like healthcare through medical camps on the islands.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will address the CREDAI YouthCon -19, on 13 February 2019, at Talkatora Stadium, New Delhi.
42. Both sides noted positive exchanges on Internet Governance, on increasing the ease of doing business for ICT companies on both sides, as well as meetings between the Indian and European start-up ecosystems under a “Start-up Europe India Network”.
This visit takes place as both countries mark a decade of our strategic partnership.
It has also brought our nation closer.
India will be pleased to host this initiative at the premises of our National Institute of Solar Energy.
I hope they continue to do exemplary work in curbing plastic pollution.
Who made 4 crore and 65 lakhs gas connections reach the poor?
– Foreign investment is up and the Current Account Deficit is down.
He said institutions must be made outcome-oriented.
He expressed happiness that research has begun to find an effective solution for sickle cell anaemia.
He added that in the name of the Iron Man of India, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, a mammoth Statue of Unity is constructed on River Narmada and it will be completed on 31st October 2018.
The Prime Minister said that it is important to maintain an atmosphere of unity in the country.
The CES(Roads) Cadre was constituted in the year 1959.
The new agreements in the fields of taxation, administrative reforms, science, space, youth affairs & sports outline the expanding scope of our partnership.
According to the reports released for the last financial year, there has been a reduction of 45% in the deposits made by Indians in the Swiss banks..
I congratulate the people of Akola, the district and the municipal corporation’s administration, all the citizens who were associated with this mass movement, I laud your efforts which are not only very much appreciated but this will inspire the other citizens of the country.
This is a festival linked with nature.
The same event will also mark the inauguration of the second IORA Renewable Energy Ministerial Meeting, and the 2nd Global RE-Invest (Renewable Energy Investors’ Meet and Expo).
He said the PRAGATI meetings have helped speed up projects worth over 9 lakh crore rupees.
Today is another landmark day.
Prime Minister Modi expressed concern that political and social instability would seriously compound the tragedy caused by the recent earthquake in Nepal.
India is primarily an agrarian country.
MoU on Cooperation for Prevention of Human Trafficking.
The President of Maldives is accompanied by his wife First Lady Fazna Ahmed and a high level delegation comprising of Minister of Foreign Affairs Abdulla Shahid, Minister of Finance Ibrahim Ameer, Minister of National Planning and Infrastructure Mohamed Aslam, Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation Aishath Nahula, Minister of Economic Development Uz Fayyaz Ismail, senior government officials, and a business delegation.
He will lay the Foundation Stones for a greenfield airport at Rajkot; six-laning of Ahmedabad-Rajkot National Highway; and four-laning of Rajkot-Morbi State Highway.
I consider this to be a very positive sign because such confidence gives an impetus to development”.
To extend the cooperation to IT sector, the Indian Mission in Colombo and MEA had emphasized on evolving a framework for active cooperation.
Now people want Highway with I-Way.
In India, we are committed to walk the talk on the implementation of Sendai Framework.
The Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), is one of the Central Armed Police Forces.
We are also celebrating 25 years of ASEAN – India dialogue partnership.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed delight over 10 million downloads of BHIM App in a span of 10 days.
4. The Agreement also enables assistance in collection of tax revenue claims between both countries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and France in the field of energy efficiency / energy conservation.
And as a citizen we surely have a bad experience with a government official in our lifetime.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed on November 11, 2016 at Tokyo, Japan between the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) for cooperation in the field of outer space.
The Cabinet had, in July, 2012 approved the M-SIPS to provide a special incentive package to promote large scale manufacturing in the Electronic System Design and Manufacturing (ESDM) sector.
I also know that we will surely do so, the moment You decide to do so.
The phone banking of the UPA did wonders for the friends of their leaders.
Among the views expressed at the roundtable, was a clear assertion that India has the makings of becoming the “clean energy world capital.”
However, it has taken us many years to complete these projects.
India will lend its strength to keep the seas safe, secure and free for the benefit of all.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker for opening the doors of this magnificent Capitol.
The collective resolve and strength of the people got freedom for our country.
He said the transformational shift in India, is due to the resolve of its people.
He said that the scientists have contributed to this effort with dedication.
She has pointed a certain incident, and you must also be aware that we get messages on our mobile phones and emails, proclaiming attractive offers that you have won a jackpot of so many rupees; if you pay a certain amount then you become eligible for the greater amount.
He appreciated the skills of the carpet makers, which have made the “Made in India carpet” a big brand.
The replica of these plates was made possible with the cooperation of Malankara Mar Thoma Syrian Church in Thiruvalla, Kerala.
It crossed ten billion dollars in 2003-04, twenty billion dollars in 2007-08 and is now nearly forty billion dollars.
From agriculture to aerospace, bio-sensors to bio-pharmaceuticals, chemicals to climate change, drug development to deep sea explorations, from earth sciences to energy, food to fragrance, glass to genomics, housing to healthcare, instrumentation to informatics, leather to Light Combat Aircraft, microbes to mining to materials, optics to optical fibres, pigments to power electronics, roads to robotics, sensors to solar energy, tractors to transport, UAVs to under water vehicles, and water to weather forecasting, CSIR has registered its presence.
Whenever water was required for crops, farmers had access to it.
The Prime Minister has put into practice the ideas of Mahatma Gandhi and showcased how his ideas remain relevant even in 21st century.
We are committed to re-writing that history.
Rather I want to bid adieu remembering motherland any moment, means he bade farewell to India with a vision of enlightening the western world.
A single case takes years to settle.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Aanchal Thakur on winning India’s first international medal in skiing at FIS International Skiing Competition in Turkey.
BRICS Sherpas and Sous-Sherpas meeting (29-30 April 2016, Jaipur; 5-6 August 2016, Bhopal; 2-3 September 2016, Hangzhou; 8-10 October 2016, New Delhi; 12-13 October 2016, Goa) 52.
We shall connect people through cleanliness.
Also teach them about the procedure of making transactions through this App; teach this specially to small traders in your neighbourhood.
These are the very people… and this is the power and strength of the masses.
Yet, in the last two and a half years with the support of 125 crore Indians, India has become the “bright spot” in the global economy.
In this regard, both sides support the full and effective implementation of the Declaration on the Conduct of the Parties in the South China Sea (DOC) and look forward to an early conclusion of an effective and substantive Code of Conduct in the South China Sea.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Sunday, dedicated to the nation, two newly built expressways in the Delhi NCR Region.
He visited the Akshay Vat in Prayagraj.
Q. Why have you made a decision to go ahead with this historic visit?
He said the projects launched today are part of the larger vision of developing Eastern India as growth engine for India.
So, in the initial thousand days, efforts are being made for developing a strong mechanism to secure the future of the country.
My dear countrymen, when I talked about cleanliness from the Ramparts of Red Fort in 2014, some people made fun.
During the Hannover Messe, specific areas for collaboration were mutually identified.
1. The 14th annual Summit between India and the European Union (EU) was held in New Delhi on 6 October 2017.
Processes and procedures of the Authority: The processes and procedures to be followed by the Authority shall be governed in accordance with the provisions of the respective Acts of Parliament of India applicable to such financial products, services or institutions, as the case may be.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the signing of the agreement between India and Iran on visa facilitation for Diplomatic, Official/Service and Ordinary passport holders.
As an example, in response to a call from me, Coca Cola has recently started adding fruit juice to some of its aerated drinks.
Today, I wanted to speak to you about one of the biggest challenges for the world, and one that dominated global attention last year –to define a path to a more prosperous future for our world and a more sustainable future for our planet.
He added that his dream is ‘One World, One Sun, One Grid’.
At the same event, he unveiled a plaque to mark the commencement of work on the Zojila Tunnel.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condoled the passing away of former President of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), Shri Jagmohan Dalmiya.
They have taken this campaign in a religious manner.
Inter-dependence is increasing.
We aim to make a big leap in the ocean economy through the blue revolution.
I am happy to note that Assam is ranked first among the North Eastern States in the Ease of Doing Business report.
The Prime Minister complimented the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, Shri Pema Khandu, for his good work in the State.
The supply of goods and services from India and Korea as part of projects in third countries will be an additional avenue which this MoU will enable.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for revision of the Agreement between India and Qatar for the avoidance of double taxation and for the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
This environment, this atmosphere should not be confined to this place only.
The Ministers exchanged views on major global political, security, economic and financial issues of common concern and on strengthening BRICS cooperation.
But, today, we are making history by having a galaxy of Nobel Laureates in Gujarat.
Konnichiva (Good Afternoon/Namaskar)
Tourism and Education
Vibrant Gujarat Global Trade Show
In Independent India, the record of presenting the budget the maximum number of times is held by Morarjibhai Desai.
He said that he is indeed blessed, to be associated with the project of Kashi Vishwanath Dham.
To this end, the 2nd Generation ethanol through lignocellulose Route has been adopted by Oil PSUs for establishing twelve 2G ethanol plants in 11 States.
Further, it would provide strategic importance for India in terms of enhanced presence in Indian Ocean where other international: players are also active.
It will be a landmark step forward in India’s journey towards becoming a major player in global Innovation and will further the objectives of National IPR Policy, 2016.
The formation of the NICDIT will enable development and implementation of Industrial Corridor Projects across India by bringing in holistic planning and development approach and sharing the learning from development of Industrial Corridors, which will enable innovation in areas such as planning, design development and funding of such projects.
And each succeeding generation has been defined more by their successes than by their challenges.
The National Security Advisor Shri AjitDoval, the Foreign Secretary Shri S. Jaishankar, the Defence Secretary Shri G Mohan Kumar, and other senior members of the Prime Minister’s delegation were present.
“India condoles the loss of lives and property in Sri Lanka due to flooding and landslides.
India also offers ASEAN our indigenously developed GPS Aided Geo Augmented Navigation or GAGAN services, which provides advanced navigation and location assistance and information facilities.
The Prime Minister said French companies are well invested in India.
The current VRS package is at the old pre-revised scale, therefore, implementation of an improved VRS package would provide better retirement benefits to the HDPEL employees who opt for it.
To facilitate investment of Japanese companies in food value chain in State of Maharashtra
This is not only a diplomatic imperative but also an economic one.
Some countrymen shared those incidents of this year which left a special impact on their minds, a very positive one at that.
It is indeed a great pleasure for me to welcome Her Excellency Daw Aung San Suu Kyi on her first State Visit to India.
Your becoming Sarpanch is not a small achievement.
The country needs more and more scientists.
He added that this is happening despite the global recession.
vi) Conservation of Marine and Coastal Resources;
We work together to keep our seas safe and secure.
“Congratulations Pankaj Advani for winning your 18th world title in the recently concluded IBSF World Snooker Championship.
What we saw among members of the Opposition was sheer arrogance.
As per UNCTAD’s World Investment Report, India continues to be one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
We emphasise the paramount importance of strict compliance with the existing legal regime providing for the peaceful use of outer space.
The Prime Minister is constantly monitoring the situation and is in touch with officials.
This would create an integrated Asian market comprising nearly half the world’s population and a third of the world’s GDP.
I am happy to announce that we will increase the exchange of young persons from 50 to 100 from this year.
He exhorted institutions of higher learning to focus on areas such as defence manufacturing.
The Summit is a unique opportunity for bringing together entrepreneurs and start ups with global leaders.
BRICS Film Festival(2-6 September 2016, New Delhi) 83.
The Prime Minister asserted that more people are paying taxes because they have faith that their money is being used properly and for the welfare of people.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
The Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, Shri Nripendra Misra, today officially handed over the first set of files related to Netaji to the Director General, National Archives of India, setting the stage for their declassification beginning on 23rd January, 2016.
The NHP, 2017 advocates a positive and proactive engagement with the private sector for critical gap filling towards achieving national goals.
He said over 18,000 villages had remained unelectrified after nearly seven decades of Independence, and he had promised to have them electrified within 1000 days.
I have learnt a great deal about his accomplishments that were far ahead of his times and society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released the IMPRINT India brochure at the Visitors’ Conference at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
When demonetization was announced, the world was surprised.
Similarly, he emphasized that Universities can also become the focal point of the celebrations for the 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
It was a privilege for India to play a role in conservation works of temples in Cambodia, Myanmar, Lao PDR and Vietnam.
The word Yoga, means ‘to unite’.
Therefore, we have to take the country forward with a pledge to build a New India.
The Prime Minister talked about the changes happening in India.
It is you who have to shape your own future.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Bhubaneswar on February 7th, and will dedicate to the nation the National Institute of Science Education and Research.
2. Short term training of human resources in health;
From national highways to rural roads, pace of construction has almost doubled as compared to the previous government.
We have a vision to double the farmers’ income by the 75th year of Independence.
We have announced such a scheme in the budget that has grabbed the attention of the entire world.
This summit is a re-inforcement of India’s commitment to a sustainable planet, for ourselves and for future generations.
It states that Members should adopt a phased multi-track approach implementing coherent and comprehensive strategies for promoting peace, preventing crises, enabling recovery and building resilience.
(Thank you for your kind hospitality!)
Sardar Patel rose from being a farmer’s son to be known as the Iron Man of the country, undertaking the extraordinary task of uniting India into one nation.
2. Phased Manufacturing Programme (PMP) valid for 5 years till 2024 to support setting up of a few large-scale, export-competitive integrated batteries and cell-manufacturing Giga plants in India.
He said several Indians have played a key role in Uganda’s politics as well.
Primary education is equally important.
The two leaders also affirmed that ASEAN unity and centrality are at the heart of the Indo-Pacific concept, which is inclusive and open to all.
We have initiated Population-based Prevention, Control, Screening and Management of common non-communicable diseases such as Diabetes, Hyper-tension and Common Cancers.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Denmark regarding cooperation in the areas of food safety.
He will also flag off the second passenger train from Tatanagar to Badampahar.
The MoU intends to promote closer co-operation in the areas of e-Governance, m-Governance, e-Public Services Delivery, cyber security, software technology parks, start-ups ecosystem etc.
‘Government is punishing the corrupt, rewarding the honest,’ says PM Modi
6. It is our responsibility to convert our Swaraj into Suraaj, which can not be done without sacrifice, discipline and staunch resolution 7.
Many such projects are in various such stages of development.
Navy Day greetings to Navy personnel”, the Prime Minister said.
In an environment where we seek stability, sustainable development and prosperity.
Used scarcely earlier, after 8th November the poor people have started using Rupay Cards and this usage has seen almost 300% surge.
Relations between India and Thailand are extensively spread across many areas.
During the Convention, Pravasi Bharatiya Samman is conferred on the selected overseas Indians for their significant contributions to various fields both in India and abroad.
And since there is a sense of geographical &cultural belonging, they are easy to understand & assimilate.
He also said that the State is giving highest priority to the implementation of Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana.
We must also ensure that the pace and the push of Fintech work to the advantage of the people, not to their disadvantage; that technology in finance ensures improvement of the human condition through direct contact with the most marginalized.
Now our goal should be to make people aware of the benefits of this medicine so that they can make best use of the same.
As a result of the rains, the cool breeze has brought about some respite from the oppressive heat of past few days.
G20 countries should increase the share of traffic on public transportation in cities by 30% by 2030.
Of the numerous colourful festivals of India, Onam is a prime festival of Kerela.
This will ease travel to the land of Buddha for my brothers and sisters from Sri Lanka, and help you directly visit Sravasti, Kusinagar, Sankasa, Kaushambi and Sarnath.
Officials explained the steps being taken to plug shortcomings and resolve bottlenecks in implementing business reforms.
A temporary campus of IIPE has been set up from academic session 2016-17 from the Andhra University Campus with two undergraduate programmes namely, Petroleum Engineering and Chemical Engineering (with capacity of 50 students each).
ii. Improvement in AYUSH education through well-equipped enhanced number of AYUSH Educational institutions.
IMF, World Bank, OECD, ADB and other institutions have projected even better growth in the coming days.
This will give a boost to the economic development of the region.
Targeting proceeds of crime is an important element in this fight against crime.
(ii). Cooperation among private and public entities of both countries in the areas of investment and business promotion;
We remember and pay our homage to Tilak ji on his birth anniversary on 23rd July and his death anniversary on 1st August.
He spoke of the initiatives of the Union Government in renewable energy generation, and the ambitious target of 175 GW of renewable energy.
Implementation strategy and targets:-
54. We welcome that the global economy has continued to improve, while noting that growth has been less synchronised and that downside risks still remain.
The name of this unique contest is “Clean beautiful Toilet”.
We are open to carry out necessary corrections in our policies and procedures.
The Prime Minister also stated that he looked forward to welcoming President Putin in India for the Annual Summit later thisyear.
Thuglak and Cho – it is difficult to imagine one without the other.
In the past few days the government has made an effort to ensure that the benefits of schemes reach out to the rightful owners.
People of North India may not be knowing what all is there in the South!
b) To exchange information and data related to tourism
It will not only provide easy movement of trains but also help in the overall development of Bundelkhand region.
The cost of the project for establishment of the new AIIMS in Gorakhpur shall be Rs. 1011 crore.
The global economy is going through a period of uncertainty.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Kollam and Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala tomorrow on January 15, 2019.
My advice to them is to see that their business results into socio–economic transformation of this great country.
18. The Sides emphasized that infrastructure development is an important national priority for both countries offering immense opportunities for cooperation.
Foundation stone of doubling of 425 km long Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsen-Khairar railway lines and Coach Refurbishing Workshop in Jhansi was also laid by the PM on this occasion.
This will help stabilise the global economy which is on path of recovery.
They expressed support to the efforts of both sides to re-engage actively towards timely relaunching of negotiations for a comprehensive and mutually beneficial EU-India Broad Based Trade and Investment Agreement (BTIA).
Special Envoy Asim reiterated the commitment of Maldives to maintain close relations with India under Maldives’ “India First” policy.
This is the birth anniversary of the great hockey player, hockey wizard, Major Dhyan Chand ji.
I am very happy to be here at the inauguration of the World Sustainable Development Summit.
Addressing a gathering at the Railway Yard in Balangir, he said that the “Government is making continuous efforts for the development of Eastern India and Odisha.
There are now over 120 million subscribers.
The two governments underlined the particular importance of the information technology and digital industries in both countries, and the contribution that they make towards strengthening trade ties between the UK and India as a key driver of growth and prosperity.
1. World Food India 2017
Parliament has recently passed a new law on inland waterways which will enable the rapid development of this efficient mode of transport.
The Cadre review comes in the backdrop of ongoing efforts to expand the outreach of pro-people policies of the government and the need to disseminate the information of such measures which have grown manifold in the recent years.
Combined with this, Indian enterprise and innovation has received a fillip due to the ‘Make in India’, ‘Start up India’ and ‘Stand up India’ initiatives that seek to celebrate enterprise, innovation and research in India.
We see this in the challenges of radicalization and refugees.
The Prime Minister said it is clear that India is a land of possibilities.
The Prime Minister asked for due monitoring of the loans being given to SHGs, using Aadhaar.
The Prime Minister said that very often, their new ideas and vision may meet resistance from the older generation, but the way to move forward is by working hard, and taking people along.
Appreciating the US President for putting the spotlight on nuclear security, the Prime Minister said he had, by doing so, done great service to global security.
This is centered on the belief in the unity of humanity and Nature.
And there is simplicity among the people of India.
I appreciate the efforts of President His Excellency Sirisena and Prime Minister Wickeremesinghe for meeting the aspirations of all the citizens of Sri Lanka.
Congratulating the people of Haryana and Delhi on the commencement of this new section of the Delhi Metro, he said he was happy to see Bahadurgarh connected with the Delhi Metro.
Anshul ji, I thank you for raising this issue.
I can provide many such instances of Good Governance, simplifying the process of Governance.
And, also meet the health care demands regionally.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Interest Subvention Scheme for farmers for the year 2016-17.
In a way, Gandhi created two sides of the same coin; one being struggle and the other, creativity.
3. Based on statistical indicator, the MoSPI will bring out national reports on implementation of SDGs.
Both leaders agreed that there is substantial scope for further strengthening bilateral cooperation across a range of sectors, including Science & Technology, Finance, Trade & Investment, and Defence & Security.
I have been told about Mamta Sharma from Bhopal.
States/ UTs can decide to implement the scheme through an insurance company or directly through the Trust/ Society or use an integrated model.
a) To create favourable conditions for long-term co-operation in the field of tourism for the mutual benefits.
It demonstrates our common resolve to keep our ties firm and steady.
A festival characterised by energy and enthusiasm, may this auspicious day bring happiness and good health in our society.
And, it is showing in numbers.
But then, Better late than Never.
• A commitment to promote the free flow of information;
• A bilateral Social Security Agreement, (SSA) was signed between India and the Netherlands on 22nd October 2009 and came into force on 15th June 2010.
Science and technology and education are two other areas, where we have a good history of cooperation, and where we can do much more.
India’s membership will deepen our bilateral cooperation and strengthen international non-proliferation efforts.
It is, therefore, important to understand mobility as a wider construct.
Under Operation संकट मोचन in July 2016, we evacuated over one hundred and fifty Indian nationals from South Sudan within 48 hours.
Modi may come and go, but this country will never let go of its UNITY & permanence, our culture will always be immortal.
14th December is “National Energy Conservation day”.
Our Government is making all efforts to increase the living standards of our 1.3 billion people, who form one-sixth of the humanity.
This is not only an issue of social media.
Registration of Motor Vehicle to be cancelled
The decision to celebrate Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas (PBD) was taken by the former Indian Prime Minister, late Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Let me congratulate you once again for leading the United National Front for Good Governance alliance to victory in last month’s parliamentary elections.
Our space programmes, including the Mars Orbiter Mission, have had immense contribution from our women scientists.
I am personally convinced and want to assure you that India is committed to protect Intellectual Property Rights of all innovators and entrepreneurs.
When a Nation embraces diversity, it can unite behind a common purpose.
Only then we can think of meeting the future needs of a layman.
You do not have to go behind the bars.
We see you as part of seamless continuum of our ties with this beautiful country.
The Prime Minister also visited the Mahaveer Phillipine Foundation in Manila.
We have also extended maternity leave from 12 weeks to 26 weeks.
In the context of BRICS, it was being said that the “I” in BRICS was shaky.
He said all of them have a unique importance, and have contributed in their own way.
The experts appreciated the unique initiative of this kind of a dialogue, which brings various stakeholders together on policy matters.
The weighted average is to be derived by sum of product of spectrum holdings and applicable SUC rate divided by total spectrum holding.
The amalgamation will help create a strong globally competitive bank with economies of scale and enable realisation of wide-ranging synergies.
And, we are pleased that the United Kingdom qualifies!
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a programme organized by the Banaskantha Cooperative Milk Producers Union (Banas Dairy) at Deesa in Gujarat.
The Operations & Maintenance expenses on new AIIMS are also fully borne by the Central Government.
The meeting was attended by the Finance Minister Shri Arun Jaitley, the Minister of State for Planning Shri Rao Inderjit Singh, the Vice Chairman NITI Aayog Shri Arvind Panagariya, and senior officers from the Union Government and NITI Aayog.
Climate change is one of the greatest challenges before mankind.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the 75th Birthday celebrations of former Union Minister, and former Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Shri Sharad Pawar, at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi.
Millions of trees are planted.
M/s DB Engineering & Consulting GmbH in consortium with M/s Louis Berger SAS and M/s Geodata Engineering S.p.A has been appointed as General Consultant (GC) for Bhopal Metro Rail Project.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today approved the setting up of a High Level Committee for implementation of Clause 6 of the Assam Accord and measures envisaged in the Memorandum of Settlement, 2003 and other issues related to Bodo community.
· 5th Meeting of BRICS Sherpas/Sous Sherpas (New York, USA)
And, I’m happy that among the beneficiaries more than one crore people are from Tamil Nadu alone.
The MoU will foster strong working relations between the ICAI & CPA Canada.
The places are within the Northern auto-cluster at ICAT-Manesar, Haryana and Southern auto-cluster at GARC-Oragadam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu and up-gradation of existing centers at ARAI- Pune and VRDE-Ahmednagar in Maharashtra for Western auto-cluster.
Today’s event is a testimony to the resolve and range of our cooperative endeavours .
Recognizing the special needs and circumstances of the least developed and land-locked developing countries in the region and underlining the necessity to provide meaningful support to their development process;
The “Central Tribal University of Andhra Pradesh” will be set up in Relli village of Vizianagaram District as provided under the Thirteenth Schedule to the Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act, 2014 (No. 6 of 2014).
In India, we have undertaken substantial reforms in the last two years to streamline and simplify governance, especially doing business in India.
He said the government is working towards empowering those engaged in the fisheries sector.
One benefit of this is cooking gas which is now becoming available to thousands of homes in Varanasi, he added.
I am delighted to welcome H.E U Htin Kyaw, President of Myanmar, and his distinguished delegation to India.
Shri Narendra Modi referred to the various projects in the power, road and other infrastructure sectors, which have progressed significantly, and brought about an improvement in the lives of the people in the city of Varanasi, and nearby areas.
He said it is indeed unfortunate that the weaknesses that had been identified in our country at the dawn of independence, have still not been entirely eradicated.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday previewed the exhibition – “Uniting India – Sardar Patel” set up by the Ministry of Culture, at National Science Centre in New Delhi.
Iran will continue to achieve new heights under the dynamic leadership of President Hassan Rouhani.
A significant side benefit has also happened.
Mr. Yang Jiechi and Mr. Ajit Doval briefed the Prime Minister on the 20th round of Talks between Special Representatives of China and India on the Boundary Question, held earlier in the day.
By 2030, 40% of our installed capacity will be based on non-fossil fuel.
The centenary of Lokmanya Tilak’s call “Swaraj is my birth right” falls this year as well.
The initial Master Agreement on Extending Credit Facility in Local Currency under the BRICS Interbank Cooperation Mechanism had a validity of five years, which has expired in March 2017.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji’s 550th Prakash Parv will be celebrated in a similar manner in all the countries of the world as well.
With the blessings of our ex-servicemen, we took the historic decision of making One Rank One Pension a reality.
They welcomed the accelerated cooperation, including through the recent announcement of a New Development Partnership during the meeting of the bilateral Strategic Partnership Council in New Delhi.
Opportunity is like oxygen to the aspirational citizen and we are keen that this is never in short supply.
He said paperless initiatives save the environment, and are therefore a great service for future generations.
Shriman Yogesh Bhadresha Ji has asked me to speak to the youth concerning their health.
The Prime Minister said the team of senior officers in Union Government are keen to explore new avenues and ways for the betterment of people.
“Anguished by the passing away of Shri Kundan Shah.
They welcomed the establishment of a Newton-Bhabha fund for joint research, capacity building and translation, noting that joint investment in UK-India research has grown from less than £1 million in 2008 to over £200 million today.
In doing so, they have set an example that is worthy of emulation.
No other country has made such a big improvement.
They shared the view that peaceful, stable and balanced relations between India and China will be a positive factor for stability amidst current global uncertainties.
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
And, built meaningful development partnerships on the solid foundation of decades of traditional friendship and historical links.
Vaisakhi will be celebrated in Punjab and in parts of western India in April; simultaneously, the twin festive connects of Jud -Sheetal and Satuwain in Bihar, and Poila Vaisakh in West Bengal will envelop everyone with joy and delight.
It brings about a harmony in the society by making the family sensitive towards society.
During the interaction, officers shared their experiences on subjects such as performance based administration, innovation in governance, waste management, river and environment pollution, forestry, sanitation, climate change, value addition in agriculture, education and skill development.
It is this diversity that makes our planet so special!
The Prime Minister said the Statue of Unity would be a fitting tribute to Sardar Patel, and would draw tourists from all over.
In the past few days the events in Gujarat, the violence unsettled the entire country.
The Prime Minister spoke about the old trade and scholarly ties between the two countries, and said Russia has stood by India through thick and thin.
This allowed one hundred per cent FDI and provided an opportunity to private players to come, invest and operate in the Indian upstream sector.
Celebrations throughout the country and globally:
We have to fulfill the dream of a well cultured India, build self confident India and excellent India.
Implementation of Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) projects under this commitment period in accordance with Suslainable Development priorities will attract some investments in India as well.
Our goods are on the Move.
India has also been a leading voice on universal nuclear disarmament since Independence.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the G-4 summit in New York City tomorrow.
He said that we feel proud that global community joined us in compilation of Bapu’s favourite bhajan, Vaishnava jan.
As a newspaper that was born when the nation embraced the Quit India Movement, may I suggest that the Dina Thanthi has a special responsibility in this regard.
It will also establish a framework for fruitful cooperation and exchange of information between the two countries in matters relating to Pharmaceutical products regulation on the basis for equality, reciprocity and mutual benefit.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the creation of four posts of Directors for four new National Institutes of Design (NIDs) at Kurukshetra (Haryana), Bhopal (Madhya Pradesh), Jorhat (Assam) and Vijayawada (Andhra Pradesh).
‘Abhinandan’ seeks to portray the assimilation of India’s performing arts traditions by Russian artistes.
Chief Minister and his colleagues closed the doors of the dam.
MoU regarding Queen Suriratna Memorial Project
We have already provided free treatment worth 700 Crore rupees to 5 lakh families under this scheme within 10 weeks of its launch.
The Prime Minister will participate in Swachh Shakti-2019 and distribute the Swachh Shakti-2019 awards.
We have just ended a session with the BRICS Business Council.
I have listen the importance you attach to technology partnership.
These include the development of retaining wall and ghat on the Mandakini River; development of retaining wall and ghat on Saraswati River; construction of main approach to Kedarnath Temple; development of Shankaracharya Kutir and Shankaracharya Museum; and development of houses for Kedarnath Purohits.
You can see it.
Government is making efforts to close all the leakages.
I also sought U.S. support to complete the reform process within a fixed time frame.
I have also promised that for those who voluntarily declare to the government their assets and their undisclosed income, then the government will not conduct any kind of enquiry.
During my visit to Sri Lanka last year I had promised the friendly people of Sri Lanka that India will work for expanding the pre-hospital Emergency Ambulance Service all over Sri Lanka.
From 2004 to 2014 there were several terror attacks.
The Telecom Commission was set up by the Government of India vide Resolution dated 11th April, 1989 with administrative and financial powers of GoI to promote rapid development in all aspects of telecommunications.
This is because we are the inheritors of Nature’s most precious gifts, and of traditions that respect them the most; and, our lives remain most connected to Mother Earth.
It is indeed an honour for us to receive you in India.
He said each of the 1.25 lakh bank branches, should encourage at least one Dalit or Adivasi entrepreneur, and at least one woman entrepreneur.
The Prime Minister called for States to focus on agriculture reforms, and e-NAM in particular.
The work of installing electric transmission lines across the North-East is progressing at a rapid pace.
He will also dedicate to Nation the West- North Inter-Region Power Transmission Strengthening Project to ensure uninterrupted power supply to Western Uttar Pradesh.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the Commonwealth Games 2018 medal winners in Table Tennis.
Not just in Kenya, but the world over.
The amendments will be as under:
I often say, if there’s a strong wind blowing, some might want to shut the window.
Government budgetary support would be 60:40 between Centre and States/UTs, 90:10 for NER and Himalayan States and 100% for UTs without legislature.
This could not have been achieved by Government alone.
A big thank you!
The MoU will further strengthen relations between ICMR and INSERM within the framework of international scientific and technological cooperation in fields of mutual interest.
Remembering him, you teach at least 125 persons about downloading the BHIM App.
The internet-enabled Connected Sharing Economy is emerging as the fulcrum of mobility.
India’s strength, especially in pharmaceuticals, can join hands with your priorities to shape an affordable and efficient healthcare system in Kenya.
It will thus improve transparency in tax matters and will help curb tax evasion and tax avoidance.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 18,000 villages that had been left unelectrified, about 13,000 were in eastern India, and 5000 in the North-East.
101 Atal Incubation Centres have been selected nationwide, out of which 31 have received the first tranche of grants.
Areas related to agrarian and rural life such as animal husbandry, cow’s welfare, separate department of fisheries have also been taken care of.
PM interacted with the newly elected Sarpanches.
He never gave up hope.
As seen from the experience of last year, these are highly useful in case of a deviant monsoon.
This is the first time after independence that the Union Cabinet has the maximum representation of women ministers.
He said we should all strive to build a nation that all Indians can be proud of.
The Mou will support creation of long-term Research, Development & Innovation collaboration mechanism and to establish and strengthen cooperative network between Indian and Finnish organizations.
Under the policy, a provision has been made for Market development assistance of Rs. 1500 per tonne of city compost for scaling up production and consumption of the product.
You need the government to grant a license to manufacture.
Apart from Centre-State relations, the Inter State Council is an appropriate forum to discuss matters which are of concern to large segments of our population.
Strengthening rural transport, last mile connectivity and public transport, automation and computerization and enabling online services.
Let this day be the beginning of a year of greater achievements in your and our nation’s life.
We should also formulate an action plan to study and map the requirements of people in large global markets and monitor new trends in fashion and textiles in these areas on a real time basis.
I am happy to be here in Mumbai, for the Third Annual Meeting of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.
The Institute will have nine Departments/Centres and will conduct 12 courses to offer diploma, certificate, graduate, post graduate, M.Phil degrees in the area of mental health rehabilitation.
The two back-to-back airline tragedies could sap the morale of any nation.
India and Sweden share warm and friendly ties.
In this context, he mentioned the various development oriented initiatives of the Government like Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Pradhan Mantri Awaaz Yojana.
May our nation be blessed with the strength to face any challenge.
FDI inflows have gone up by 40% compared with previous year’s corresponding period.
And after Independence, this festival has become a vehicle of raising social and educational awareness.
For 2016-17, we have targeted a fiscal deficit of 3.5 per cent of GDP.
Our interests are aligned across many regions.
The Prime Minister dedicated a Jal Ambulance service, and a Jal Shav Vahan service to the people of Varanasi, through a video link.
Vijay Bhai just told you that I came here straight away after a hectic foreign tour.
He will inspect the facilities in the train and address a gathering on this occasion.
This is especially helpful for people like Malay Indians, whose ancestors came here generations ago.
Newsprint was a rare commodity in those days.
A new process for appointments has been put in place under a Bank Boards Bureau.
This was evident in our productive discussions this morning.
To stop this, SEBI has to be extremely vigilant.
This is where forensic science becomes important, the Prime Minister said.
Both knowledge and skills are equally important, the Prime Minister added.
We welcomed some significant developments in bilateral relations since March, including the currency swap arrangement.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the Vice President for presenting his thoughts to the future generations through the book.
The States of Bihar and Jharkhand will arrange 40% of remaining cost of balance works amounting to Rs.243.66 crore (Bihar 212.43 crore and Jharkhand 31.23 crore) as loan from LTIF through NABARD at the rate which is not subsidised and is related to market borrowing cost with no interest subvention.
The World Bank has sanctioned a loan of USD 375 million for Jal Marg Vikas Project (JMVP) on 12.04.2017.
In Kollam, Prime Minister will inaugurate Kollam bypass on NH-66.
It is also likely to build a positive image for Indian Chartered Accountants currently working in African market and those intending to move to the African & Tanzania market.
It is a great pleasure to be here.
In response to their questions, the Prime Minister spoke at length about his vision for the development of India and especially the State of Jammu and Kashmir.
It stands for a free, open, inclusive region, which embraces us all in a common pursuit of progress and prosperity.
During the official talks, which was held in a warm and cordial atmosphere, the two Prime Ministers acknowledged that India-Malaysia relations have made impressive strides in recent years.
We consider it our privilege to be a trusted partner in meeting Tanzania’s development priorities.
He praised the event saying “Usually, we get to see such big business Summit only abroad.
Welcoming the Chief Ministers and other delegates, the Prime Minister reiterated that the Governing Council is a platform that can bring about “historic change.”
4. Joint research and developmental activities;
It is expected to emphasize and reassert India’s position as one of the global centres for moderate ideology in Islam.
I am looking forward to my discussions with President Widodo on 30 May, as also to our joint interaction with the India-Indonesia CEOs Forum.
· India has consistently been ranked as the most attractive investment destination by several global agencies and institutions.
To President Ghani and CEO Dr. Abdullah for their vision and statesmanship that can only come from great patriots.
And therefore I shall say to you ‘Smile More Score More’!
The Russian and Indian Sides being guided by the principles of transparency, sustainability and responsibility, reiterate their commitment to build effective infrastructure for the International North South Transport Corridor and implementation of the Green Corridor.
We have a target for renewable generation of 175 Gigawatt by 2022.
He said the entire Temple complex is now in the process of rejuvenation, and the results are becoming visible.
Just as thepoitiveindia.com is doing great work in spreading positivity and infusing more sensitivity into society.
Internalize the diversities of millions of denizens of India within you.
Vide Central Government’s Order dated 15.2.2002, certain categories of foodstuffs were removed from the licensing, stock limits and movement restrictions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the loss of lives due to landslide related accidents in Himachal Pradesh’s Mandi district.
We will make available our space assets and technology.
I am confident that this visit will open a new chapter in our bilateral cooperation with Germany and further deepen our Strategic Partnership.
But 26th January, 2018, will especially be remembered through the ages.
e) A unit receiving incentives under the scheme, will provide an undertaking to remain in commercial production for a period of at least 3 years.
Our constant efforts have improved India’s ranking in Ease of Doing Business.
6000 rupees will be transferred directly to the bank accounts of pregnant women who undergo institutional delivery and vaccinate their children.
0.80 ~1 .20 million tons per annum
Aiming the ball at the crooked column of stone slats- Pitthoo, playing marbles, testing one’s agility in Kho kho, spinning the top, Lattoo, or applying skills in swiftly flicking the tapered- edged wooden peg and hitting it aloft-Gilli-Danda, innumerable games were an inseparable part of each & every child’s life from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, from Kutch to Kamrup.
And now the festival of Eid is here.
The results have been encouraging.
Prime Minister of India, H.E. Shri Narendra Modi and President of People’s Republic of China, H.E. Mr. Xi Jinping held their first Informal Summit in Wuhan on April 27-28, 2018, to exchange views on overarching issues of bilateral and global importance, and to elaborate their respective visions and priorities for national development in the context of the current and future international situation.
The concern for the poor and the need to address them came to the fore as PM said,” The Government stands with the poor and its priority for them is reflected in expansion of health care services and provision of generic drugs at low prices under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Aushadhi Yojana.
India’s energy consumptionwill grow by four point two percent a year for the next twenty-five years.This is fastestamong major world economies.
So far, 61 countries have deposited their instruments of ratification, acceptance or approval accounting in total for 47.79% of the total global greenhouse gas emissions.
They have decided to give up cultivation of those crops that require a lot of water, like sugarcane and banana.
We are united in condemning the barbaric attacks in Paris this week; and, the recent bombings in Ankara and Lebanon.
· India’s investment opportunities would get a boost.
You had not met him.
Indeed, India is on the Move:
A total of more than 2 lakh people are expected to be connected with the event.
Shri Narendra Modi emphasized that the next revolution in Indian agriculture had to be built on technology and modernization; and the eastern part of India had maximum potential to achieve it.
· Moody’s has upgraded the rating of India as positive.
Identifying innovation as the cornerstone of the collaboration, both DBT and Business Finland have agreed to cooperate with Biotechnology Industry Research Assistance Council (BIRAC), the Public Sector Enterprise of the Department of Biotechnology (DBT), Government of India for funding and implementing ambitious industry-led innovative and transnational projects.
The objectives of Jal Marg Vikas Project can be fully achieved if the navigation upstream of the Farakka navigational lock is synchronized to match that downstream of the navigational lock.
And not just that, many people came to the fore and through their creativity and intelligence, exposed the rumour mongers, brought out the falsity of the rumours and established the truth.
The estimated cost of construction of the bridge is Rs. 158.65 crore, which would be funded by Government of India through ADB loan.
Although the target to reduce Stunting is atleast 2% p.a., Mission would strive to achieve reduction in Stunting from 38.4% (NFHS-4) to 25% by 2022 (Mission 25 by 2022).
I believe it is now time to take one more step forward.
They discussed the ties between India and Maldives as close neighbours bound by shared history, culture and maritime interests in the Indian Ocean.
I am, therefore, very happy that the IMF has decided to finalize the next round of quota changes by October 2017.
He talked about how more than 1.80 crore people have been enrolled under Employees Provident Fund over between September 2017 to November 2018 , over a span of just 15 months , out of which 64% are below 28years age.
Western Dedicated Freight Corridor (DFC)
He urged CSIR to create an ‘Ease of doing Technology Business’ platform to bring in right stakeholders so technologies reach beneficiaries.
The programme is expected to give impetus to economic activities within the country in terms of employment generation, human resource development and enhanced industrial capabilities.
In the course of the past three years, we have opened 316 million bank accounts for those who never had a bank account.
The plant itself will become another symbol of friendship and constructive cooperation between our two countries.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar would spur the industrial development of Odisha, and work towards technology to improve the lives of the people.
Each branch of a scheduled commercial bank shall facilitate at least two such loans.
He said public support is facilitating the move towards this goal.
Yet, even amidst the reports of these floods, some such events happened which should be remembered.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister’s address:
Our strategic intent is shaped by our civilizational ethos of:
The person suffering from depression too doesn’t speak out himself as he feels a sense of shame about it.
We have a million problems but we have a billion people who can solve them
This decision has been taken in view of the continuous poor physical and financial performance of the company for more than 10 years despite financial assistance and other support provided by government, and low probability of its revival in the future.
This Fund is still needed by a section of the Indian community in Malaysia.
The moment which underlines even today the timeless and universal values of Mahatma Gandhi.
Generations to come will thank you for it.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, addressed a public gathering at the Dussehra Mahotsav at Aishbagh Ramleela Ground in Lucknow today.
Its tourism sector is flourishing.
I would additionally like to mention, that the movement of ‘Fit India’, without any expense, is called ‘YOG’.
I assure you of my personal care in making your dreams a reality.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that democracy’s greatest strength is harmony and amity (मेल मिलाप).
“In-principle” approval for leasing out six airports of AAI viz.
All the best Jhulan.
In course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, Shri Amitabh Kant, it was noted that the installed power generation capacity in India has risen to 344 GigaWatts.
The mission aims to reduce the level of stunting, under-nutrition, anemia and low birth weight babies.
All this, combined with our conviction to do even better, gives me the confidence that India will occupy a place of pride in the World Bank report next year and in the years thereafter.
To provide impetus for uptake of PPIUCD and Post-Abortion Intra-Uterine Contraceptive Device (PAIUCD) services, proposals for provision of incentives to the acceptor of PPIUCD services and incentives on the same pattern for PAIUCD were placed before the MSG.
Implementation and success will rely on countries’ own sustainable development policies, plans and programmes.
Russia exports its modern military technologies to India.
After this meeting I felt that there are numerous options and endless possibilities.
I am sure this will go a long way in motivating medical personnel to render dedicated services to the people of these areas.
1stPhotonics Conference of BRICSCountries (30-31 May 2016, Moscow) 50.
Our Government is committed to the implementation of a uniform global standard on Automatic Exchange of Information, on a fully reciprocal basis.
This synergy in policy regimes is a reflection of areas of common interest for both India and Korea.
Investors look for growth and macro-economic stability.
We equally need to keep an eye on the rise of disruptive technologies and be prepared to leverage them for growth.
Through PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana, farmers with less than 5 acres will get Rs 6000 per annum in their bank accounts.
(ii). To accept special loan for capital intensive projects and other projects of special nature subject to the following conditions:-
He said IPPB branches have opened across 650 districts today.
On the 28th, he will attend an event on “Transforming Urban Landscape.”
The MoUaim to formalize the collaboration between the institutions for continuing the professional collaboration.
Noting that postal services are vital for the poorest sections of society, he directed the Department of Posts to work towards improvement in service delivery, especially in areas such as payment of policy benefits, money orders, postal savings accounts, and delay in delivery of post.
He said that the relationship between any two countries, should not be seen from the prism of a third.
MoU / Agreement / LoI
He quoted Chanakya to say that hard work can overcome all obstacles and help us accomplish even the most difficult of objectives.
This used to create a threat to the health as well as safety of the women in the villages.
He said toilet construction is ending social imbalances, and becoming a means of socio-economic empowerment and women empowerment.
You must have viewed an animated video depicting me, that has been widely circulated.
The Agriculture Export Policy has the following vision:
Following are the brief highlights of the speech:
Regional air connectivity and expansion of railway lines have shown marked improvement resulting in creation of job opportunities.The Prime Minister said, “When we construct roads and bridges, we do not only connect towns and villages.
Opportunities of bilateral cooperation, including joint research and development in the frontier areas of science and technology; UAE investments in setting up manufacturing industry in India and strengthening cooperation in third countries were, inter alia, discussed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra in New Delhi.
There used to be ambiguity regarding the area of the flat.
Shri Narendra Modi also brought the Sabarmati Ashram, set up by Mahatma Gandhi in Ahmedabad, to the forefront of Indian diplomacy.
A coordinated effort by the Survey of India, ISRO and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology can be transformative.
I known of a game played in Gujarat called Chomal Isto.
Men and Women brought soils from all parts of the world.
Startups will have an important role in achieving our vision.
He added that they do not want a ‘Mahamilavat’ government and it won’t be successful.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will dedicate the Sardar Sarovar Dam to the nation, at Kevadia in Gujarat on September 17, 2017.
We are all familiar with Africa’s ancient achievements.
Payment of PLB would result in motivating a large number of railway employees to improve the performance of the Railways and enhance the productivity levels further besides maintaining industrial peace.
· Insurance companies have also been advised to pay the insurance claims of people affected by Ockhi cyclone expeditiously.
While agreeing to ratify the Paris Agreement, the Cabinet has also decided that India should declare that India will treat its national laws, its development agenda, availability of means of implementation, its assessment of global commitment to combating climate change, and predictable and affordable access to cleaner source of energy as the context in which the Agreement is being ratified.
I convey my blessings to the newlyweds Bharat and Dakshaa and profusely compliment them also for having transformed their wedding occasion into an offering for the great task and thereby converting it into a new opportunity.
He said “About 14500 new houses are built at Yavatmal under PMAY.
There are grave questions in front of the poor and therefore we all have the responsibility of fulfilling this commitment for the country and to die for the country.
Since May 2014, when my Government took over, we have given top priority to develop infrastructure in Kerala.
He said the entire country can take inspiration from Indore, which has been awarded for being the cleanest city in India.
We have made India an easier place to do business.
The transfer of the properties to MoHUA would enable use of the land for public purpose.
While Jan Dhan Yojana was to bring banking to the unbanked the second reform was to bring funding to the unfunded.
Measuring over 2.8 meters and over 800 kg, the Bhagwad Gita is one of the kind in the world.
The Union Cabinet chaired by chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for signing of the MoU for cooperation in the legal field between India and Morocco, in order to share their experience and expertise in the field of law and legislation.
“Matter of immense joy and pride that the number of beneficiaries of PM Ujjwala Yojana has crossed 2 crore in less than a year!
The Government is also providing an encouraging platform for Innovative Ideas under the Start Up India Campaign.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy which is driving global growth as well.
I would be happy to see media focus a lot more, on their stories, and their achievements.
People will also be able to interact with the Prime Minister through “Narendra Modi App”.
Our states are enriched with natural resources – look at Bihar, eastern UP, West Bengal, the north east, Odisha.
Prime Minister said that to make healthcare affordable and accessible, Government launched the Ayushman Bharat scheme.
Speaking on the occasion, PM lauded the efforts of the Akshaya Patra Foundation, and said the movement that started from serving 1500 children today serves Mid Day Meal to 17 lakh children from Schools across the country.
It energised the nation and gave much needed strength to the freedom struggle.
PM will unveil the Panki Power Plant, establishment of new 660 megawatt electricity generation and distribution unit.
We have situations of plenty as well as scarcity of water.
Key points of the Scheme of amalgamation:
ASEAN alone accounts for over 20%.
We welcome the early entry into force of the Paris Climate Agreement.
Our partnership is based on democratic values and commitment to an open, inclusive and rule-based global order.
To further enhance cooperation with various countries, particularly in view of the new initiatives taken by Government of India like “Digital India”, “Make in India” etc., there is an increased need for exploring business opportunities and attracting investment in the technology sector which are of interest.
The Prime Minister thanked all participants for sharing holistic suggestions, keeping in mind India’s unique potential and requirements in the oil and gas sector, instead of merely confining themselves to the concerns of their respective organisations.
This decision gives additional HCFC allowance of 65% that will be added to the Indian baseline consumption and production.
3. Introduction of new Time Related Continuity Allowance (TRCA) will be as below:
We are trying to empower our people to realise this potential through our campaigns like Digital India and Skill India.
As an illustration, he asked them to work to prepare sportspersons who could win gold medals at the 2020 Olympics.
He said that the reason for this is that art has its own strength and message.
Globally, biofuels have caught the attention in last decade and it is imperative to keep up with the pace of developments in the field of biofuels.
The Leaders expressed happiness at the growing strength of all-round bilateral cooperation.
In addition, India has strong spinning, weaving, knitting and apparel manufacturing capacities.
FDI policy on Pharmaceuticals sector inter-alia provides that definition of medical device as contained in the FDI Policy would be subject to amendment in the Drugs and Cosmetics Act.
The total amount received will be higher by Rs. 74446.01 crore till 2034-35.
He said, it will help skill development and create employment opportunities for the youth.
You can even shoot a film these days using your mobile phone camera.
BRICS Water Forum (29-30 September 2016, Moscow) 74.
The agreement was signed on 11.4.2018 in New Delhi between the Moroccan Ministry of Energy, Mines and Sustainable development and the Ministry of Mines, Govt. of India.
I have been told that the participants will all receive a certificate.
The proposal is expected to result in reduction of three Posts of Members of the Commission in pursuance of the Governments objective of “Minimum Government – Maximum Governance”.
Prime Minister Oli and I will have the opportunity to take forward our recent wide-ranging discussions in New Delhi on issues of mutual interest, and to advance our cooperative partnership across diverse sectors.
The Prime Minister welcomed the measures being taken by the participants in raising agricultural productivity and farmers’ incomes.
The time limits have now been extended by one year from the earlier stipulated date of 31st March, 2016.
He said that the Cellular Jail, where thousands of freedom fighters suffered, is no less than a place of worship for him.
Agreement on Film-co-production between India and Israel
39. We reaffirm our commitment to collective efforts for peaceful settlement of disputes through political and diplomatic means, and recognise the role of the UN Security Council as bearing the primary responsibility for maintaining international peace and security.
The Prime Minister recalled that there was once a time when only a select few got the benefits of welfare schemes, and corruption had ruined the governance system.
He said projects related to highways, railways, power, solar energy and petroleum sector, are all underway in the State of Himachal Pradesh.
All political parties extended their co-operation.
He praised the “Go to hills, go to villages” programme of the State Government.
They have made us aware of the vast potential of technology.
“The inconvenience caused to citizens in Chandigarh, especially shutting of schools due to my visit is regretted.
That must be playing on your mind.
Pained by his demise.
I look forward to welcoming President Magufuli in India at the earliest possible opportunity.
If a government is progressive, and runs an honest and efficient administration, the biggest beneficiaries are the poor.
The Prime Minister also visited the Shaheed Sthal (New Bus Adda) Metro Station in Ghaziabad and flagged off the metro rail from Shaheed Sthal Station to Dilshad Garden.
The ‘Make in India’ effort of Indian Railways has culminated into India’s first Semi High Speed Train, “Vande Bharat Express”.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the setting up of the 15thFinance Commission.
Remembering former Chief Minister of Odisha Shri Biju Patnaik, the Prime Minister said Paradip will now become “Vikas Dweep” – the island of development for the people of Odisha.
It marked the celebrations of the 75th anniversary of Azad Hind Government, formed by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
You might have also observed that whenever we feel tired and exhausted, splashing a glass of water on our face has a wonderful rejuvenating effect.
This is helping end corruption and bring transparency in government procurement, he added.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior-most and senior-most officers are spending such a lot of time communicating with each other.
But there are very few people for whom there is pleasure in the exam; for most people exam means pressure!
Custom clearance has been made 24X7 at 19 ports and 17 air cargo complexes;
The Prime Minister said that New India is a great destination for investment, and “Destination Uttarakhand” represents this spirit.
Be it Korea or Canada, Sweden or South Africa- in every part of the world the rays of the sun were welcomed by Yogis, engaged in the practice of Yoga.
Out of these, thirteen IIMs are located at Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Kolkata, Lucknow, Indore, Kozhikode, Shillong, Ranchi, Raipur, Rohtak, Kashipur, Trichy, Udaipur.
Your institution plays an important role in institutionalizing the transparency and honesty in the country.
He said the Union Government is allocating tremendous resources for the development of Uttar Pradesh.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi made a telephone call to the President of the Republic of Indonesia H. E. Joko Widodo today.
He also called for a review of the progress towards combating the disease to be undertaken at the district level.
He said the State had immense potential for tourism, which in turn would bring prosperity to people.
Our anti-terror laws are more humane than those of any other democracy in the world.
Various Ministries have been providing special dispensation for the North East under their ongoing schemes.
This course covered beginners and intermediate-level Japanese learners, used different teaching methods and classroom teaching practices.
On this historic occasion the most important role is that of the Chartered Accountants.
At the CoP-21 will inaugurate India Pavilion, showcasing India’s harmony with nature, environment and commitment to mitigate climate change.
(ii). Exchange of information and data related to tourism.
Global best practices in this regard were also discussed.
Friends, safety in the times of crises, disasters are topics on which many messages keep coming in- people keep writing to me.
The city of Ahmedabad will greet Prime Minister Abe with an elaborate civic reception on 13th of September, showcasing the cultural diversity of India, through a series of performances.
Make your effort to be a part of it.
The Prime Minister expressed deep concern and pain at the prevailing situation in the State.
A plethora of activities were organized during this festival, which found full participation of students and adults.
As the world begins to re-order itself a quarter century after the strategic clarity of the Cold War, the dust has not yet settled on what has replaced it.
And the experience with the ruling class is different.
From 2014 to 2017, the targeted offsets obligations were 1.79 billion dollars, of which 1.42 billion dollars’ worth of offsets were realized.
“Successful launch of IRNSS-1F is an accomplishment we all take immense pride in.
We also need to add more content to it.
It sounds very simple, but in reality it is not so.
I assure you of this thing.
By misguiding the poor, enticing them through the vices of avarice and temptation, wrongfully pumping money into their bank accounts, or getting them to undertake some wrong activities, some people are trying to save their black money.
• The SSA allows exemption from double contribution to the social security system in both jurisdictions, exportability of accumulated social security benefits across jurisdictions (applicable even to the self-employed), and totalization of serving periods.
It wasalleged in the said Petition, that the Electronic Voting Machines are not reliable and that there should be some device by which the voter should get a confirmation that the vote cast by him has been recorded in favour of the candidate of his choice.
The rationale for the proposed amendments are:
We will also support rule-based, open, balanced and stable trade environment in the Indo-Pacific Region, which lifts up all nations on the tide of trade and investment.
A bond that is nurtured by our shared values and struggles.
I request you all to share your opinions and suggestions with everyone via MyGov.
• In respect of the 05 IR Bns to be raised by J&K, 60% of the vacancies will be filled from the border districts of J&K for the posts of constables and class IV.
And now, as we reintegrate more closely with Asia, we are returning to history.
This must be based on faith in dialogue, and not dependence on force.
And, we have seen the fruits of cooperation.
Nadeem Panjetan, Chief General Manager,EXIM Bank
7. We reiterate our determination to work together to strengthen multilateralism and the rule of law in international relations, and to promote a fair, just, equitable, democratic and representative international order.
He called for greater interaction between the police forces of neighbouring districts across inter-state borders.
To this extent, the two sides welcomed the conclusion of the Implementing Arrangement between the Science & Engineering Research Board (SERB) and the European Research Council (ERC).
Just come out of that exam mindset and spend half an hour with your parents.
He said that the Union Government is taking strong action against terrorism.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Cadre Review of Indian Telecommunications Service, Group Á’.
Shri Narendra Modi said that cities are growth centres which have the capacity to mitigate the problems faced by the people.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the beginning of holy month of Ramzan.
In today’s Mann Ki Baat, I want to talk about another important work of revered Bapu which maximum countrymen should know.
In a way, he is conducting a correspondence course for me even today.
And, when we speak of restraint, we must not only think of curbing fossil fuels, but also moderating our lifestyles.
This is a historic summit.
Distinguished Business Leaders,
India remains a bright spot in the subdued economic landscape across the world;
Some of my Cabinet colleagues will also interact with you.
This will be the first ever Prime Ministerial visit to Palestine from India.
The ancient wisdom of the region is our common heritage.
This is what was so special about him.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his fourteenth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
But, we know that enduring peace and prosperity are not inevitable.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Monday reviewed the functioning of official youth organizations, including the NCC, NSS, Bharat Scouts and Guides, Indian Red Cross Society, and NYKS.
“We will enlarge the ASEAN-India Science and Technology Development Fund from the current one million U.S. dollars to 5 million U.S. dollars.
More than 18 thousand Indian security personnel have lent their services in UN Peacekeeping Operations.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the proposals for
An institute for this will be set up in this Devbhoomi of Dwarka, he added.
Over sixteen thousand kilometres of gas pipeline has been constructed and an additional eleven thousand kilometers is under construction.
Earlier in the day, the Prime Minister laid a wreath at the Martyrs Column at the National Police Academy.
The proposed Agreement also meets treaty related minimum standards under G-20 OECD Base Erosion & Profit Shifting (BEPS) Project, in which India participated on an equal footing.
This is the second time I am interacting with those associated with the housing sector.
He said the call of the Quit India Movement was “Bharat Chhodo,” but the call today is “Bharat Jodo.”
It will contribute, in addition to renewable energy, to achieving India’s goal of 40% non-fossil energy by 2030.
Setting up of AIIMS-like institutions; and
1. NHM will be the principle vehicle for the UHC (Universal Health Coverage)
President Ashraf Ghanii shared with me his initial assessment of the damage.
We promote collective security through forums like Indian Ocean Naval Symposium.
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to proactively monitor the same, with sensitivity.
• The first two phases of Mission Indradhanush led to an increase of 6.7% in the full immunization coverage across the country.
My thoughts are with families of the deceased & prayers with the injured.
And as I mentioned, our country is blessed with millions and millions of the brightest of brains.
It is now a modern and vibrant city and a hub of all economic activities in the North-Eastern Region of India.
We have imparted our shared impatience to the implemntation of our earlier decisions.
In Lucknow, PM will dedicate to the nation the 400 KV Lucknow-Kanpur D/C transmission line.
And unlike waivers, PM Kisan Samman Nidhi is a long term and long lasting assistance.
Under the ATL program, more than 10,000 schools are expected to establish these labs by 2020.
It is reflected in the surge of investments from around the world; in enhanced stability of our economy; in 190 million new bank accounts of hope and inclusion; in the increase in our growth to nearly 7.5% per year; and, in the sharp rise in our ranking on Ease of Doing Business.
5. Digital Health;
A. Shastri Research Fellowship & Mobility Programme
He said the bridge whose foundation stone has been laid, is a means to reconnect with our ancient heritage.
Finally, I sincerely thank you, your delegations, and other distinguished visitors from Africa, for being here.
The time has come for all those who believe in humanity to join hands to completely eradicate terrorist networks and their financing, supply channels, and to counter terrorist ideology and propaganda.
33. Agreed to receive a Siddha practitioner from India to Malaysia under the Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation programme;
This is an independent, non-profit research institute, with a mission of Artificial Intelligence for Social Good.
The Prime Minister said that India has never attacked another nation.
“Best wishes to the people of Himachal Pradesh on their Statehood Day.
In conclusion, l wish to emphasise that the success of UN peacekeeping ultimately depends not on the weapons that the soldiers carry, but on the moral force that decisions of the UN Security Council command.
Sometimes if our heart desires to learn the trade of so called ‘small people’ then let us learn it, why not?
Yoga helps to maintain balance amidst this disintegration.
He said India Post Payments Bank is being used to expand banking services through post offices.
*and Stitch a stable and prosperous future for its people.
When combined with the previously known RED and GREEN LED, white light devices can be made that last a hundred thousand hours.
You must have heard me speak in the parliament, in public forums or Mann Ki Baat about it.
He credited officials of the Government – and Team India – for this success.
I look forward to welcoming him in India.
Prime Minister has also spoken to Jammu and Kashmir Governor Shri NN Vohra and Chief Minister Ms Mehbooba Mufti and assured all possible assistance required.
And, today, the beauty of Hindi, Tamil, Gujarati, Urdu and Telugu continues to enrich the fabric of South African society.
Your dreams are our duty.
We will work together:
Come, be a part of this movement and strengthen the efforts to create a Swachh Bharat!
1. The benefit will be given with effect from 1st July, 2014.
3. High quality, multi-disciplinary care in line with the vision of AyushmanBharat, moving away from a ‘doctor led’ model to a ‘care accessible and team based’ model.
Our relationship is also defined by the power of youth, technology and innovation.
Coincidentally, the 3rd of March is also the birth anniversary of Jamsetji Tata.
FCI presently takes working capital loans through Cash Credit Limit (CCL) at an interest rate of 10.01% and Short Term Loan (STL) at a weighted average interest rate of 9.40%, whereas the NSSF currently charges 8.8% p.a interest on its loans.
Namaste Bhawnaji, I respect your sentiments.
Our association with Agenda 2030, the Paris Climate Agreement, and the Addis Ababa Action Agenda on Financing for Development has been purposeful and productive.
The Cabinet has also approved the proposal to allow foreign portfolio investors to acquire shares through initial allotment, besides secondary market, in the stock exchanges.
The themes of Social Justice and Sustainable World Peace, chosen for the Vesak day, resonate deeply with Buddha’s teachings.
“I will be visiting the Netherlands on 27 June 2017.
This is in line with the announcement made by Finance Minister in the Union Budget 2016-17.
Hundreds of thousands of Indian professionals here and in India are contributing to the global success of U.S. enterprises.
Because our challenge is pressing, our efforts must be urgent.
He also mentioned that the President, Vice President, and himself as the Prime Minister of India have visited various African countries on more than 20 occasions, during the tenure of present Government.
Third, we need stronger commitment and closer cooperation on cyber security.
Government of Pakistan will be urged to recognize the sentiments of the Sikh community and to develop a corridor with suitable facilities in their territory as well.
In recent years, India’s engagement with the outside world has become truly and effectively multi-dimensional covering the political, economic, people to people, security and other spheres.
It also boosts the exports of the country.
I always stress that Democracy doesn’t merely mean that people vote for you and give you the contract to run this country for five years.
1. I am delighted to address the India-UK Tech Summit 2016.
Establishment of strong quality regimen
MINISTERIAL MEETINGS:
Chhath festival is associated with the worship of the sun, rivers and ponds.
The GSLV Continuation Programme – Phase 4 will meet the demand for the launch of satellites at a frequency up to two launches per year, with maximal participation by the Indian industry.
I was lucky to offer Jal Puja on that special day.
We have chosen the path which is difficult.
Given the visionary and dynamic leadership of Prime Minister Cameron and his interest in India, I am personally eager to work with the British Government and companies.
We have chosen to highlight this dimension this year.
I assure you of all possible support from the Government.
The combined GDP exceeds $4.5 trillion.
It is my appeal to my brothers and sisters that the occasion calls for a single mantra – “peace”.
“Our space programme keeps making us proud with the exemplary achievements.
In fact, the scope of discussion with teenagers is quite limited in most of the families.
· Increased economic activities would have the employment generating potential.
In conclusion, Ladies and Gentlemen, we have initiated many steps.
We will provide land and contribute approximately 30 million U.S. dollars to build the Secretariat infrastructure.
The Ministry has so far sanctioned 39.4 lakh houses under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban).
You will be glad to know that on the 17th of this month on the day of Dhanteras, the Khadi Gramodyog Bhavan store in Delhi witnessed a record sale of Rupees one crore, twenty lakhs.
He also called for greater people-to-people exchanges.
This is our path under Gandhi’s leadership.
Surf the Net to do some research on the valiant bravehearts, who have been bestowed with these honours, compose a few good lines about them and share these with your friends and companions.
Phase-2 of the project comprising of the remaining Exhibition area will be implemented by 2025.
Over one crore customers have given up LPG subsidy under ‘Give it up’ initiative.
C: Food safety
There was an environment of disruption which forced the British to finish all the equations and give us freedom; to force them to go.
We have seen how closely the power of ‘Ram Naam’, the chant of Lord Ram’s name, permeated every moment of revered Bapu’s life.
These are called big four.
To free ourselves of these habits we will have to constantly strive and persevere.
They announced a new Ease of Doing Business Partnership including several different strands of work which will provide impetus to greater investments.
He dedicated the new 750 bed annexe of Guru GobindSingh Hospital to the nation and unveiled various SAUNI projects.
It is an honour for all the ASEAN leaders to be in New Delhi for this occasion.
Beyond terrorism, we have agreed to further deepen our security engagement in the fields of cyber security, narcotics, transnational economic offenses and human trafficking.
They stressed that the primary challenge in large parts of the world remains ensuring rapid and environmentally sustainable economic development, removal of poverty, reducing inequality among and within states, and providing basic health care.
Transparency has been brought about in the entire process by making it operable online.
We aim to provide an electricity connection to every household, which will further reduce dependence on environmentally degrading forms of fuel.
We have also launched a massive campaign to ensure that our farmers convert agricultural waste to valuable nutrients instead of burning them.
Was delighted to know about the usage of technology in @Simhasth.
The Prime Minister will also lay the Foundation Stone for an International Convention Centre in Varanasi.
It maps resources upto the local level, with processing requirements.
If we talk about the three years of this government, then more than 22,000 megawatt renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
They will not come in the way of the dreams and aspirations of the Afghan people.
He said that India is making a mark in the start-up sector due to the talent of its youth.
The Prime Minister unveiled a plaque to mark the occasion.
“सबका साथ सबका विकास” can be the guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
I am sure you will get new inputs from this and a new direction to work as a Sarpanch and it will strengthen your resolve to work.
Good Evening California,
In solar energy, installed capacity has increased from 2.6 GigaWatts to 22 GigaWatts in the same period.
MeitY negotiated a comprehensive MoU for a focussed cooperation in ICT areas such as in e-Governance, HRD for IT education, Information Security, Electronics Hardware manufacturing, IT embedded Software industry, Telemedicine etc.
Shri Shanmugaratnam is one of the world’s leading intellectuals.
He gave the example of Padma Awards to say how processes can be transformed to recognise hitherto unknown heroes of society.
We have to further fortify that legacy.
Mission Statement:
He said the spiritual ties between India and Nepal have transcended both time and distance.
The habitual offenders will be forced to abandon their misdeeds and join the mainstream.
I need to share some of my thoughts with them as well.
This would also ensure that all Teachers would attain minimum qualifications as considered necessary to maintain the standard of teaching quality.
• Both sides reiterated the importance of advancing negotiations for swift conclusion of Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership negotiations.
He will be accompanied by the Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Antonio Guterres.
Without your contribution and cooperation, this journey of Mann Ki Baat would have been incomplete.
The funds of KfW will also be utilized for providing soft loans to the end-users through partner banks.
20. The President of Maldives reiterated his country’s support for India’s candidature for permanent membership of an expanded and reformed UN Security Council.
Friends, your exams begin from day after tomorrow.
The Prime Minister said that a great effort has been made consistently in Russia to appreciate Indian culture.
Singapore is a leading investor in India and several Indian companies are expanding their operations to Singapore.
You have remained connected with us despite the difficulties of distances and regulations.
We would also be happy to share best practises in organic farming with Kenyan farmers.
The Prime Minister later interacted with members of the Indian community in Ireland.
The position that Yoga has got in the world due to constant efforts made by us that position will be further strengthened with the time.
Addressing the gathering, Prime Minister said that the work for setting up City Gas Distribution network has started in 129 districts, under the 9th round of CGD bidding.
Now India has become the destination for IT development.
There has been a record production of pulses this year.
It will also mean a more successful and prosperous world.
We will keep going back to Swami Ji’s words and learn new things from them.
He started the sewage dress and cleanliness business.
In this regard, works for construction of multi modal terminals, new navigation lock, River Information System, development of fairway etc., have already commenced under the Jal Marg Vikas Project being implemented on NW-1 (River Ganga).
Our youth will learn more from – and with – each other.
To my young entrepreneur friends from India, I would like to say: each of you has something valuable to contribute towards creating a New India by 2022.
As you all know, GST is the biggest tax reform in the Indian economy.
So a lot of new people would have received the training for casting votes.
On 2 June, I will unveil a plaque at Clifford Pier, where Gandhiji’s ashes were immersed in sea on 27 March 1948.
These are milestones of progress we can build upon.
I have seen that when we get the question paper, sometimes we find that it has been modelled on a new pattern.
a) seafarers held in hostage captivity of pirates will receive wages till they are released and reach home back safely;
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) Continuation Programme (Phase 6) and funding of thirty PSLV operational flights under the Programme.
That too on the strength of just an SMS!
This will also help India to share its experience and expertise in space activities through training of officials and students from Brunei Darussalam on space technology applications.
The Prime Minister undertook the aerial survey of the flood affected areas.
Our defence ties are among the strongest for both.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved implementation of Bhopal Metro Rail Project comprising two corridors of total length 27.87 Km (i) Karond Circle to AIIMS (14.99 Km) and (ii) Bhadbhada Square to RatnagiriTiraha (12.88 Km) which will connect major public nodes and city cluster areas of Bhopal.
The Prime Minister touched upon subjects such as cyber-security, digital technology and social media, and said police officers should use emerging technologies effectively in their work.
The companies will also adopt villages for promoting the use of compost.
He said GST would help reduce corruption in collection, as well as the cost of collection.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Jharkhand and Odisha on 5th January 2019.
You represent thousands of years of the shared culture and civilization, geography and history, aspirations and achievements of the great sons and daughters of India and Myanmar.
Information on progress of schemes such as Saubhagya and Ujala has been made available, he said.
The MoU shall remain valid for a period of five (5) years.
He noted that India is making rapid strides towards a gas based economy.
I am happy that India has completed its promise in a timely manner and we have marked today the beginning of the second phase of the Service.
I have seen this from the moment I assumed office as Prime Minister.
Over millennia, the East Coast of Africa has had strong maritime links with India.
Our emphasis has been on reducing Govevrnment and enhancing Governance.
Reaffirmed the commitment to reinforce and build upon the successes and achievements of existing bilateral cooperation,
·During the last three years of the previous government, it spent nearly Rs. 4,000 on the renewable energy.
The last five years have seen major reforms in India’s oil and gas sector.
These parts have to grow further.
The broad areas of collaboration are:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condemned the terror attack in New York City.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will join the programme to mark the conclusion of the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow.
The Tech Summit aims at strengthening our strategic partnership for mutual gains based on our shared technological prowess and scientific knowledge.
Benches of Adjudicating Authority may sit in Kolkata, Mumbai and Chennai, and the necessary notification in this regard shall be issued after making consultation with the Chairperson of the proposed Adjudicating Authority.
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains of Himalaya or be it desert area singed by sunlight, Yoga is flourishing the life in every situation.
A new monetary policy framework has been introduced by law with an inflation target.
Large Hydropower Projects to be declared as Renewable Energy source (as per existing practice, only hydropower projects less than 25MW are categorized as Renewable Energy).
As a lead up to the Partners’ Forum, a delegation of the Partnership for Maternal, Newborn and Child Health (PMNCH), including Shri J. P. Nadda, Union Minister of Health & Family Welfare, Dr. Michelle Bachelet, former President of Chile and former Board Chair of PMNCH, and renowned actor and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador Ms. Priyanka Chopra met the Prime Minister during the Curtain Raiser on 11th April 2018, wherein the PM graciously agreed to be Patron of the PMNCH Forum.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the exchange of scattered plots of land of Directorate General of Lighthouses & Lightships (DGLL) with land of M/s JSW Jaigarh Port Limited at Jaigarh Lighthouse, Ratnagiri, Maharashtra.
He said the Constitution has stood the test of time, and proved the naysayers wrong.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the MoU signed on July 08, 2016 between India and South Africa for promoting bilateral cooperation in the field of Information and Communication Technologies (ICT).
Here, it’s not difficult for you to gather information about India.
• introducing a very robust convergence mechanism
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, was apprised about an MoU signed in May, 2018 between India and Brazil.
Vedas, describe the Earth and the Environment as the basic sources of energy.
They reaffirmed their commitment to supporting the Intergovernmental Negotiations [IGN] for comprehensive reform of the Security Council.Both Leaders underscored the need for strengthening and reform of multilateral financial institutions and enhancing the voice and participation of developing countries in international economic decision-making.
The required training to students and faculty from Afghanistan would be imparted by MHRD, Government of India.
He also talked about how NRIs can contribute to the success of Mahatma Gandhi’s dream, Swachh Bharat.
The Prime Minister spoke of his visit to the Tsunami memorial – Wall of Lost Souls – just before arriving for this function.
There will be 3 Railway Over Bridges, 2 Flyovers, 3 Vehicular Underpasses, 8 Major Bridges and 17 Minor Bridges on this section of National Highway.
The reform of the Security Council within a fixed time frame has become an urgent and important task.
These measures are a part of the Government’s efforts to ensure greater social justice and inclusion for members of the Other Backward Classes.
India is seeing remarkable progress in the last four years.
But more than that there have been very powerful non-financial steps.
He will also inaugurate a dialysis centre at Bijapur Hospital.
We will continue our commitment to deal with the implications of the digital economy and, within that context, to ensure the fairness of the international tax system particularly towards the prevention of base erosion and shifting of profits, exchange of tax information, both on request and automatically, and needs-based capacity building for developing countries.
The Prime Minister said that mining blocks which have been successfully auctioned, should start production at the earliest.
PM greets the nation on Lohri
I hope to see you in Paris for CoP-21 and the Solar Alliance.
Following is the text of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s statement prior to his departure to Mozambique, South Africa, Tanzania and Kenya.
Giving examples from some States, he said each district in India should have its own “Agri-Identity.”
Our United Payments Interface system or UPI along with BHIM App and RuPay Card has shown the true potential of digital economy in India.
President and I also agreed to build a strong economic and development partnership that strengthens the flow of ideas, trade, capital and people between our two countries.
If in your tenure all the targeted children get vaccination and if they remain healthy in future then after 20-25 years you will have a sense of proud of getting your village vaccinated to a tune of 100 percent.
We the leaders of Bangladesh, Bhutan, Myanmar, Nepal, Sri Lanka and Thailand wish to express our profound appreciation of the initiative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to invite BIMSTEC Leaders’ to the BRICS-BIMSTEC Outreach Summit, and for the warm hospitality and excellent arrangements during the Summit.
The current membership of APTA consists of six countries or Participating States (PSs), namely, Bangladesh, China, India, Lao PDR, Republic of Korea, and Sri Lanka.
Greater sensitivity of the European Union to India’s commercial interests and challenges will help us resume discussions on India-EU Broad-based Trade and Investment Agreement.
Leaving home for the first time, moving out of one’s village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of one’s life.
The extension of Delhi Metro corridor from Noida City Centre to Noida Sector 62 is the extension to Dwarka-Noida City Centre line of Delhi Metro system which will result into people being assured about their mobility and thus more people will like to move to this satellite town of Delhi, thus decongesting Delhi.
20.Welcomed with satisfaction the successful conclusion of the Climate Change Conference held in Paris in December 2015 and applauded the signing by both countries of the Paris Agreement on April 22, 2016.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratification of protocol amending the Agreement between India and China for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to taxes on income.
Luckily I got another chance to celebrate Deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel.
Similarly, about the incidents that took place in Kashmir and all that happened in Kashmir, all political parties in the country collectively expressed their views in one voice.
Under HELP, Blocks are to be awarded twice in a year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with over 230 youth who have been working in rural areas under the Prime Minister’s Rural Development Fellows (PMRDF) Scheme of the Ministry of Rural Development.
He said these teams had successfully broken silos, and presented fresh ideas and suggestions.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Philippines in the field of agriculture and related fields.
Make in India has become the biggest brand that India has ever had.
The Prime Minister warmly recalled his successful visit to Malaysia last year for the ASEAN and related Summits, as well as for a bilateral visit.
He always hoped that the governments in India would follow the Constitution without discriminating against different castes.
There should be a resolve to isolate those who harbour terrorists and willingness to stand with nations that will fight them honestly.
I have had the opportunity for discussions with both dignitaries during their visits to India in 2016.
An Inter-Governmental MoU on Joint Technical and South-South Cooperation to provide a framework for collaboration will be signed between Ministry of Rural Development (MoRD) and FAO to improve the effectiveness of rural development programmes in India and to facilitate knowledge sharing.
But, this time after the decision taken on the 8th instant, people rushed to deposit their old currency notes.
You would be surprised if any work in our country is completed on time as per our imagination.
And, as Afghans take responsibility for their future, the world must stand with them in solidarity and support.
We need to ensure that we build it to best available standards of disaster safety.
The Visiting Singapore PM Lee Hsien Loong in an op-ed titled, “Revive a millennial partnership: Singapore has played a major role in India’s closer integration with ASEAN” published in the Times of India today writes that the age old trade, commerce and cultural linkages between India and ASEAN have played a major role in giving a boost to the ties.
We commend the African Union on choosing 2018 as the year of combating corruption.
It is a delight to learn that till now, under the Digi-Dhan Yojana, ten lakh people have been rewarded, over fifty thousand traders have won prizes and an amount of almost over a hundred & fifty crores rupees has been earned as prize money by people who have promoted and carried forward this great campaign.
This entire movement has become a people’s movement.
These are as follows:
The Government’s decision has several gains for farmers, traders, labourers, who are the economic backbone of our nation.
Later, I will also pay my respects to the courageous Indian soldiers who laid down their lives during the liberation of Haifa in 1918.
• Sixth, we have introduced the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana.
As per the existing Act, it was required to have the representation of dentists registered in Part B as Central Government nominees in the Dental Council of India and the election of four/ two members from Part B to the State/ Joint State Dental Councils.
3. The Agreement also provides for Mutual Agreement Procedure “for resolving any difference or for agreeing on procedures under the Agreement.
The Prime Minister presented five business excellence awards to Dalit entrepreneurs.
He recalled that it is difficult to hear a complaint escape their lips.
The Agreement is also expected to facilitate trade and ensure efficient clearance of goods traded between the countries.
Some students even wrote that they would rather go without celebrating birthday but the toilet must be constructed.
They kill and destroy more in their own land and among their own people than they do elsewhere.
The Agreement provides for competitive research grants to Indian and Russian researchers for joint implementation of research projects in areas of Basic and Exploratory Sciences.
We strongly condemn it.
Therefore, the units and other associated facilities were lying unutilized.
The Prime Minister said that in the last four years, India has witnessed unparalleled transformation.
Under the Arrangement, the Joint Committee would identify, synergise and define priorities for Indo-French cooperation in science, technology and innovation aimed to achieve economic and social development through research, development and innovation.
This year, India fared well in Athletics too.
The twin canals have a common bank and were constructed in the 1960s as lined (brick) channels to convey water to command areas in Punjab and Rajasthan.
Bilateral trade has grown 17% last year.
They underlined that this example of successful bilateral collaboration illustrated the long-standing cultural ties and enduring collaboration between India and France in rediscovering, preserving and promoting our shared cultural heritage.
The first of these is the 14 lane, access controlled, Phase-I of the Delhi-Meerut Expressway, stretching from Nizamuddin Bridge to Delhi UP Border.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described it as an honour to unveil the bust of Bapu at Yonsei University.
He also visited the chocolate plant and was briefed on the various technologies used, and products being made there.
Trade ties between India and Russia can increase even further, to benefit not only our two nations but also the world.
This has three benefits- on the one hand self-employment has empowered them; on the other, the Maoist infested region is witnessing a transformation.
Speaking on the occasion he said, “Today is a new chapter in the history of the Northeast and the fast-paced development of this region has been a top priority for my government,” He added that Assam is on the path to progress.
I am glad that today, an auspicious opportunity allows me to share some thoughts with you.
(iii) That the Madhya Pradesh Government will pay the occupation charges on 0.89 acre already in possession at the present land rates, till it is surrendered by Govt. of Madhya Pradesh to L&DO/MoHUA.
Both Sides consider the goal of developing an economic component of SCO as an important one, including realization of transportation and infrastructure projects aimed at providing interconnection within the SCO Organization and with observers, partner countries, as well as other interested states.
The Prime Minister said the steps taken by the Government would strengthen the hands of the common citizens in the fight against corruption, black money and counterfeit notes.
Out of the total 61.679 km, 22.359 km will be built underground and 39.320 km will be constructed as elevated section.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play a major role in Asia’s emergence.
Your Excellency President Xi Jinping,
UDAY is a path breaking reform for realizing the Hon’ble Prime Minister’s vision of affordable and accessible 24×7 Power for All.
As far as disasters are concerned, this country has borne the brunt of many a natural as well as man made disaster, such as chemical & industrial mishaps.
(21). Bio-Toilets may be provided where toilets constructed in slum areas cannot be connected to sewer lines.
After attaining Sannyas, in a very little age of 8 years, he dedicated 80 years of his life to strengthen his country and his society.
Among the projects to be dedicated are the Varanasi City Gas Distribution Project, and the Varanasi-Ballia EMU train.
I once again express my gratitude for accepting my invitation to visit India.
e. Promoting voluntary tax compliance.
India, too, has many in the region and beyond.
The Prime Minister expressed satisfaction at the progress in bilateral relations since his visit, including in the hydro-power sector.
You have all been given a feedback form.
It indicates that we should ensure justice for the poor, equal opportunity for all to move ahead, our lower middle class, middle class and higher middle class should not face any obstacle in their growth, the Government should not come in the way, social systems should not curb their dreams.
My dear Countrymen, right from the beginning since I have started the programme ‘Mann Ki Baat’, I have been receiving a lot of suggestions on one issue, and in most of those, people have expressed concern about food wastage.
It leads to transparency and accountability in the governance and fosters equitable growth.
HarivanshJi belongs that tradition of Wordsmiths who have built a special recognition for themselves.
This network will also explore new learning technologies, including virtual network to deepen cooperation, exchange of information and capacity building.
The Tiranga Yatras will be held till 23rd August in which 75 ministers will visit 150 places associated with the freedom struggle.
But it gives heart burns and pain.
That is why India’s vision of Indian Ocean Security is cooperative and inclusive, rooted in security and growth for all in the region.
There are many connectivity initiatives in the region.
Closing ceremony of PBD will be held tomorrow on January 23, 2019 where President RamnathKovind will confer PravasiBharatiyaSamman to select overseas Indians for their contributions.
The meetings of the Forum for India-Pacific Islands Cooperation, or FIPIC, have bridged the distance of geography through shared interests and action.
We are retracing our ancient maritime and land routes with the natural instincts of an ancient relationship.
Brothers and sisters, This government has worked to strengthen the institutional probity in the country.
In this respect, we will work to build trade and transit links through Chahbahar port in Iran.
The different models of outsourcing operations which were attempted have not been successful.
Compared to last three years, we have received 67 per cent more FDI in this year.
In order to uproot social ills in the state, the world’s longest human chain spanning over thirteen thousand kilometers was formed.
He emphasized that corruption has adversely impacted the aspirations of the poor and the middle class.
Allah is Rahman and Raheem,” the Prime Minister said.
Thus, the Indian defence-industrial sector will have the opportunity to fulfill the needs of national security agencies in this category of small arms, resting upon advanced Russian technologies.”
In doing so, the portal is expected to help catalyse greater collaboration towards the service of the weaker sections of society, especially by leveraging the benefits of technology.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met Russian President Vladimir Putin at the 18th Annual India Russia Summit at St. Petersburg.
So, if our dreams are big and magnificent, exams will become a joyful experience.
To exchange visits of Tour Operators / Media / Opinion Makers for promotion of two-way tourism 7.
In the heart of our national capital, it is a fitting tribute to Dr. Ambedkar.
No country is made by leaders or governments.
This proximity of their memorials in Washington mirrors the closeness of ideals and values they believed in.
There are no funds.
57. The Sides reaffirmed their commitment to fully implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
I will remember that meeting forever.
The scheme will catalyse quality research and address shortage of faculty in the premier education institutions.
The aerodynamic characterization of crew module has b3een completed as part of GSLV Mk-lll X mission flight.
The Prime Minister also presented President’s Police Medals for Distinguished Service to IB officers.
The Prime Minister also paid tribute to Bharat Ratna, Shri M. Visvesvaraya, on his birth anniversary.
We are constructing a high speed rail corridor between Mumbai and Ahmedabad which will be more energy efficient than air travel.
The two Prime Ministers agreed that the only way to de-escalate the crisis in eastern Ukraine was the full implementation of the Minsk measures by all parties to the agreement.
We welcome the growing cooperation in energy among BIMSTEC Member States.
I will have wide-ranging talks with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and interact with business leaders and captains of industry from both countries.
And as was decided much earlier, the Digimela will be brought to a culmination on the 14th of April, the birth anniversary of Baba Saheb Ambedkar.
U Aung Hla Tun, Vice-Chairman (1)
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with 30 Saudi CEOs and Indian business leaders in Riyadh.
He witnessed a camel show performance by the BSF.
In fact, the then British Government was fearful of the Indian Vernacular Press.
India is one of the largest potential borrowers of AIIB’s resources.
Demonetistion has dealt a severe blow to these trades.
Mr. Prakash Tripathi from Chidambaram in Tamil Nadu emphasizes the need for good teachers at primary level.
The membership of SlCI has expanded from the original four founding members to 35 Canadian Universities and 54 Indian Institutions including some of the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs), Indian Institutes of Technology (lITs), National Law Schools, National Museum institute, apex bodies & institutions of research and premier Central and State Universities.
How have things changed?
In particular, he said that India’s rising middle class, and the policy-driven initiatives of the Government, are opening up several win-win opportunities for all stakeholders in the food processing ecosystem.
My deepest condolences.
You have chosen to visit India despite many preoccupations in your region.
Some of the major schemes of this kind include Post Matric Scholarship, National Overseas Scholarship, National Fellowship, Top Class Education, Concessional Loans from National Scheduled Tribes Finance and Development Corporation, Hostels for ST boys and girls etc.
Another nine have agreed to do so.
These projects include the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor, and the Char Dham Mahamarg Vikas Pariyojna.
The Government has taken stock of the availability of sugar and different factors contributing to rise in market prices of sugar across the country.
The MoU was signed by Shri Anand Kumar, Secretary, Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, Government of the Republic of India and H.E. Mr. Lorenzo ANGELONI, Italian Ambassador to India.
I see you are having a good time.
And, you need the government even to grant permission to export.
A lot of garbage was being dumped into the river and along its banks.
Will this not make every Indian feel proud.
It is important to understand market trends among the rural sections.”
He said that as new laws are made, old ones should be reviewed and weeded out if found unnecessary.
And, we can progress more by learning from each other.
7. Underlined the importance of holding regular meeting of the Ministers of Trade and Industry of both countries;
Seven agreements were exchanged between the two countries, covering subjects such as energy, security and civil aviation.
• An outlay of Rs.100 crore has been earmarked in the North Eastern States for police infrastructure upgradation, training institutes, investigation facilities etc.
It is this thought of Sri Aurobindo which is uniting the country and taking it ahead.
In less than four years, we have issued 144 more licenses through a much more transparent and predictable process.
We reaffirm our commitment to the United Nations, as the universal multilateral organisation entrusted with the mandate for maintaining international peace and security, advancing global development and promoting and protecting human rights.
President Ghani also briefed the Prime Minister about the terrorist attack in Mazar-e-Sharif and expressed support at the loss of lives and property in the earthquake in India.
The Setting up of Medical College in Sayli in Silvassa will improve tertiary care facilities in both Dadra & Nagar Haveli and Daman & Diu, and adjoining areas.
The program also aimed at promoting unity and reconciliation among Rwandans based on the cultural principle that if a cow is given from one person to another, it establishes trust and respect between the giver and beneficiary.
It needs efficiency in energy use.
The engagement of the Indian Expert under the TiWB programme will give impetus to India’s support in capacity building in tax matters in developing countries.
• We have notified the regulations for the Alternative Investment Funds;
1.At the invitation of His Excellency Mr. Enrique Peña Nieto, President of the United Mexican States, His Excellency Mr. Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India paid a working visit to Mexico on 8th June 2016, with the objective to continue the dialogue held by the two leaders on the margins of the 70thregular session of the United Nations General Assembly on 28th September 2015.
Hence we are also planning to continue with those schemes which enable a common man to lead his life with pride, respect and dignity.
He raised the question: why is our country backward even so many decades after independence.
India will continue to deepen bilateral security partnerships in ASEAN and with other EAS partners.
An India where opportunities are created and harnessed to the advantage of the needy.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated, or laid the foundation stone of important projects, cumulatively worth over Rs. 900 crore, in Varanasi.
That is when, in Dhanera in the Banaskantha District of Gujarat, volunteers of Jamiat-Ulema-e-Hind cleaned twenty-two affected temples and two mosques in a phased manner.
It is envisaged as a 9 MMTPA Refinery cum Petrochemical Complex.
It will enhance their skills and improve the quality of their policy inputs.
Your Majesty,
The successful test firing of Agni V is the result of the hardwork of DRDO and its scientists.
In August 1971, our countries signed the Treaty of Peace, Friendship and Cooperation, which outlined fundamental principles of mutual relations such as respect for each other’s sovereignty and interests, good neighborliness and peaceful co-existence.
• of schools turned into graveyards of innocence;
She explained in detail, the difficulties being faced by people in various parts of the State due to the shortage of drinking water.
As a follow-up to Prime Minister’s exhortation to Secretaries to come up with ideas for transformative change in various areas of governance, on Thursday (21st January, 2016), two Groups of Secretaries presented their ideas and suggestions on (a) Accelerated Growth with Inclusion and Equity (b) Employment Generation Strategies, to the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
Security forces are keeping a tight vigil on our borders.
Not only this, earlier if there were any losses, there was the norm according to which one would be entitled for compensation only if the losses suffered were at least 50 per cent.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has given its approval to the Cabinet note on the proposal for official Amendments in The Constitution (Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes) Order (Amendment) Bill, 2016 so as to modify the list of Scheduled Tribes (STs) of Chhattisgarh.
I conclude by thanking you for this opportunity to share my thoughts.
Under Article 280 (1) of the Constitution,it is a Constitutional obligation.
The efforts have borne fruit.
Smart City Command and Control Centres use digital technology to integrate different service networks.
Today I want to impress upon you that we end up losing our peace of mind by trying to escape from rules and regulations.
It should spread the idea of peace along with respect for unity and integrity of the nation.
This will bring about a convergence between India’s flagship programmes such as “Digital India”, “Start-Up India” and “Smart City” with Japan’s “Society 5.0” to promote societal benefits.
The concessional financing system to Bangladesh would strengthen bilateral relations and development cooperation between India and Bangladesh.
Sr. Gen. U Min Aung Hliang briefed the Prime Minister about bilateral defence and security cooperation.
The National Security Chiefs briefed the Prime Minister about their deliberations at the meeting.
What exactly should we do in order to ensure a change in our lives, simultaneously contributing our bit in taking our country & society forward?
The Memorandum of Understanding with Maldives will be instrumental in increasing arrival from this important source market.
Today, India’s success story can be define in just four letters.
Taking into account the regulatory requirements of IFSCs and the provisions of the existing laws of financial sector, the Department of Economic Affairs (DEA), Ministry of Finance (MoF) has prepared a draft Bill to set up a separate unified regulator for IFSCs.
The total GDSs have been brought under two categories viz.
The MoU will also facilitate exchange of information, experts meetings, seminars, technical visits and implementation of jointly agreed cooperation, projects.
The article has been published in the leading dailies from the ASEAN member nations.
The MoU in the form of Joint Declaration of Intent signifies an important landmark in the civil aviation relations between India and Germany, and has the potential to spur greater trade, investment, tourism, and cultural exchanges between the two countries.
The Prime Minister mentioned the judicious use of man, money, machine, material and minutes (time) as an important principle of sound economic policy, and said GST would aid in achieving this.
Let us ignore the temporary hardship
India invented the concept of ‘zero’ and the ‘decimal system’ more than two thousand years ago.
Three, in the area of trade, we should focus on,
We would wish to see more clean energy funding, particularly in solar energy, from the NDB.
The Prime Minister appreciated the thoughts and suggestions expressed by the officers.
This will also be a more environment friendly arrangement as less coal will be used to produce more power and also the distance for transportation of coal would be optimized.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the newly dedicated bridge will improve transportation, and the economic situation of people in the area.
Dedicates to nation the Medical Colleges at Hazaribagh, Dumka and Palamu
Flag-ship initiatives such as ‘Make in India’, ‘Skill India’, ‘Digital India’, ‘Clean India’ have contributed to visible socio-economic growth.
Our youth are developing apps that are making the dream of paperless, cashless, presence-less, and yet safe and secure, transactions possible for all.
He said their work helps establish the country’s corporate culture.
We have four times as many Nations.
• We have increased the validity period of defence industrial licences up to eighteen years from three years;
At that time, these parameters which reverse the growth trajectory of the nation were the favourite of a handful of people.
How such a massive fund will be arranged, how so many pipelines will be laid?
India’s former President Shriman Abdul Kalamji used to speak of Nanaji’s contribution in rural development while talking to the youth.
The Prime Minister will join thousands of volunteers, performing Yoga asanas in the lawns of Forest Research Institute, Dehradun, located in the lap of the Himalayas.
The Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to UK last year in November, and appreciated the follow up action taken on the outcomes of the visit.
Congratulating the Prime Minister on the recent election results, Mr. Cook talked about his visit to India, and said he had been received with great warmth.
This has been the practice.
I would like to assure that the steps taken by the Government would help India move into a new league in the years to come.
Dr. Ernest Moniz, Secretary of Energy, United States; and Prof. Steven Chu, former US Secretary of Energy were present at the roundtable meeting.
And everyone should try.
10-year-old Abhinav Shaw hailing from Asansol is the youngest gold medallist in the Khelo India Games.
38. Reaffirming the importance of strategic engagement of India in regional initiatives to shape an open, transparent and inclusive regional order and ASEAN’s centrality in the evolving regional architecture, welcomed the enhanced relations between ASEAN and India, especially since the elevation of the partnership to a strategic status at the ASEAN–India Commemorative Summit in 2012 in New Delhi;
The country salutes the indomitable courage of Meenaji, wife of Martyr PrasannaSahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
4. Development of inter-modal transport, logistics parks and freight terminals;
The soul then left for infinity.
He complimented the Indian Community for retaining its sense of Indian-ness, as reflected in the cultural performances on this occasion.
And some day, the Pundits of Economics, Pundits of Management and Pundits of Technology, will certainly undertake researches and write about India’s GST experiment as a model for the world.
Quoting from scriptures, the Prime Minister said that if we do not take the right step at the right time, we do not achieve desired results.
Several other Projects to be unveiled by PM
With this objective, an extensive exercise was undertaken to redesign laws and re-engineer government processes to make business environment simpler and more conducive.
He said India’s growing economy, and rising neo middle class, create immense investment possibilities.
He said that as work progresses in India, in these areas, one of the targets is “Solve for India, Solve for the World.
Azad’s courage and passion for freedom inspired the youth of the day.
Skill India has led to transformational change in India’s vocational training ecosystem.
There are now over 120 million subscribers.
He said relatively junior officers in States must spend adequate time in field visits, so that they are aware first-hand about issues on the ground.
We have transformed India into one of the most open economies in the world today.
The Prime Minister said that it was Jatayu – a character in the Ramayana – who fought terrorism first.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
• mapping of various Schemes contributing towards addressing malnutrition
With this belief I once again convey my greetings to Raman Singh Ji and his team.
The Prime Minister said, these books resonate his “Divya Vani” which reflects the urge to give back to the society.
India and USA have strong business relations with each other and both the countries have been in regular discussions at various political and official levels.
This two decade old forum must not only focus on prosecution of offenders involved in corruption but also modify their Standard Operating Procedures to more effectively target the proceeds of corruption.
I can see that 2017 to 2022 presents itself as a new time segment of five years for attainment through resolve.
The AARDO, which has its headquarters in New Delhi, is an autonomous, inter-Governmental organization established in 1962 with the objective of promoting cooperation among the countries of the African – Asian Region in the direction of eradicating thirst, hunger, illiteracy, disease and poverty in the region.
He also spoke of the importance of Inter-State Coordination to curb unlawful activities.
1. Promote co-operation between firms in the FinTech sector;
This line got damaged after the disaster of 1964 but for over fifty years, no attention was paid to this line.
I also compliment our State governments for their efforts.
The Agreement will provide for exchange of information between the two Contracting Parties as per latest international standards.
We will help connect Africa from Cairo to Cape Town, from Marakesh to Mombassa; help develop your infrastructure, power and irrigation; help add value to your resources in Africa; and, set up industrial and information technology parks.
The Prime Minister spoke of Sardar Patel’s vision of a strong and inclusive India, and said the Union Government is working towards making this dream a reality.
More Technology Business Incubators have been established in the last four years than in the forty years before that, he added.
Our cooperation also secures our cities and citizens from terrorists, and protects our critical infrastructure from cyber threats.
Increase the off-take in EWS and LIG segments under existing Pradhan MantriAwasYojana (Urban) – Housing for All Mission;
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval for renewal of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Canada for cooperation in Higher Education.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a function organised by Bharatiya Micro Credit for distribution of e-rickshaws in Lucknow.
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
Not many of you may recognize, but there is one contribution of your ancestors, that you should be proud of.
Gifts were exchanged during the meeting.
I am like any common citizen.
As we work on this important issue in G20, I wish to highlight a few points.
The Prime Minister also inaugurated the Smart Net Portal, and Smart City Projects of Pune.
I commend President Xi for ably steering the BRICS Chairmanship for the year 2017, and for his warm welcome and hospitality in this beautiful city of Xiamen.
He declared that this navigation system will be known as NAVIC – “Navigation with Indian Constellation.”
The areas covered by this project are Thane, Palghar, Raigad and Mumbai districts of Maharashtra.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with the winners of the Pradhan Mantri Rashtriya Bal Puraskar 2019.
He said technology would be used extensively with this scheme to ensure early settlement of claims, and exhorted farmers to take benefit of this scheme.
The country has many states and a Central Government.
Our companies are entering into a long-term agreement for the supply of high speed diesel to Bangladesh.
In October 2014, I had appealed to all Indians to buy at least one Khadi garment.
He added that Varanasi is a shining example of women empowerment.
This is the need of the hour.
It offers several valuable by-products, such as bee wax.
I recall, my childhood and youth, when I had seen many mothers struggling with the fire-wood stove in the kitchen.
You will be surprised to know that since the time we have been engaged in this campaign for cleansing the system, and plugging leakages; there were six crore bogus beneficiaries who had never been born, who never existed on the earth but the money was being sent in their names – somebody was the beneficiary of Ujjwala Scheme, some beneficiary of the gas connection scheme with a duplicate gas connection; somebody was taking benefits through bogus ration cards; somebody was the beneficiary of scholarship scheme; someone else was the beneficiary of pension scheme.
Leading lights from the oil and gas sector are attending PETROTECH 2019.
Memorandum of understanding in the field of elections between the Election Commission of India and The Union Election Commission of Myanmar.
Next year, that is in 2017, India is hosting the Under-17 FIFA World Cup.
India is rapidly urbanizing and has set itself a goal of establishing 100 smart cities.
“Called President Emmanuel Macron to convey my congratulations on his victory in the French Presidential election.
This will help provide better health and maternity care for the weaker sections of the society.
India has earned a good name for its well-regulated securities markets.
This subsidy was being provided to rich and poor alike.
Partnership for Prosperity
Regular meetings of the Monitoring Committee may be organised in various States with State Chief Secretaries and PWD officials to enable speedy and good construction.
In the year 2001, Atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
Background
Union Minister for Law and Justice, Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad appreciated the Supreme Court for this digital innovation.
This is an important cause of climate change which is now affecting us adversely in many ways.
Exim Bank raises resources in the off-shore market in diverse currencies and swaps to mitigate the risk.
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
We have offered to scale up the power supply from Moreh in Manipur to Tamu in Myanmar.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Macedonia on cooperation in the field of Health.
• 63,000 kilograms of explosives including RDX and more than one lakh Grenades were seized.
He said the PRAGATI initiative is a great positive force for our federal structure.
I am thankful to Bhai Prakash ji for beginning his long letter with the sad departure of Kalpana Chawla.
The authorized capital of the company as on 31st March 2017 is Rs. 60 crores, while the paid up capital is Rs. 59.20 crores.
We have brought two hundred million people into the banking system through the Jan Dhan Yojana.
The conflict in the first theme is among humans, religions, communities and nation-states, also between non-state actors and states, and even the world.
The Prime Minister said that it is not enough to rest on past laurels, but is also important to adapt to emerging challenges.
No other country in the world has jumped forty-two spots to reach at the hundredth spot in the World Bank’s ease of doing business ranking in such a short span of time.
That is why, we refer to the media, as the fourth pillar of democracy.
We know that old rivalries can play out in new theatres such as space and cyber.
There was a time when the news reports would read- Air Force wanted to do surgical strike after 26/11 but UPA blocked it.
What then should be the new form of structural engineering?
We enhanced the FDI limits to 49% in Defence and Insurance.
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates dropped in during the Prime Minister’s meeting with French President Francois Hollande.
The beneficiaries, mostly women, thanked the Prime Minister for their new good quality houses, easy availability of credit and corruption free processes associated with PMAY-G scheme.
Meeting of BRICS Senior Officials for Anti-Corruption 93.
However much one cherishes all kinds of food, one has to sacrifice that.
This is a story that I haven’t told publically and very few people know, but early on in our history – before things were really going well and we had hit a tough patch and a lot of people wanted to buy Facebook and thought we should sell the company – I went and I saw one of my mentors, Steve Jobs.
How to convert these theories into machineries?
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Agreement on Labour Co-operation between India and Saudi Arabia.
The participants stressed that the food processing sector is vital for raising farm productivity, food and nutrition security, creating jobs, and adding value to agricultural produce.
The MoUs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
The Prime Minister said that the Central Government has given a huge thrust on improving the infrastructure in the region.
· 9th Technical National Statistics Offices of the BRICS Offices – 13 to 15 March (Pretoria)
The support of central government for PDPS will be given as per norms.
Different members expressed their views on the issues related to the propagation of Hindi language.
6. Do you think demonetisation will help in curbing black money, corruption & terrorism? a.
Lord Budha, Lord Mahavir, Guru Nanak, Mahatma Gandhi – this is the land which gave the message of love and non-violence to the world.
57. We recognise the critical and positive role the internet plays globally in promoting economic, social and cultural development.
This conveys the immense significance attached to the sanctity of service.
Just imagine today the poor in the rural areas are living a tension-free life.
In a little while, we will hear from the BRICS Business Council and the leadership of NDB.
Excellency Lee, you are a friend of India.
Can Israel play a role in this?
India is now the leading recipient of capital investment in the Asia-Pacific.
The matter of formulating equivalence has since been examined in detail.
They enjoy no immunity whatsoever.
He also spoke about the income tax benefits introduced for middle class in the recent Budget.
Despite causing some hardships, rains make every human heart rejoice since rains, and agriculture, are the focal point of our entire sphere of economic activities.
The Prime Minister also mentioned coal gasification as an important area of research.
A day to reflect on the supreme truthand timeless relevance of Dhamma, and the four noble truths.
It was also stressed that expeditious implementation of the trilateral agreement involving Afghanistan, India and Iran, signed in May 2016, using Chahbahar will augment connectivity within and of the region.
The 44th amendment, made it mandatory that the proceedings of Parliament and Legislative Assemblies were made public through the newspapers.
Further, it will enable NABARD to augment its business and enhance its activities which would facilitate promotion of integrated rural development and securing prosperity of rural areas including generation of more employment.
Memorandum of Understanding between SREI Infrastructure Finance Limited and State Corporation ‘Bank for Development and Foreign Economic Affairs (Vnesheconombank)’ on Russian export support and participation in the development of India-Russia capital goods financing/leasing business
And, you are an inspiration to many here and in India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Swami Vivekananda, on his Jayanti.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express train.
b) The designated Airline of each party can enter into cooperative marketing arrangements with the designated carriers of same party, other party and that of a Third party.
They brought about many new things.
Prime Minister reiterated India’s commitment to extend full support to Afghanistan’s efforts for building a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
This effort also found a mention in the Guinness book of World Records.
What should the structure of the programme be like?
The nation is always ready to move in the right direction.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today celebrated Diwali with the jawans of Indian Army and BSF, in the Gurez Valley, near the Line of Control, in Jammu and Kashmir.
“A short while ago President of the United States called.
He said almost 700 kilometres of National Highways have been completed in four and a half years.
We have been raised in a tradition in which a temple is a medium for the humanity.
They are the ultimate test for a sportsperson’s mettle… all four of these virtues form the core foundation of nation – building universally.
Followers of Lord Budha across the world celebrate the festival.
He will also lay the Foundation Stone of Phase-2 of the Metro.
PM distributed cheques to select beneficiaries to mark the launch of DBT scheme for farmers to purchase mobile phones under e-NAM.
They will also become eligible for benefit under the various welfare schemes, scholarships etc. being administered by the Central Government, which are at present available to the persons belonging to the Other Backward Classes.
For this, Excellency,we are deeply gratefulto you.
· Annual Meeting of the BRICS ICM Chairmen – 25 to 26 July (Cape Town)
The growth rate is touching 7.5 %, and is likely to go higher.
Culture First signed in 1975
One truly remarkable thing that Sadhguru has done is he has made yogis out of ordinary, common people.
That is possible only when there is peace within the society.
Prime Minister expressed deep gratitude towards the Government and the National Security Forces of Afghanistan for their bravery and sacrifice in order to protect the Indians, especially during the attack on the Indian Consulate in Mazar-e-Sharif on January 4-5, 2016.
4. Regulation of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and cosmetics and exchange of information thereon;
In fact, protection of our environment is the prime driver for India to shape an International Solar Alliance.
The Prime Minister exhorted the gathering to work towards establishing even more firmly, the image of Vidya Bharati, as an institution committed to “education with values.”
• comprehensive global strategy to put an end to finance, supplies and communication channels of the terrorists.
Our Ministry of Minority Affairs issued corrective measures and we ameliorated this restriction by phasing out a tradition that had been in practice for the past seventy years.
But being Indians, we should all feel happy that in the entire process of this discovery, the sons of our country, our worthy Indian scientists, were also a part of it.
1. Turkish Grain Board (TMO) shall maintain an online system to enable regulation of export of poppy seeds from Turkey to India.
The Prime Minister recalled some of the resolves he had made in his Independence Day address last year.
We have undertaken the exercise to launch Digital economy in a mission mode which will go a long way in achieving the target of 2500 crore digital transactions in 2017-18.
Prime Minister will also visit the exhibition set up on the occasion atRajpath lawns.
India has a total of 1382 offshore islands, out of which officials have initially proposed 26, which could be considered for holistic development.
In its pursuit of excellence, the Election Commission has been receiving various proposalsfrom foreign electoral bodies for developing bilateral relations in the field of election and matters connected therewith.
A great saint of Gujarat, Narsi Mehta said-
And a partnership, which will be shaped by:
“Glad to note that Prasar Bharati has brought 11 more State DD Channels on the Satellite footprint of India through DD Free Dish.
He recalled that Indian soldiers had played a key role in the liberation of Haifa during the first world war.
Families are getting homes, toilets, smoke-free LPG cylinders, bank accounts and loans.
The state government has undertaken construction of a new hostel for girls in the tribal areas.
That’s why this entire business of bogus names and IDs had been going on.
We had the honour of hosting President Sirisena on his maiden visit abroad in February.
Medical device manufacturing, energy, and waste management were some of the areas mentioned where CSIR could play a key role.
Apprenticeship Training is considered to be one of the most efficient ways to develop skilled manpower for the country.
Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister, for your warm sentiments and generous hospitality.
A Memorandum of Understanding between India and Canada concerning cooperation in Higher Education was signed in June, 2010 for a period of five years.
The Prime Minister presented facts and figures to indicate how India is playing a key role in the entire world’s growth.
At times, government organizations are tagged as a regulator, but it is commendable that F.SA.A.I has been working beyond this brief for public awareness and public education.
The NDRF is rightly focussing on strengthening systems, processes and capacity building, which help in minimising loss of life or property”, the Prime Minister said.
And What’s the meaning of connecting with nature??
She gave utmost importance to education and social reform.
One Point Five crore homes have already been created, compared to 25 lakh homes made by UPA.
Now when the same parameters have shown marked improvements, development is in the right direction, a handful of people are still having a look at it with their colored vision.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described Shri Sharad Pawar’s political career, as one born out of productive pursuits.
The Trust reviewed the progress of various Projects of continuous growth of devotees visiting Somnath.
The initiative will provide funding to develop new research alliances and undertake impactful research to enable significant progress against cancer outcomes.
i) Both countries shall be entitled to designate one or more airlines.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister conveyed greetings on the occasion of Christmas.
This is being funded from the allocation under NRDWP.
Hence, in such places they are very sensitive about water and are equally active in doing something to deal with the shortage of water.
One young person learned to play wheelchair basket ball in order to be able to help the wheelchair basket ball team of differently abled, divyang players.
Never say stop and don’t ask space for its passage.
And I had stated then also that this decision was so enormous that it would take us at least 50 days to come out of its after effects and only then would we be able to move towards normalcy.
New laws and institutions for Bankruptcy and Insolvency as well as IPR and Arbitration are now in place.
The nature, forests, trees and the well-being of all beings play a great role in the teachings of Lord Buddha.
He also laid the foundation Stone for the augmentation of the Paradip-Haldia-Durgapur LPG pipeline from Durgapur to Muzaffarpur and Patna.
Can you compare 10% with 2.5%.
India’s expertise in healthcare and affordable medicines can offer new hope in the fight against many diseases; and give a newborn a better chance to survive.
3) MoU between M/s Raymond Industries and Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation as part of “Farm to Fabric” initiative.
The confidentiality ofvictims/ witnesses and complainants by not disclosing their identity.
India has seen Prime Ministers who said- out of every Rupee, only fifteen paisa reaches the poor.
USA is one of the major contributors of foreign direct investment in India and many insurance companies have set up joint venture with USA based insurance companies.
Welcoming this, the Prime Minister said that this was an initiative that could only succeed through people’s involvement.
He said that it was only after 9/11 that the world understood the true horrors of terrorism, and the fact that it has no boundaries.
Smart, sustainable and renewable energy
A person called Ravi has written to me – “Good News Everyday — he writes — please ask your officials to post about one good incident every day.
1. Planning and implementation of joint space projects of mutual benefit and interest;
But, the people of India did not waver.
I bow to him on his birth anniversary.
He urged developing a reflective, balanced and farsighted perspective on movement of skilled professionals.
These e-books are about inspiring stories of Swatch Bharat, health sector and the Sansad Aadarsh Gram Yojana.
Among the projects for which the Foundation Stone was laid, is the Regional Ophthalmology Centre at BHU.
And many commodities are purchased directly by the poor and the needy, not by investors.
At the most, whenever there are elections, then we see advertisement all around us, they write on the walls and hoardings are put to tell that to vote is our sacred duty.
Incorporating a company along with allotment of statutory numbers is now just a one day affair.
(iv). Establishing exchange of programmes for cooperation in Human Resources Development.
At a time like this I am glad that so many participants not only from India, but also from abroad have taken the time to come here.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential of the North-East.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today announced a development package of eighty thousand crore rupees for the State of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Saturday met and interacted with a group of 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
The Prime Minister also witnessed the exchange of an MoU on the establishment of Laser Interferometer Gravitational Wave Observatory (LIGO) in India.
He also asked senior officials in the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
It’s a kind of severe and dedicated ‘tapasya’.
In such a situation-
The Prime Minister mentioned that the Ayushman Bharat scheme also does not have any scope for leakage, as the money is transferred directly into the account of the hospital.
Therefore, it is the result of your honest paying of taxes when you have your meal with your family, 3 poor families are also able to have their meals at the same time.
He hailed the efforts of CISF in inducting many women soldiers into its force
He offered prayers at the historic Kedarnath Temple.
It was further informed that Rs 603 crore would be made available with Karnataka during 2016-17 for water conservation and drought proofing under various schemes of Government of India.
He assured Geeta that every effort would be made to trace Geeta’s family, and that she will be looked after well.
The wheels of change have begun to move.
This enormous talent pool in India benefits from the ecosystem created by initiatives such as Digital India and Startup India, and by supportive policies, incentives and funding programmes.
The delegation members said that the spread of terrorism in the name of Islam, represents a danger to peace all over the world, and there is urgent need to take action to marginalize the forces which are promoting “Jihad” for social, economic or political considerations.
On 26th February, 2016 the Committee submitted its report to the Parliament.
There are two young brothers and that too from Nashik in our own state of Maharashtra.
My effort is to have a continuous dialogue with the youth in various programmes or through social media.
The NFCSR conducts various activities in partnership with Corporates in the field of CSR, oriented towards social inclusion.
She was able to save around 1000 rupees every month.
Together, we must ensure #IndiaDefeatsBlackMoney.
We need to take advantage of this event being held in India; and ensure the spread and development of this sport not only in the North Eastern Region, but also in other parts of the country.
This limit is now being enhanced to 2 crore rupees.
Union Minister of Railways and Coal, Shri Piyush Goyal will lead the team of officials and media persons aboard the train on its inaugural run tomorrow.
• MOODY’s have upgraded the rating of India as positive.
He emphasised on the ideals of service and renunciation.
He said the navies of 50 countries were part of the International Fleet Review organized by the Indian Navy in 2016.
Therefore I decided to pick up the habit during vacations.
28. I believe that India and the UK must continue to nurture and support an ecosystem of high quality fundamental research to pave the way for joint technology development that can address global challenges.
PM said “I hope each child will realise her full potential and make the nation proud”.
More than 8 lakh patients have taken benefit of this scheme so far.
That is why I urge others in the region to nurture and revive this glorious heritage of ours.
He said that India’s prestige is rising because of several achievements.
• India is best suited to help you in technology and skills.
One of them is that the Department of Science and Technology is launching Visiting Adjunct Joint Research Faculty or VAJRA scheme which enables NRIs and overseas scientific community to participate and contribute to research and development in India.
Rehabilitation of the victim which is not contingent upon criminal proceedings being initiated against the accused or the outcome thereof.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for moving official amendments in the “Surrogacy (Regulation) Bill, 2016”.
You have done something that is exemplary and inspiring.
Regional and International Cooperation
Signing of the Agreement will position Exim Bank in the international platform along with large development finance institutions, like CDS, VEB and BNDES.
This will create the conditions for rolling out 24×7 power supply.
He appreciated famous sportspersons of the State including Mirabai Chanu and Sarita Devi.
We believe that there is a need to reform the United Nations and in particular, the United Nations Security Council to make it more representative of contemporary realities and to respond more effectively to emerging challenges and threats.
Now, India has one of the most liberal FDI Policy regimes in the world.
The nearest airport Delhi is at about 30 km from Noida.
It is also home to a vast array of global opportunities and challenges.
In his death, people of Tamil Nadu have lost their popular leader.
Setting-up of the IPPB to further financial inclusion was one of the budgetary announcements during 2015-16.
“Mandela used to consider Bapu as his role model.
The fundamental importance of his work may be gauged from the fact that several Nobel Prizes in Physics have been awarded subsequently to researchers carrying forward his ideas to diverse physical applications.
I have visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
I pay homage to those who made the supreme sacrifice, in silence and service, so that India marches ahead.
I lay great stress on zero defect and zero effect manufacturing.
I pray for the progress and prosperity of the state in the times to come.
I speak about Blue Revolution, which includes the prosperity, sustainable use of marine wealth and blue skies.
Had the good fortune of interacting with Balraj Madhok ji on many occasions.
Officials said progress is being made towards connecting all the remaining unconnected habitations within a defined timeframe.
The Prime Minister gave away the Krishi Karman Awards for 2014-15 to States and farmers.
As a responsible global citizen, India is committed to combating climate change, curbing emissions and ensuring a sustainable future.
Nearly 15 crore poor people have been brought under the coverage of government insurance schemes.
Prime Minister said that the government is emphasising on developing technological temperament along with scientific temperament among the citizens.
Economic Exchanges
Elaborating further, Prime Minister opined that for the Sufis, service of God meant service to humanity.
• Enhance collaboration on the priority issues identified in the field of health, such as health research, pharmacovigilance and anti-microbial resistance, under the Memorandum of Understanding in the field of health care and public health.
He said that 69 percent villages in India now have 100 percent LPG penetration, while 81 percent villages have more than 75 percent LPG penetration.
Over the last seventy five years, the traditional telegram, delivered by the postal department, has become obsolete, and gone out of existence.
The last man in the queue is my priority.
The North Koel Reservoir is located in the most backward tribal areas in Palamau and Garhwa districts of Jharkhand State.
Giving a major boost to the pro-farmer initiatives of the Government and in keeping with its commitment and dedication for the Annadata, the Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a new Umbrella Scheme “Pradhan Mantri Annadata Aay SanraksHan Abhiyan’ (PM-AASHA).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of MP and former Union Minister, Shri Sanwar Lal Jat.
PM inaugurated the Medical Colleges at Hazaribagh, Dumka and Palamu.
The Prime Minister said that the Government’s policies and the bravery of the Armed Forces have ensured that the use of terrorism as a proxy war in Jammu and Kashmir has not been successful.
If we as BRICS can set the agenda in these areas, the world will call this its Golden Decade.
It was to muzzle vernacular newspapers, that the Vernacular Press Act was enacted in 1878.
Excellency Putin, I am aware of your deep affection for India.
The 1988 Olympics were held at a time of many changes in the world.
These include Model Agricultural Produce and Livestock Marketing Act, 2017 and Model Contract Farming and Services Act, 2018.
He spoke of steps taken in the Union Budget to provide tax relief to MSMEs.
Our discussions were wide ranging covering the entire spectrum of our bilateral engagement.
The Ministry of AYUSH as a part of its mandate to propagate Indian systems of Medicine globally has taken effective steps by entering into MoU with China, Malaysia, Trinidad & Tobago Hungary, Bangladesh, Nepal, Mauritius, Mongolia and Myanmar.
Whether in New York, London, Singapore, Hong Kong or Abu Dhabi, I would find many of them to be of Indian origin.
These figures may astonish you; yet only 32 lakh people in our country say that their income is more than ten lakhs while filing tax returns.
Apart from Yoga, I walk on a track inspired by the Panchtatvas or 5 elements of nature – Prithvi, Jal, Agni, Vayu, Aakash.
Later this evening, PM will address New India Youth Conclave at Surat Indoor Stadium after his return from Dandi where he unveiled the National Salt Satyagraha Memorial.
As close and friendly neighbours, the security interests of India and Myanmar are closely aligned.
The Vietnamese side reiterated its consistent support for permanent membership of India in a reformed Security Council.
Usually, when people’s movements have arisen, the people and the government have been at loggerheads.
The first half of the 20th century was witness to the horrors of two world wars.
· 8th Meeting of BRICS Trade Ministers – 5 July (Magaliesburg)
Meeting of BRICS Environment Ministers (16 September 2016, Goa) 7.
Both sides agreed to expedite the implementation of the US$100 million Line of Credit for building of high-speed patrol boats for the Viet Nam Border Guards and urged for early signing of a framework agreement on the US$ 500 million Line of Credit for defence industry.
The two Leaders welcomed the growing interaction between their National Security Councils and agreed to enhance regular and institutionalized consultations between them and others concerned on terrorism, security and related issues such as organised crime, money-laundering, drug trafficking and cyber crime.
· First Meeting of the BRICS Trade Promotion Working Group – 10 May (East London)
I was wondering if he was present here then how he would have reacted looking at the plethora of taxes.
We should shorten the tooth-to-tail ratio.
The Prime Minister said,”Saddened by the demise of LS MP from Alwar, Mahant Chand Nath ji.
Together we can bring a positive change in the nation.
We have dreamt of doubling farmer’s income by 75th year of Independence.
More than seven thousand reforms have been implemented to improve the ease of doing business.
24. The Sides agreed to work together to explore joint projects for productive, efficient and economic use of natural resources in each other’s country through application of appropriate technologies while ensuring affordable environment friendly utilization of natural resources.
At least there should be no female foeticide in a village having Mahila Sarpanch.
Only we know of the situation we faced at that time.
That animal, bird or tree is also worshipped with the same spirit as the God or Goddess.
And that is why, it is utmost essential to take the entire course of antibiotic medicine in terms of number of tablets as well as days.
In that context, India has to make its place in the world, he added.
It is a happy coincidence that your last full term as Sri Lanka’s Prime Minister coincided with the first NDA Government.
He said water treatment plants would be set up in all 18 cities in Madhya Pradesh which fall along the banks of the Narmada.
Both PMP schemes will be finalised by the National Mission on Transformative Mobility and Battery Storage.
While we excel globally, we also need to develop local solutions that fit our unique context.
2. Enhancement of ceiling on Seed subsidy: Enhancement of ceiling on Seed subsidy.
In our journey of cooperation, we plan to build a series of bigger nuclear power units.
14. The Sides appreciated the work done by “Invest India’’ to facilitate Russian investors in India and the planned launch of a “Single Window Service” by the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation for facilitating operation of Indian companies in Russia.
Some minor amendments to the Act including consequential amendments considered necessary namely, to re-name NID Vijayawada as NID Amaravati and nomenclature of Principal Designer as equivalent to Professor are also proposed in the Bill.
Because of their massive coverage the premia are low.
BRICS Women Parliamentarians’ Forum 11.
It is the first time that there has been such extensive citizen consultation.
I received a telephonic message from Srishti.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the agreement on Audio Visual Co-Production India and Bangladesh.
And most important of all, the trust of customers for the traders is increasing.
d.Sharing of knowledge and best practices in user-free (toll)-related issues; including modern systems, technologies and methods of levying of user-free and collection including Electronic Toll Collection System;
They will share dreams together.
He set five challenges before the PSEs, for New India:
Mobility is the next frontier in our fight against Climate Change.
The testing agencies issuing automobile approvals have been brought under the ambit of the Act.
In spite of deep structural reforms, we are among the fastest growing major economies.
India’s diversity is its unique characteristic, and India’s diversity is also its strength.
Concerns have been expressed that it may overburden the High Courts.
The modalities for implementation of the announcements for providing central assistance to the State of Andhra Pradesh are as follows:
Your Majesties, Excellencies,
Every Indian requires safe drinking water.
The Prime Minister appreciated the ethics and professionalism of Korean industry, which had made Korean brands household names in India.
Please, do not do that, else your family members will be displeased with me.
Countries would be responsible for follow-up and review at the national level, with regard to the progress made in implementing the Goals and targets.
India’s test was not only successful but in a way, India had demonstrated its might in the field of science and technology.
He said that Shri Inamdar had imbibed this principle, and his life is a source of inspiration.
I welcome you all to World Food India 2017.
It will promote understanding of best practices in food processing in the two countries and will help in improving the food processing sector as well as improved market access, leading to equity and inclusiveness.
Your Excellency Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong
I am told that the experience of bringing about decisive changes in a large country like India without affecting the growth process may become an example for many other nations.
Sardar Patel dedicated his entire life for the unity of the country.
The Prime Minister and the Chief Minister discussed strategies to increase awareness about water conservation and storage, and involving the youth organizations such as NCC, NSS, NYKS, and Scouts and Guides, in these activities.
ImTeCHO stands for “Innovative mobile-phone Technology for Community Health Operations”.
Prohibition of restrictive conditions regarding audit firms:
We are pleased that the High-level Independent Panel on Peace Operations has recognized these issues.
Out of the approximately 18,500 unelectrified villages, about 6000 have already been electrified.
We are also coming up with Tax Free Infrastructure Bonds with a view to broaden the corporate bond market and to provide long term finance for infrastructure.
• India has also improved its UNCTAD ranking of investment attractiveness.
The fifth pillar is information (Soochna).
She always tries to help others, but one habit of hers amazes me.
I’m delighted to welcome Madame President and her delegation in India.
Today, we have successfully held the 3rd Meeting of the India-South Africa CEOs Forum.
If in the span of 5 years from two thousand Seventeen to Two thousand Twenty Two we take this responsibility to carry India to that height in front of the world then this only is the quest for leadership.
The country is experiencing change in the last four years.
43. The Sides also decided to further explore possibilities of closer cooperation on hydel and renewable energy sources, energy efficiency, including in order to reduce the negative effects of climate change.
It is indeed a privilege to be your partner and friend.
He felt she had more a rightful claim on the reward he had got and gave away the thousand rupees to her.
Around this time, military operations commenced in Kashmir.
He talked at length about extensive arrangements at @Simhasth.
(iv). Management of healthcare sector and public health services;
The Prime Minister said that the awardees have devoted their lives, on a mission to serve others.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working towards strengthening connectivity across the country.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have marked a golden period in relations between the two countries.
Having experienced terrorist violence ourselves on countless occasions, we share your pain.
It protects their fundamental rights and safeguards their interests.
And that would be the true prayer to Shakti, only then can we celebrate together the festival of victory.
1. Creating a Safer World: by organized and coordinated action on at least three issues: Counter Terrorism, Cyber Security and Disaster Management; 2.
Walking among the group of NCC Cadets assembled at Teen Murti lawns, he spoke of the diversity of India.
And, together with the global community we can, and we must, combat the rising threats of radicalization, extremism and terrorism.
c) Mutual exchange of 410 square meters of land between IISWC Research Centre and HUDA.
E-commerce and trans-border mobility of people is resulting in increased cross border transactions.
Yes, for many families, the first part of the year is Exam Season.
“Called @Number10gov @theresa_may to express our solidarity with UK after the terror attack in Manchester.
These projects, even if viable and sound, have huge funding requirements and borrowing by the State Governments for such projects may exhaust their respective borrowing limits.
In the light of good monsoon and expectation of increased credit demand and in order to boost agricultural production, the farmers need to be supported through Cooperative Banks, which purvey credit at their doorstep, to enable them to scale up their agricultural operation.
We look forward to work together on this front under the International Solar Alliance.
Government of India is undertaking several initiatives to support the textiles sector, which is a source of employment for several Indians.
Some people give more importance to the caste in which they have taken birth than the land on which they have taken birth.
This has become a great opportunity for me to understand the hearts and minds of one and all.
I also hope that the delegates will seriously deliberate and devise proper procedures and protocols to quicken the process of tracing, identifying, restraining, confiscating, and repatriating the stolen assets.
• Indian businesses in Tanzania continue to grow and expand.
All payment will be done directly into registered bank account of the farmer.
“Sad to know of passing away of well known Gujarati folk singer Diwaliben Bhil.
We will do or die”.
Looking at the importance of DNA technology in forensic investigation, our government has approved the DNA Technology (Use and Application) Regulation Bill 2018.
Number of nominees from States and UTs in NMC increased from 3 to 6:
The fundamentals of our economy are sound.
But one thing is for sure, especially during the days when examinations are held.
This approval ensures completion of the projects under NATRIP which is an important Initiative by the Government of India for the establishment of the global test centres in India.
Distributed Ledger/Block chain technology holds potential for solutions to various challenges being faced in the financial sector space of the BRICS nations.
“Easter greetings to people around the world.
But, it is a testimony to Singapore’s spirit that school children can also learn five other Indian languages.
This is what I gathered, learnt and understood from our countrymen during three years of the Mann Ki Baat campaign.
I believe that in the coming time, we will work together to build a strong and close partnership for our mutual benefit.
Fewer things give greater joy than getting together with good friends to celebrate successful completion of joint initiatives.
In a time when political discourse was centredaround train stoppages only, Naidu ji ensured that leaders began to think more about roads and other forms of connectivity, the Prime Minister added.
Readers of Thuglak
On behalf of all countrymen, I wish her a bright future.
Now the government is working at a very fast pace to connect hundred per cent villages to road network.
They stressed that terrorism cannot and should not be associated with any religion, nationality or ethnic group.
Sometimes we had thought of the draining of village resources .
The Salt Satyagraha Memorial is just one of many initiatives taken by the Prime Minister, which carry forward the legacy of the Mahatma.
The Protocol was signed on 26th October, 2016.
We are reviving a region, restoring hope, renewing life and redefining Afghanistan’s future.
And, in one episode of Mann Ki Baat I had said that while having our food, we must also be conscious of consuming only as much as we need and see to it that there is no wastage.
The sacred thoughts of Lord Jesus Christ inspire millions.
He said this will benefit India and particularly those working for the Railways.
India is happy to work together with you for wipingtears from the past and ushering in a bright future.
Recognizing the importance of supporting India’s infrastructure development, India and South Korea have identified 10 billion Dollars under Korea’s Economic Development Cooperation Fund and Export Credit, to finance such projects.
Have spoken to Home Minister and Raksha Mantri on the situation.
He recalled his meeting with the heads of Canadian pension funds during his visit to Canada last year, and observed that some of these funds are now Investing in India.
Some vices have entered in our way of life, and we do not think that we are breaking the law and that is why it is the responsibility of the leadership and of the society to get rid of these faults that have crept into the society.
My dear Brothers and sisters, I was just watching the TV news two days ago that electricity has reached three villages of the Elephanta island after 70 years of independence, and this has led to much joy and enthusiasm among the people there.
And that is why it will not be difficult for us to have quality drinking water.
First, ASEAN and India should redouble efforts to promote trade and investment.
Shri Narendra Modi mentioned how Yoga had been accepted the world over, with the adoption of the International Yoga Day by the United Nations.
I am confident that our strategic partnership will go to new level.
The Prime Minister said that the world’s attention is being drawn to India, and people are coming to invest here.
The creation of the new cadre and change in structure will not only strengthen the organization but will also help to achieve the vision of “Startup India”, “Stand-up India” and “Make in India”.
This is a world of inter-dependent fortunes and failures.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the Khurda-Bolangir new Broad Gauge Rail link, on the request of the State of Odisha.
The NCSK Act ceased to have effect from 29.2.2004.
We are committed to protect the environment and uphold our responsibility towards Nature.
India has strong political support to the Palestinian cause at international and bilateral levels.
The target was to shift part of the estimated 300 tons of physical bars and coins purchased every year for Investment into ‘demat’ gold bonds.
NTPC alone is expected to save Rs. 0.35 / unit through higher supply of domestic coal and rationalization / swapping of coal which will be passed on to DISCOMs / consumers.
Together we will build such an India which will be free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
· BRICS STI Advisory Councils Roundtable (Pretoria)
The Prime Minister stressed on better outcomes for turnaround time of ships and clearance for Exim cargo.
A Joint Study Group (JSG) between India and Peru was constituted in order to explore the possibility for entering into trade agreement with Peru on 15th January, 2015.
He said organizations such as the WHO have appreciated the progress made in the Swachh Bharat Mission.
The group says they have driven over 10,000 km, covering 13 States/UTs, and interacted with people on social themes, such as Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao; and Swachh Bharat.
The bill is aimed at tackling the menace of illicit deposit taking activities in the country.
The function began with the recital of the 5 Buddhist precepts.
Components of PM-AASHA:
Both sides agreed to take this development cooperation forward, build capacity in Nauru for disaster management and response to the adverse impact of Climate Change.
He said that being amongst people during the auspicious occasion of Dussehra gives him energy and renewed vigour to work for the betterment of the country.
The government is running many schemes.
Trade between the two countries has been expanding over the years.
Among them are retired teachers, retired clerks, farmers, small shopkeepers.
iii. Benchmarks for practice in Unani Medicine; and
During the interaction, officers shared their experiences on subjects such as innovation and teamwork in governance, healthcare, health education, agriculture, water resources, e-governance, tax administration and GST, ease of doing business, grievance redressal, and child rights.
Within the sector, it is the apparel segment that provides maximum employment.
The event you have organised makes the anniversary of the Chicago address even more special.
Two major business initiatives in 2018 have helped this along.
A shift from issuing authority to business partner to achieve ‘Minimum Government, Maximum Governance’.
Strengthening the existing security architecture in the Indo-Pacific which is anchored in ASEAN-led mechanisms
The capability, commitment & controlling situation through rapid decisions of the NDRF have made them a cynosure of every Indian’s eye, worthy of respect & admiration.
To plant 25 lakhs of sapling in Rajasthan is not a small matter!
Noting that Bahadurgarh is witnessing tremendous economic growth, the Prime Minister said that there are several educational centres there, and students from there even travel to Delhi.
My dear countrymen, we want to move ahead.
For Admin expenses, up to 2% of the total project cost can be made.
· Security in the use of ICTs Working Group – 16 to 17 May (Cape Town)
He emphasized that the targets for digital infrastructure should be synchronized with the targets for the Digital India initiative.
“My heartiest congratulations to our scientists on the successful launch of GSLV MK III-D2 carrying GSAT-29 satellite.
Our investments in new drivers of our relationship, and the emphasis on energy, trade, and S&T linkages are showing successful results.
Recognition of Trade Unions at Central/State level would reduce duplicacy of such exercise by different departments.
The 25 PRAGATI meetings so far have seen a cumulative review of 227 projects with a total investment of over Rs. 10 lakh crore.
He added that the ecosystem of highways, metros and waterways that are being built, will create employment opportunities, especially inmanufacturing, construction and service sectors.
Supply of generic drugs from India is presently routed through third countries and are, therefore, very expensive.
An amount of Rs. 315.95 crore has been released to the State under the National Disaster Response Fund (NDRF), after adjustments of the State balances.
The financial amount/budget for achieving 25% of the total training targets of next phase of PMKVY would be directly allocated to the States.
He also interacted with divyangjan children on board the ship.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, he said that no one can ever forget the role of Saints and Seers in strengthening our society.
The Prime Minister exhorted States to identify a district, or even a block, to convert to a 100 percent organic area.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has strongly condemned the terrorist in Istanbul, Turkey.
Today, you can see Ganesh pandals in almost every street of various cities.
– What would you say when the sale of two wheelers in the country has registered a growth of over 14%?
He did not possess an iota of ego regarding himself.
Brigadier General San Win, Permanent Secretary of Ministry of Defence
We will be able to ensure non-proliferation We will be able to secure our people from terrorism and cyber threats.
Following his footsteps, our engineers have created their own identity in the world.
You have talked to me as one of your own.
I compliment all those individuals and organisations working towards building more toilets in various parts of India.
Today, in the twenty-sixth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to post offices, and railways.
All of us will need to make united efforts to become TB-free.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, addressed the Akhil Bharatiya Prachaarya Sammelan, organized by the Vidya Bharati Akhil Bharati Shiksha Sansthan in New Delhi today.
You too must be getting similarly confused sometimes!
He underlined the importance of a clean and vibrant River Ganga.
Mr Solih thanked the Prime Minister for his greetings and good wishes.
But we have witnessed this whole period from 1857 to 1942 which was incremental in a way.
The PSLV, carrying the satellite, lifted off from Sriharikota at 12.50 PM.
Sushma Verma plays the important role of the wicket keeper.
Today also, one Japanese township has been announced.
This is part of our promise of Good Governance.
And, this close inter-mingling of our people is a strong foundation for us to realize the promise of our modern day partnership.
• But we have to succeed;
The Prime Minister said that while the country has the capacity to recover from any setback, its development is seriously impacted when a small section of people start indulging in corrupt practices.
We have launched financing schemes which are dedicated to promote entrepreneurship.
We will transform governance, making it more transparent, accountable, accessible and participative.
He said that once the poor and the underprivileged get basic facilities, they will themselves overcome poverty.
Addressing Panchayati Raj representatives across the country, from Mandla, the Prime Minister recalled Mahatma Gandhi’s call for Gramoday to Rashtroday, and Gram Swaraj.
In the first Bid round, 55 blocks, having an area of 59282 sq.km spreading across 11 States have been offered for bidding.
We were proud to see Mozambique join the ranks of free nations in 1975.
Today when I refer to Babasaheb, when I talk about Ramanujacharya, I’m also reminded of the great 12th century saint & social reformer from Karnataka Jagat Guru Basaveshwar.
Current account deficit is comfortable.
Last year, nearly 3 and a half crore people have benefited from this.
This is an opportunity to remember the teachings of Prophet Muhammad-peace be upon him- and his message.
We have our unresolved issues, including our boundary question, but we have been able to keep our border region peaceful and stable.
They are now a source of income.
The Prime Minister will then address the people assembling at Rajpath for the “Run For Unity”.
The 31st of October is the birth anniversary of our beloved Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people, on occasion of various festivals across India.
However, when we wake up the next morning we go the left side habitually believing that the bathroom was there and we hit the wall.
Motorized personal vehicles require ever-growing road, parking, and traffic infrastructure.
“I too have got water and soil like all of you,” the Prime Minister told the assembled gathering.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Dr. Ambedkar Memorial at King Henry’s Road in London.
They called for all issues related to the Iranian nuclear programme to be resolved peacefully and through dialogue.
He said he wishes to personally visit one such well-performing district in the month of April.
The Schemes are implemented through Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India, and the difference between the actual yield earned by LIC on the funds invested under the Scheme and the assured return committed by the Government is paid as subsidy to LIC.
In 2018, Ahresty established its JIM in Bawal (Haryana), Toyota Tsusho in Mandal (Gujarat), And Terumo in Thiruvananthapuram (Kerala).
“Greetings on Ambedkar Jayanti.
The main areas of co-operation between the parties include:-
With this MoU, participating countries can exchange technical information on Cyber attacks, response to cyber security incidents and find solutions to counter the cyber attacks.
Our joint venture ‘KABIL’ has started discussions with Argentina for cooperation in the mining sector.
(ix). Promoting safe, honourable and sustainable tourism.
However, these advances also bring with them new challenges and threats resultant from the growing misuse of ICTs for criminal activities, the increasing malicious use of ICTs by state and non-state actors.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s message on National Girl Child Day:
The Prime Minister will unveil a statue of Dr. Abdul Kalam, and offer floral tributes.
The Mission was launched in September, 2014.
India will be pleased to create capacity in Island States to deal with natural disasters, including through human resource development and application of space technology for early warning system and incident response.
And, you are helping relations between India and Malaysia become stronger and stronger.
To make way for certain constructions limited strictly to public works and projects essential to public within the prohibited area, the following amendments have been approved:
My thoughts are with his family in this hour of grief.
And, we know that our cyber networks bring opportunities, but also carry huge risks.
This people to people contact is a big contribution of Akashvani.
Addresses the issue of trafficking from the point of view of prevention, rescue and rehabilitation.
None of our public institutions is free from these termites.
A plane showered rose petals as the ashes were immersed.
The Prime Minister sought the support of Turkey for membership of the four export control regimes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke at the opening session of the Conference of Governors at Rashtrapati Bhawan.
And then, he set out, on the path to create a peaceful and compassionate society.
The estimated project cost for Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link (MTHL) is Rs.17,854 crore, out of which JICA loan portion is expected to be Rs.15,109 crore.
He congratulated the students who received degrees today.
I convey my hearty greetings to all fellow Indians and everyone across the world, especially the Muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of Ramazan.
This was done clandestinely, which is not the usual practice.
The saints and seers of Gujarat have played a very big role in the making of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, he said.
The Government has undertaken a range of transformational initiatives.
The mission of HCT is to be a key education fundamental pillar on which a modern nation is built.
The Prime Minister said new energy and dynamism has been imparted to relations between the two countries, since Mr. Trudeau assumed office.
Moreover, in case TCIL engage manpower from open market, it becomes a permanent liability on TCIL as against the deputationists, who remain with TCIL only for the project period for which their services are required.
We are committed to a sustainable path to prosperity.
My team is working on the others.
Gujarat too has an illustrious tradition of observing Van Mahotsav.
People the world over are familiar with famous Ceylon Tea that originates in this fertile land.
Revamped Gold Deposit Scheme
It also has a significant international presence, and is one of the largest global banks.
Security and comfort of a home provides the launch pad for feeling of enhanced social security, positive self-perception and a powerful fillip to overcoming the difficulties of poverty.
On the occasion of International Women’s Day today, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, launched the National Nutrition Mission, and expansion of the coverage of Beti Bachao Beti Padhao programme, at Jhunjhunu in Rajasthan.
Their grit & determination; their resolve to overcome all odds in the path of success is indeed inspiring for all our countrymen.
The Prime Minister quoted former President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam, who had said: “Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, calibre and future of an individual.”
He noted that the goal of leprosy elimination as a public health problem i.e., prevalence rate of less than 1 case per 10,000 population at national level was achieved in 2005.
With the spirit of innovation our scientists, we are going to launch ‘NAVIC’ which will be very useful for the fishermen and others.
Such people neither have any schemes nor activities, yet “Team India’ consisting of 1.25 billion Indians is ready to invest time for them, but how does that happen?
Their dedication and vigour can make each Indian feel proud.
Extending the provision of SAROD-PORTS for redressal of disputes to the existing Concessionaires also by introducing the Supplementary Agreement to be signed between the Concessionaire and the Concessioning Authority.
Syed Nizami from Nizamuddin Dargah and Syed Chisti from Ajmer Sharif
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Bangladesh for (i) MoU and Mode of Operation of Border Haats signed on 23.10.2010 with Bangladesh for setting up Border Haats on India-Bangladesh Border, (ii) addendum to the MoU signed on 15.5.2012; (iii) to establish new Border Haats after identification of suitable locations in consultation with Government of Bangladesh and concerned State Governments and (iv) to modify/revise the terms and condition of the above MoU/Addendum in consultation with relevant State Governments/Central Government agencies and Government of Bangladesh.
The exchange of best practices between the two countries will lead to improved protection and awareness about India’s range of Intellectual creations which are as diverse as its people.
Talking about measures taken for the welfare of farmers by the Union Government, the Prime Minister also mentioned the recent increase in MSP for Kharif crops.
For this, I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the members of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.
Modern systems of medicine have transformed healthcare; screening, detection and diagnosis of diseases.
He recalled that when he had first articulated his vision for India to break into the Top 50 in EoDB rankings in the years to come, it was greeted with skepticism.
Yogiji used to say that he didn’t want to breathe last on a hospital bed.
It will also benefit banks and financial institutions.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the revival of defunct Fertilizer Units in Gorakhpur, Sindri and Barauni.
In a world of fear, Yoga promises hope, strength and courage,” the Prime Minister added.
He expressed confidence that the proposed railway project will contribute to the process of strengthening national and urban transport in Bangladesh.
You will be scientists soon and the guardians of the planet.
Both leaders shared the view to further promote India-Japan partnerships in higher education and empowerment of women, and facilitate academic, youth and sports exchanges.
He not only had the magnificent landscape of his ancestral land in mind, he could also be describing the Afghan people.So, when I came to Kabul in December, in the warmth of your welcome, I saw the kindness of your heart.
Productivity Linked Bonus (PLB) equivalent to 78 days’ wages for the financial year 2017-18 for all eligible non-gazetted Railway employees About 11.91 lakh non-gazetted Railway employees are likely to benefit from the decision Payment of 78 days’ PLB to railway employees has been estimated to be Rs. 2044.31 crore
50. The Sides underlined the importance of the full and effective implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) on the Iranian nuclear programme in order to support international peace and security, to strengthen non-proliferation regime and to develop normal economic cooperation with Iran.
Space assets and technology can help us in inventory of land and water resources; fish zoning; forest resources management; coastal and ocean studies; weather and climate change; and, disaster management support.
These are reportedly the only Naga tribes in the State.
Be it 26, Alipur Road, associated with Babasaheb Ambedkar, or the Sardar Patel museum or the Kranti Mandir!
The Parliament Building in Kabul represents our strong commitment to Afghanistan’s democratic future.
Minister Le Drian expressed condolences for the victims of the cross-border terrorist attack at Uri, J&K on 18 September 2016 and expressed resolve to strengthen bilateral counter-terrorism cooperation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to carry out official amendments in “The National Waterways Bill, 2015”.
Certain components of the various sectoral Action Plans that are envisaged to be prepared, related to elements like creation of required infrastructure, fiscal incentives etc., may have financial implications.
3. Regulation of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and exchange of information;
• The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual Summit meetings, including on the margins of multilateral events.
Stressing the need for a fair, just, rule-based, equitable and transparent international order and reaffirming faith in the multilateralism with the United Nations at the centre and the rule-based international trading system;
Implementation strategy and Targets
Singapore’s National Anthem is “Majulah Singapura”– “Onward, Singapore” No surprise, therefore, that if there is one country that seems to act in the present, but is alive to the needs of the future, it is Singapore.
IPR Awareness: Outreach and Promotion – To create public awareness about the economic, social and cultural benefits of IPRs among all sections of society. ii.
Chancellor Merkel,
Reflecting on the theme of the event this year – ‘Future India: Science and Technology’ – the Prime Minister said that India’s true strength will be in connecting its science, technology and innovation, with its people.
The Prime Minister spoke to Home Minister Shri Rajnath Singh in this regard and expressed his strong disapproval of such incidents.
He had this incredible ability to mould conditions in his favour.
I am saying this under the Tricolour from the ramparts of the Red Fort.
He said that it is also a responsibility to be careful and conserve as much water as possible.
I daresay, that India alone offers the opportunities that could rival those of an entire continent.
By renaming Kandla Port as “Deendayal Port, Kandla”, a grateful nation would be remembering the invaluable contributions made by one of the greatest sons of India, Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay.
It is said in the Rigveda – “आ नो भद्राः क्रतवो यन्तु विश्वतः”, which means, let us welcome noble thoughts flowing in from all directions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed a large gathering in New Delhi on the occasion of Chartered Accountants’ Day.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend an event to mark World Biofuel Day, at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on August 10, 2018.
See, our Abhinav Bindra very narrowly missed the medal and got fourth place in Shooting.
The Summit provided an occasion for both leaders to deepen their friendship and to exchange views on international and regional issues, in keeping with the tradition of high level political exchanges between India and Russia.
The objective of this MoU is to promote bilateral cooperation in the field of sustainable and smart urban development on the basis of reciprocity and mutual benefit through exchange of knowledge, institutional cooperation, research & development and commercial relations on related issues.
On the Demand front, our rising middle class offers a huge domestic market.
I offer deepest condolences.
Many good wishes to all of you for the year 2019.
Today we are standing at this juncture, where we can avail the opportunity and how we should take upon this responsibility?
We want our development and economic ties to benefit our societies.
The other was the International Solar Alliance, which aims at bringing together countries with abundant sunshine, to harness the power of the sun.
• The Bill provides for freedom to operate 365 days in a year and opening/closing time of establishment.
And, as a community you came together to build that memorial on your own: To honour his memory: in respect for his principles; in a tribute to what he had done for Mother India and mankind.
Many persons have written about the importance of villages.
He said that the biggest challenge for the medal winners will start now and they should never lose their goal of being in the Olympic Games podium.
Justification:-
The Committee will hold discussions with all stakeholders and assess the required quantum of reservation of seats in Assam Legislative Assembly and local bodies for Assamese people.
These are very good signs.
The share of India’s services sector in global services exports was 3.3% in 2015 compared to 3.1% in 2014.
If there are 1.25 crore people in the country, then we can easily progress by bringing the solutions to these problems successfully.
He said preparations are underway for sending three Indians into space, through the Gaganyaan in 2022.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Vrindavan in Uttar Pradesh today.
He said that as a caring government, the objective is to ease the difficulty in the lives of people, and improve ease of living.
Convening of the meeting of the Energy Forum to develop a road map for energy cooperation v).
It possess all modern amenities and is considered to be one of the most modern suburbs of Delhi in the National Capital Region (NCR).
He will pay homage at the statue of Shri Guru Ravidas.
We are forging a unique bond with the rest of the world.
At his request, the Chairman of Tehreek-e-Insaf Party and the Member of Parliament of Pakistan Mr. Imran Khan called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
“Earth Day is a day of gratitude to Mother Earth and a day to reiterate our firm resolve to keep our planet clean and green.
The 228th report of the Law Commission of India has recommended for prohibiting commercial surrogacy and allowing ethical altruistic surrogacy by enacting a suitable legislation.
Direct connectivity between India and Afghanistan will usher prosperity.
k) Drafting of laws and regulations
The Prime Minister said that while many Union Government departments are now using the Government e-Marketplace (GeM), only ten States have so far shown keenness in using it.
“Respected Prime Minister Sir, I am Dr. Anil Sonara speaking from Ahmedabad, Gujarat.
The construction of this tunnel will provide all-weather connectivity between Srinagar, Kargil and Leh.
Yoga is not merely an exercise.
Peace is the only foundation for a prosperous future.
These are the people for whom it is not possible to build a house on their own.
The Prime Minister expressed concern at the undue delay in processing of requests for patents and trademarks.
How can we prepare our millions of small and medium businesses for this transformation, in a short time?
It was during the previous government.
But, you faced them boldly; you fought for your rights, but you did so peacefully.
Tableus depict the issues of social concern in a very artistic manner.
Prime Minister Modi, President Vladimir V Putin of Russian Federation and President Xi Jinping of the People’s Republic of China, held a Trilateral Meeting in Buenos Aires today.
(14). Reputed research institutions, both at Central and State level, may be made technical partners for evolving cost effective waste management technologies.
Our people are constantly threatened by forces of terrorism and extremism.
Upon completion, the project will have a significant and direct beneficial impact in terms of reduction of pollution load in the two rivers and improvement in their water quality.
But we have reduced our democracy to mere ballot boxes.
They are applying technology to transform healthcare, education, agriculture, clean energy, security, financial inclusion of the poor and access to clean water.
The Prime Minister said his Government worked for “Sabka saath, sabka vikas,” and therefore, it was essential for development to reach all parts of the country.
He welcomed the suggestion made for a comprehensive energy policy.
We will also be able to come together to prevent maritime crimes, preserve marine ecology, protect against disasters and prosper from blue economy.
This is a cause of worry and these figures are scary.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval for expansion of India – Chile Preferential Trade Agreement (PTA) between India and Chile.
Further, the current Governing Board may also look into the entire Nalanda University Act, 2010 afresh and suggest amendments/additions wherever necessary.
He used to work for the government.
We spend extravagantly in high places, without a single thought, but when it comes to our hardworking brethren, we quarrel with them over small amounts.
I don’t get offended by all this.
He said farmers and scientists have to work together to transform agriculture.
The dastardly acts committed in Paris a few days ago are a grim reminder that terrorists have shown remarkable flexibility and adaptability in meeting their funding requirements.
The number of UG medical seats have been increased by 30% in the last four and half years.”
They also discussed enhanced cooperation, regionally and globally, in pursuing shared priorities for peace, stability and combating terrorism.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop a connect, with the people around them, and with the people they serve, in course of their duties.
Arigato Gozaimas (Thank you)
Malaysia’s achievements are enormous.
It will be as per the terms and conditions of the Concession Agreement (CA) to be entered into between the Port Authority and the PDI concerned.
It is a great honour for me to touch this sacred soil of Rameswaram.
I don’t believe that any youth of my country is willing to tolerate corruption.
They get a good sleep out of it.
I commend the G20 for its successful efforts to build a more resilient and open global financial system.
The entire nation comes together in wishing the all-women team of Navika Sagar Parikrama the very best in their remarkable endeavour.
I wish you an enjoyable and fruitful stay in India.
This has been made possible by a series of sustained policy initiatives.
These types of conflicts call for dialogue to bring about conflict avoidance – not just ‘give and take’ conflict resolution negotiations as what is happening today.
Firmness in truth is a guarantee for success.
• We must reject any link between terrorism and religion: PM Modi
Festivals in a way are the reflection of our social values and a learning for the society.
The MoU aims to develop bilateral cooperation in the field of Animal Husbandly and Dairying for the purpose of broadening the existing knowledge base on dairy development and institutional strengthening.
They cope up with the trauma but begin afresh with the same fervour.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris.
Addressing the large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said he is witnessing first-hand, how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
In the Indian Ocean region, our relationships are becoming stronger.
The Prime Minister said that projects worth Rs. 23,000 crore have been approved under Namaami Gange so far.
The seed of this value systemis naturally sown within us in every NCC camp.
He said that a teacher remains a teacher throughout life.
We decide to expedite the signing of the BIMSTEC Memorandum of Understanding on Grid Interconnection.
I remember our last meeting in New York where he rightly said that India and UK should work closely on the economic front.
That innovation became beneficial for the society and became the reason behind economic progress of that country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the brave CRPF personnel who were martyred in the attack in Sukma, Chhattisgarh.
This will also provide opportunities for diverse research in the field of peaceful uses of space technologies.
Our Sankalp should be for the Siddhi as a citizen of a proud nation so that we make our own humble and positive contribution towards the nation by 2022.
We cooperate closely in the Asean, East Asia Summit and Bimstec (the Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation), as also in the frameworks of Mekong Ganga Cooperation, Asia Cooperation Dialogue and Indian Ocean Rim Association.
Later today, I will join leaders from major developed and developing world for an innovation summit; because I believe that innovation and technology hold the key to our collective success.
A compact Board with professional independent members will strengthen decision making and strategic planning.
(vi) Training and Skills Development
“Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia is one of the most remarkable personalities of 20th century India.
India has also shown that a large, diverse country can be managed in a way that can promote economic growth and maintain social stability.
Vice Chancellor of Sri Venkateswara University, Professor A. Damodaram
After graduating from IIT, he resumed RSS work in Mapusa and became a Sanghchalak at the age of 26.
Yad Vashem tells us that those who believe in humanity and civilized values must come together and defend it at all costs.
Economic and social justice are articles of faith for us, not slogans to win votes.
As Chief Minister of Gujarat, I visited Kenya in 2008.
Yet, this month the International Energy Agency has reported that a surge in renewables has already halted global growth in energy-related carbon emissions.
It is expected to accelerate the development process of the country.
The Prime Minister said that saints have risen from time to time, in various parts of India, who have guided society to rid itself of social evils.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Policy framework to promote and incentivize Enhanced Recovery (ER)/ Improved Recovery (IR)/ Unconventional Hydrocarbon (UHC) production Methods/techniques to improve recovery factor of existing hydrocarbons reserves for augmenting domestic production of oil and gas.
This post forms a vital part of Diesel Component Factory, Dankuni on Eastern Railway and will strengthen the administrative frame work to ensure proper functioning of factory and to achieve the target outturn.
For renewal of existing Production Sharing Contracts, we have introduced a transparent method involving a flat percentage increase in Government profit share.
He said the Government of India is working towards the vision of providing housing for all by 2022.
Such individuals lend power to our nation.
It is a great honour to be the first Head of Government to deliver the keynote address at Singapore Fintech Festival.
I have met and spoken to hundreds of thousands of our brothers and sisters during my travels abroad – in USA, UK, Australia, South Africa, UAE, Qatar, Singapore, Fiji, China, Japan, South Korea, Kenya, Mauritius, Seychelles, Malaysia and other countries.
Expeditious RCE approval will enable project works to proceed smoothly without interruption.
No, immediately we takeout hanker chief from our pocket and starts wiping that.
· India has gone up 19 spots on the World Logistics Performance Index 2016 brought out by the World Bank.
Working Group Meeting of BRICS Development Banks(on Innovation Financing)( 14 October 2016, Goa) 36.
He played a pivotal role in helping India win Hockey Gold Medals in Olympic Games of 1928, 1932 and 1936.
He therefore urged civil servants to engage with the people, so that the Government’s schemes and initiatives can be better implemented on the ground.
He said the appeal was inspirational, and he has heard very encouraging news in this regard from the Supreme Court and the High Courts.
We also discussed developments in our region, including Afghanistan.
In our country, there have been unending endeavours against social ills and evil practices, both individually & collectively.
He recalled the historical links between the two countries, including the struggle against colonialism, and the railway construction work in Uganda.
The expedition has been titled Navika Sagar Parikrama.
The JID would impart clarity to the interpretation of the existing Agreement as itincludes interpretative notes to be jointly adopted for many clauses, including, the definition of investor, definition of investment, Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET), National Treatment (NT) and Most Favoured Nation (MFN) treatment, expropriation, Investor – State Dispute Settlement provision and Denial of Benefits.
This is an example where the daughters are stitching ordinary to good quality clothes for themselves and other families.
70-72 kilometres of Railway lines were to be laid, but the project was lying in limbo for the last 42 years.
Our economy has become more stable.
It is heartening that we have had very active and fruitful engagement on all possible fronts.
The Prime Minister said important steps had been taken in the drive against black money, and the outflow of unaccounted income to foreign destinations had been checked.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Telugu Poet, lyricist and writer Shri C Narayana Reddy.
By making access to credit easier for MSMEs, ease of doing business is also being ensured.
Completion of Gelephu-Dalu Corridor in collaboration with the ADB
He recalled how the Swachh Bharat Movement had been initiated three years ago, amid immense criticism.
And that is why my dear fellow countrymen, we will together strive to move ahead in this march towards development.
A National Technical Board has been recommended to handhold the States and Local Bodies in identification, evaluation, selection and procurement of technologies.
Khadi was a subject that Mahatma Gandhi brought to the core of India’s consciousness during the freedom struggle.
Traditional sports and games are structured in such a manner that along with physical ability, they enhance our logical thinking, concentration, alertness and energy levels.
This event is being held in India for the first time.
He will also lay foundation stone for Petrochemical Complex at the same venue.
He will arrive in Barauni where he will launch a series of development projects for Bihar.
I look forward to meet Prime Minister Dr. Mahathir Mohamad.
I agree wholeheartedly with your sentiments towards India, and our bilateral ties.
His first visit to the city was in December 2015, when he unveiled the statue of R. Sankar.
And this kind of countries bring about peace and harmony in the world.
Let us join hands even more closely and strongly.
Prime Minister warmly congratulated Mr. Trudeau for leading the Liberal Party to a victory in the recently concluded general election in Canada.
In recently years, the role being played by the Election Commission ensures greater participation of people in political affairs.
We will place special emphasis on cultural and people-to-people ties.
Addressing a gathering at the Asramam ground in Kollam, Prime Minister Modisaid that infrastructure development has been the priority of his Government and the Kollam bypass is an example.
India will continue to work closely with our BRICS partners in the spirit of mutual trust, respect and transparency.
How to achieve that was not specified and neither did they make any effort to remove poverty.
Environment Sustainability; including deliberation of global initiatives;
Under Bharat-Net, we are providing broad-band Internet connectivity to our villages.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed Easter greetings to the people around the world.
The reinstatement has been done by the Honourable Society of the Inner Temple, London.
I request you all not to take this exhibition casually rather see it with the eye of a student because it will help you in discharging your duties as a Sarpanch.
We produce the world’s second largest number of scientists and engineers.
Further, the rights of surrogate mother and children born out of surrogacy will be protected.
See it for yourself, the whole ambience will be transformed.
c) To encourage cooperation between tourism stakeholders including Hotels and Tour operators.
Over the years the company has diversified into other civil infrastructure construction projects.
Union Ministers Shri Rajnath Singh, Shri Manohar Parrikar, and Vice Chairman of NITI Aayog Shri Arvind Panagariya were present.
In order to break the organized nexus, both at the national and international level, the Bill provides for the attachment & forfeiture of property and also theproceeds for crime.
We want that under this new system you should have a bank account; your wages should be deposited directly into your bank so that payment of minimum wages is ensured.
When we do this, we will realise the full promise of this extraordinary relationship.
Later in the day, the Prime Minister will inaugurate the first Assembly of the International Solar Alliance at Vigyan Bhawan.
f. Strengthening academic, science and technology cooperation:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Lala Lajpat Rai, on his birth anniversary.
Lauding the role of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore, he said that Maharaja had a vision for Tripura and he contributed greatly to build the city of Agartala.
India is ranked 3rd in the Global Start-Up Eco-system, and has seen a momentous rise in the past couple of years.
Therefore, Brothers and sisters, I have waged a big war against corruption and black money.
The Minister noted the growing interest in UAE for investment in India in sectors such as energy, housing, food processing and infrastructure.
Whether it is on loss of their passports, need for legal advice, medical assistance, shelter, or even transportation of mortal remains to India, I have directed all Indian embassies to be proactive to address problems of Indian nationals abroad.
Under the leadership of respected Bapu, lakhs of people sacrificed their lives and spent their youth in prisons to win freedom for our country.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Mumbai tomorrow.
For many years, I have been spending a lot of time with students on Teachers Day and that too as a student myself.
I invite more and more Israeli people, businesses and companies to come and work in India.
Friends, strengthening of our emotional bonds will also strengthen our shared cultural and trade heritage.
33 cities of Tamil Nadu have been included in the Amrit Mission.
The Bill seeks to achieve the following objectives:
Some studies have estimated that India stands to lose about 4.58 trillion dollars before 2030 due to non communicable diseases and mental health conditions.
There is global resurgence in traditional and alternative health care systems resulting in world herbal trade which stands at US$ 120 billion and is expected to reach US$ 7 trillion by 2050.
Friends, Atal ji believed in the power of connectivity and we are taking his vision forward.
Today, the issue of transparency in financial transactions is a cause of serious concern for the world.
I would like to stress on the need for multi-stake-holder partnerships for achieving success.
He said the Gujarat Forensic Sciences University is playing a decisive role in global security, through its training and education.
Our shared values, suffering and struggles provide a strong foundation to our strategic partnership.
Data is the engine that drives artificial intelligence.
The Prime Minister said that this annual conference has now undergone a transformation in the way it is conducted.
The Committee of Secretaries recommended in July, 2015 that Ministry of Steel may explore the possibility of merger/takeover of HSCL by another CPSE in a related sector.
This has prompted the state governments into a healthy competition among themselves to ensure a business friendly eco-system.
It is what is felt deep within a smiling heart.”
The Pan Africa E-Network links 48 African countries to India, and to one another.
Talking about infrastructure, whether it be speed of rails, roads, I-ways, highways or a new airport, our nation is witnessing fast paced development.
As such, an ordinary citizen will not face any difficulty as technology technological tools have been built for this purpose.
Together, we will continue efforts to combat international terrorism, which poses a great threat to maintenance of peace and security.
Since the 13th Summit in Brussels last year, our relationship has steadily gained momentum.
Some of the methods, are part of your agenda, such as using Aadhaar to target subsidies to the deserving.
Through self-imposed discipline in the management of our financial resources, we have been able to allocate more resources for infrastructure sectors.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) and Civil Service Council of Mongolia (CSCM).
If oil prices were the driver of success, those countries would all be showing similar results.
Our strongest area is diamond cutting and polishing.
This will enable the Self Help Groups to begin cashless digital transactions.
Highest PLB amount of 78 days’ wages was paid for the financial years 2010-11, 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14.
If one has to achieve holistic development, the fact is that there exists a huge world, a life beyond books; and this precisely is the time to learn living that life also.
The Prime Minister urged civil servants to build teams.
I raised this topic with some of my senior colleagues.
He said financial inclusion had received a big boost with the opening of 17 crore bank accounts through the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
· It also reflects the global need to produce things at lower cost.
But, a positive peace where we all work to promote dialogue, harmony and justice, based on compassion and wisdom.
· 2nd BRICS Skills Competition (Johannesburg)
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today gave its approval for creation of a supernumerary post in the rank of Air Marshal in Indian Air Force for a period of seventeen months from 01 December, 2014 to 30 April, 2016 for abiding by the Orders of Hon’ble Armed Forces Tribunal (Principal Bench), New Delhi.
However brothers and sisters, today this figure has increased to almost 6.75 crore.
India has been actively involved in power transmission and agricultural sectors in Lao PDR.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
I will address a public meeting in Udaipur.
It is good to see that changes and corrections are taking place not just at the level of the Federal Government but also at the state level.
And this will definitely bring a visible change in your villages too.
More than being a cure to ailments, it is a means to wellness.
Top energy CEOs and investors, including Ahmad Chatila, CEO SunEdison; Nikesh Arora, President and COO, Softbank; K.R. Sridhar, CEO, Bloom Energy; Jonathan Wolfson, CEO, Solazyme; John Doerr, Venture Capitalist; and Ira Ehrenpreis of DBL partners were present.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today performed Shramdaan for the construction of a twin pit toilet at Shahanshahpur village in Varanasi.
The setting up of new units at Sindri, Gorakhpur and Barauni will meet the growing demand of urea of Bihar, West Bengal and Jharkhand.
Sometimes they will spend 40 days on the seas in one go; at times, thirty.
“Delighted that India won the Blind T20 World Cup.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its ex-post facto approval for amendments to the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 by introducing the Maternity Benefit (Amendment) Bill, 2016 in Parliament.
The essence of performing one’s duty as explained in Gita was embodied in their persona.
The battle of Asal Uttar is remembered for the heroics of Veer Abdul Hamid, who was posthumously awarded the Param Vir Chakra.
He succeeded despite many constraints.
R&D Institutions of Public sector Oil Marketing companies and Automobile Testing Agencies such as ARAI, CIRT, ICAT etc. have State-of-the-art facilities and resources will also be a contributor to the Annex(s) participated by MoP&NG.
The lost decades speak to us about the ravages of a long drawn war.
One thing was common and that was to live for the country, do something for the nation; they led the people not by mere sermons but by their actions.
MeitY has entered into MoUs / Agreements with counterpart organizations/agencies of various countries to promote close cooperation and exchange of information in the area of ICT.
He said that on the birth anniversary for Dr. Kalam, we must explore how we can encourage innovation in India.
This will facilitate uniformity of the process across the country.
In case of resignation of the Chairperson, section 5(1) of the Act provides for him to continue in office until his successor is duly appointed by the Government.
Climate change is a major global challenge.
Today, corporates and financial institutions want legal experts who can help close business deals and transactions without any disputes and litigations.
To my entrepreneur friends from across the globe, I would like to say: Come, Make in India, Invest in India – for India, and for the world.
The following are the salient features of the MoU:
Let me now turn to energy efficiency.
3. The benefit would also be extended to family pensioners including war widows and disabled pensioners.
Our ties are as ancient as history.
It is also a tribute to your unbreakable spirit to rise above the depths of tragedy, overcome hatred and forge ahead to build a vibrant democratic nation.
And those gifted with extra-ordinary intelligence do not let inquisitiveness to remain just that; they begin further questioning it, look around for newer queries, and try to create new realms in the spirit of enquiry.
Constitution of an Empowered Group of Secretaries headed by CEO, NITI Aayog with Secretary, Ministry of Civil Aviation, Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs and Secretary, Department of Expenditure to decide on any issue falling beyond the scope of PPPAC.
Dr. Kim appreciated India’s rapid progress in improving the ease of doing business, especially in the area of logistics.
Many nations are proactively supporting us.
It will carry greater credibility and legitimacy and will be more representative and effective in addressing the challenges of the 21st century.
I express my felicitations and admiration for the Kulkarni family, I congratulate them.
“I congratulate Justice Dipak Misra on taking oath as the Chief Justice of India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to Babu Jagjivan Ram on his death anniversary.
They noted that the choice of Amritsar underscored the value of restoring connectivity and was in consonance with this year’s theme for HoA: ‘Addressing Challenges, Achieving Prosperity’.
In this context, the Prime Minister emphasized on value addition in horticulture and cash crops.
Citizens and social organizations have played an active role in this remarkable achievement.
In particular, I am referring to infrastructure.
In this context, they urged all parties to resolve disputes through peaceful means without resorting to threat or use of force and exercise self-restraint in the conduct of activities, and avoid unilateral actions that raise tensions.
3rd December is a day to remember all such people and get inspired by them.
The aim is to work together to develop a mutually beneficial relationship in the best interest of members, students and their organizations.
The BharatNet project envisages connecting Gram Panchayats with underground optical fibre network.
In order to extend insurance cover to India’s large population, the Government has increased the FDI limit in insurance and pension sector to 49%.
In this conference, let us resolve to work together to protect the tiger and its space.
He said that he considers it his honour to visit Patna University and be among the students.
“Congratulations, Ms. Sania Mirza and Ms. Martina Hingis on the phenomenal victory at the US Open.
a) The Central Government will provide interest subvention of 5 per cent per annum to all farmers for short term crop loan upto one year for loan upto Rs. 3 lakhs borrowed by them during the year 2016-17.
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting.
Korea was, and still remains, a role-model of economic growth for me.
The contemporary relations between India and Malaysia are quite extensive and spread across many areas.
Land Use, Land Use Change and Forestry (LULUCF)**
He enthusiastically explained to the Prime Minister how he was able to set up a unit to produce herbal tooth powder, thanks to a Mudra Loan of Rs. 8.55 lakh.
(1) “Andhra Pradesh Irrigation and Livelihood Improvement Project (Phase2)” Between JICA and Ministry of Finance (MoF), LA was signed on 13 December 2017.
The MoU entails setting up of a framework of cooperation between the two countries for implementing development partnership projects and programmes in Africa.
Life moves ahead depending upon the condition that whatever the sense of mission you have achieved and whatever is the sense of ambition that you nurture, whether there is any ongoing co-ordination between your sense of mission and your sense of ambition!
Over the period since May 2014, more than one lakh files have been weeded out.
Not only that, she has become the synonym of life for many devotees.
He said Eastern India has been a focus area for the Government.
I also salute the holy land of Karnataka, where saint like Madhavacharya emerged in one hand and in other hand spiritual souls like Acharya Shankar and Acharya Ramanuj gave it special affection.
Shri Ahmad Javed, Ambassador of India to Saudi Arabia
I have been to his annual readers meeting which were an unprecedented editor reader interface.
PM said the diaspora is equally important in our resolve for a New India.
In the past 70 years, 70 lakh enterprises were included in the Indirect tax net.
Unfortunately, over time we seem to have neglected our individual and collective sense of duty.
Last December, in Kabul, I was moved by the honour of inaugurating the Afghan Parliament Building.
viii. Any other areas of mutual interest
I admire the work of people like late Shri P.N. Panicker and his foundation.
CEO, DMICDC will also function as Member Secretary/ CEO of the NICDIT.
The very name of Shastriji evokes a feeling of eternal faith in the hearts of us, Indians.
Even in India, every young footballer wants to bend it like Beckham.
The winter session of parliament gets underway today.
Also, the State Electricity Boards or Distribution companies may be mandated to compulsorily buy the power generated from the waste to energy plants.
By the way, if I continue enumerating examples of the Purusharth, the character & the mettle of Indians, or those of our collective endeavour, this episode of Mann Ki Baat will go on and on, perhaps to the point when 2019 makes an entry!
Shri Khandu Maruti Mhatre, a farmer of Narayanpur village of of Junner Taluka of Pune got his granddaughter Sonal married in a very inspiring manner.
I wish to share the issue close to my heart with you.
I am happy that there has been an increase in Digital transactions.
We should find ways to innovate Charted Nutral Firms Technology.
15. In pursuance of the 2008 Agreement on the Development of Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy between India and France as well as the January 2016 roadmap of cooperation, the two leaders noted with satisfaction the conclusion of the Industrial Way Forward Agreement between NPCIL and EDF for the Implementation of six nuclear power reactor units at Jaitapur, Maharashtra, India.
One way in which we are doing this is through cooperative and competitive federalism.
In this context, he particularly mentioned the importance of social media.
We are also donating essential medicines and medical equipment for Kenya’s public health system, including for the treatment AIDS.
Background:
The MoU between CERT-In and BGD e-Gov CIRT would be implemented through a duly set up Joint Committee on Cyber Security.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his twenty-second interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
You will see how the Gandhi Jayanti of this 2nd October shines.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the flood relief operations at a high level meeting at Ahmedabad Airport.
In entry 5, after “BhariaBhumia,”, the following shall be inserted, namely:-
While engaging with India, the investors used to bemoan the lack of infrastructure, the blackouts due to power shortage and the bottlenecks.
My thanks to all the political parties for this.
By signing the 15 year contract, India’s exclusive rights for exploration of Polymetallic Sulphides in the allotted Area in the Central Indian Ridge, and South West Indian Ridge in Indian Ocean will be formalized.
Throughout the week every one, old or young, should wear the flag.
This year marks the centenary of the Champaran Satyagraha.
Within the United Nations framework, World Health Organization is the directing and coordinating authority for health.
The current intra-band cap is removed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated all sportspersons and sports enthusiasts on the National Sports Day.
Protecting our planet from climate change is one of the most important tasks for this generation.
A detailed road-map in this direction has also been presented.
Last year marked the 40th anniversary of Mozambican independence and of establishment of our diplomatic ties.
Life & teachings of Lord Buddha embody service, compassion and renunciation.
With a spotlight on economic ties, both President Putin and I will also be interacting with CEOs from both countries.
We will attract investments in the solar sector, encourage joint ventures and develop innovative financing mechanisms.
It will be carried out under the existing Production Sharing Contracts (PSCs), CBM contracts and Nomination fields to encourage the existing Contractors in the licensed/leased area to unlock the potential of unconventional hydrocarbons in the existing acreages.
Shri Sharad Rao, Kissan Leader are here with us.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the National Transplant Organization, Ministry of Health, Social Services and Equality, Spain and the Directorate General of Health Services, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, India on cooperation in the field of Organ Transplant Services.
Thirdly, there is another group of letter writers, also existing in large numbers.
· Also in 2015, our major ports handled the highest ever quantity of cargo.
The Indian economy is being strengthened and India is also strengthening the global economy
This Kanjur was revised, edited and xylographed from 1908 to 1920 under the patronage of the last Jibcundampa of Mongolia.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the Nation on Independence Day.
“I bow to Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev on their martyrdom day & salute their indomitable valour & patriotism that inspires generations.
But the matter would remain at a standstill.
BC- Before Congress, when nothing happened.
The best thing is that the State Governments are also enthusiastically participating in the expansion of our Railways.
Cooperation will also be effected through exchange of experts, materials and information, exchange of trainees and scientists on study visits/training programmes, facilitation of relevant conferences and workshops and any other means as may be mutually agreed upon.
We have made new openings in the region, including with Australia, Mongolia and Pacific Islands.
It is also a good strategy for providing electricity to remote villages and hamlets.
India endorsed the London Declaration and Kasane Statement on Illegal Wildlife Trade.
During his address, the Prime Minister also invited persons in the gathering, especially who have not visited India, on the occasion of Kumbha Mela in January 2019 to experience the cultural and spiritual tradition of India.
Six groups of officers made presentations on the themes of nutrition, education, basic infrastructure, agriculture and water resources, eradication of Left Wing Extremism and financial inclusion and skill development.
Yad Vashem is a reminder of the unspeakable evil inflicted generations ago.
Independence Day should not be a government event, it should be the celebration of the entire people.
He flagged off a new Express train (Rameswaram to Ayodhya) – named Shraddha Setu – via video conference.
The Prime Minister said that change has been initiated in the entire ecosystem of defence procurement.
Speaking on development themes, he said that every Indian must have access to housing facilities.
Indeed 70% of SBI’s network lies in rural and semi urban areas.
And we are well on course to exceed these targets.
• Energy effeciency पर बल
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Nepal on Drug Demand Reduction and Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances and precursor chemicals and related matters.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Tripartite Agreement among India, Brazil and South Africa (IBSA), on the IBSA Fund for the Alleviation of Poverty and Hunger.
The CLSS for MIG is currently effective up to 31.03.2019.
How I wish to make the sky listen to
This is being done in downstream retail, as well as in upstream oil and gas production, asset maintenance and remote monitoring.
The Prime Minister congratulated Ms. Patel on her appointment as Secretary of State for International Development.
We are fourth largest in Wind Energyand fifth largest producer of Solar Energy.
One of his discoveries is famous as the Raman Effect.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to the Chief Minister of Bihar Shri Nitish Kumar regarding the flood situation in parts of the state.
Similarly, he mentioned the initiative taken by doctors across the country to treat poor pregnant women free of cost on the 9th of every month.
This is how we wish ourselves and our partners to proceed in this vast region and beyond.
It creates a powerful incentive for states to manage the electricity sector efficiently.
A series of events and programs have been organized alongside the summit.
India has always stressed on the importance of equality for women and the UN Declaration of Human Rights is a living example of this.
This can only happen when one can empathise with the poor, the farmer, and the oppressed and is determined to take them out of their problems.
April 10th, 2018 marks the end of the centenary year celebrations of the ChamparanSatyagrah, and is going to be celebrated through the “Satyagrah se Swachhagrah” campaign.
Bharat Net is targeted at providing last mile internet connectivity in the country.
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by PM.
He succeeds Shri L. C. Goyal.
g) Cooperation and coordinating in international forums and organizations concerned with tourism affairs.
He will visit the National Museum, and address the gathering.
He said the aim is to improve “Ease of Living.”
On way to Kenya, I had also visited Mozambique, South Africa and Tanzania.
There is a niche market for such products.
We are the world’s second largest exporter of shrimps.
We have initiated the Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Mission to bring in economic, social and basic development of the rural areas in a cluster model.
Monks and merchants have nurtured our ties and enriched our societies.
He participated in Swachh Shakti- 2019, a convention of Women Sarpanches and felicitated the women sarpanches from across the country with the Swachh Shakti-2019 awards.
And everyone should contribute towards the cause of cleanliness.
· It reflects our collective desire to engage in productive activities;
Based on the workshop, Earthquake Early Detection and Warning System, Disaster Risk Assessment particularly with regards to earthquakes and sharing of experiences and good practices on public awareness (e.g. through mock exercises) were identified as concrete action points to take the India-Japan cooperation in this field forward.
It was during his tenure that the timing of presenting the budget was changed.
Today, as we remember Lord Buddha, you must have heard about the idols of laughing Buddha, it is said that laughing Buddha brings one good fortune, but very few people know that smiling Buddha is also associated with an important event in India’s defense history.
This proves that when humanity stands together, it creates wonders.
These steps are building momentum towards real-time transfer of information, knowledge and skills to farmers.
He urged all Secretaries whose departments have extensive public dealing, to set up a system for top-level monitoring of grievances immediately.
From individual to the world
The Task Force will comprise of members who are in house experts as well as those from outside.
“Saddened by the loss of lives at a mine in Jharkhand.
Remembering such important events gives a new boost to the life and strength to the nation.
The Banning of Unregulated Deposit Schemes Bill, 2018
Addressing the gathering on this occasion, the Prime Minister complimented industry representatives and all others present, for their efforts in improving India’s ranking in “Ease of Doing Business (EoDB).”
Our shared developmental challenges do not face the problem of scale.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
Lower Zakum Concession agreement: this is the first ever investment of an Indian company in the upstream sector of middle-east.
As this country knows well, every journey has its pioneers.
muraiai India ulagirakku allikkum”).
Our partnership addresses a broad range of strategic and security concerns.
We both are democratic countries filled with diversities.
I am not urging too much on this issue, but I would like this awareness to spread.
I have high hopes from this interaction and partnership of CEOs, which started last year.
We have taken the initiative.
Members of the delegation briefed the Prime Minister on development issues concerning the State, and said that benefits of central assistance to the State have not reached the villages due to non-empowerment of the Panchayats, in line with the rest of the country.
He said more than 13,000 hospitals across the country have joined the scheme so far.
Our ties with Japan – from economic to strategic – have been completely transformed.
In his remarks on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the schemes as an example of “sone pe suhaaga” (icing on the cake).
I was pleased to see that there has been significant participation and presence from African countries in our States.
• Carry out dialogue and cooperative activities in the field of intellectual property rights under the MoU signed between the Swedish Patent Registration Office and the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion of India.
First, the cost of 850 essential medicines were regulated and the prices of heart stent and equipment for knee surgery were reduced.
There will be an interaction with Russian businesspersons to invite them to invest in India.
India and the EU underline the importance of the regional and key international stakeholders to respect, support and promote a political process and its outcome in order to ensure peace, security and prosperity in Afghanistan.
The jump in India’s ranking in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Report, from 142 to 100, in three years, is a result of this.
Parties to the dispute may agree that their dispute be resolved through fast track procedure.
iv. Amendment of clause 6 (d) of the Bill to provide for use of monies realised from the user agencies in lieu for forest land diverted in protected areas for voluntary relocation from protected areas.
I also thank President of Brazil that we have been getting your guidance and an opportunity to work with you since the last six times and as you said, this is our last meeting with you.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated weightlifter Sathish Kumar Sivalingam on winning the Gold Medal at Commonwealth Games.
In Varanasi, the two leaders will visit the Deen Dayal Hastkala Sankul.
The leaders held wide ranging and constructive discussions and underlined the growing convergence between the two countries on regional and international issues.
Members of the Palestinian and Indian delegations,
In our effort to build disaster resilience, we stand shoulder to shoulder with all the nations of the region.
As per the investment approval dated 29.01.2016, the indicative completion cost of the Telangana Super Thermal Power Project (TSTPP) is Rs. 11811.26 crs. out of which Rs. 1849 crs. expenditure have been incurred upto March 2018.
The Prime Minister spoke of his recent visit to the United Nations, and said all leaders present there had expressed concern over global warming and the threat it posed to mankind.
Cutting edge innovation is the corner-stone of our times.
Ease of Doing Business is an index of World Bank which inter alia refers to the dispute resolution environment in a country which facilitates the investors in deciding for setting up of and operation of a business.
This is the first ever batch of IAS Officers to commence their career with a stint in the Central Government.
Thus, Hindu and Buddhist religions are in that sense more philosophies and not just belief systems.
• We are working on a new bankruptcy code; the Company Law Tribunal is soon going to be formed.
The Common Application Software (CAS) will be developed by the BMGF with support of their partners and would be made available to the Ministry free of cost along with its ‘Source Code’ for hosting by MWCD with NIC.
He unveiled a Road Map for overall development of tribals during the next five years.
• ICAI and ICPAK will provide opportunities to key members of the reciprocal body’s staff to learn from their knowledge and experience through informal work placements to be agreed through a work schedule.
Keep your mind open to new ideas, views and opinions.
“Passage of Rights of Persons with Disabilities Bill – 2016 is a landmark moment and will add tremendous strength to Accessible India movement.
Every coach has a pantry with facility to serve hot meals, hot and cold beverages.
We will discuss ways to enhance bilateral engagement, especially in the economic sphere, and cooperation on international issues of common concern, particularly in combating terrorism.
Thomas Alva Edison, the inventor of the light bulb, failed many a time in his experiments.
He said that is a special moment for him as he had laid the foundation stone for the Nagpur Metro in 2014.
The Treaty would provide a legal framework for seeking extradition of terrorists, economic offenders and other criminals from and to Lithuania.
I am happy that in such a short span of time, it has just been 15 days but the government is moving at a very fast pace.
PM will distribute keys to beneficiaries of PMAY.
Your Excellency Dr. Angela Merkel!
This very city of Hyderabad is home to Saina Nehwal, PV Sindhu, and Sania Mirza, who have brought laurels to India.
In Mann Ki Baat, I have always remembered one sentence of Acharya Vinoba Bhave.
On the 18th, at BHU Amphitheatre, the Prime Minister will inaugurate or lay the Foundation Stone for various development projects, cumulatively worth more than Rs. 500 crore.
Clearly, there is a lot more that needs to be done.The solution to the hard-ships we face is in hard work.
12. The Sides welcomed the start of consultations on the Free Trade Agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and its member states, on one side, and the Republic of India – on the other,and supported the idea to expedite the negotiation process.
Every country has to benchmark its activities to global standards, or else fall behind.
We will work to foster the democratization and reform of global political, economic, financial and social institutions, for them to better accommodate the interests of all members of the international community.
He had earlier dedicated the Kochi Metro to the nation in June, and the Hyderabad Metro in November.
SAWEN, a Regional network is comprised of eight countries in South Asia: Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
Shri Modi will attend the One District, One Product Regional Summit at Deendayal Hastakala Sankul (Trade Facilitation Centre & Crafts Museum) in Varanasi.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his greetings to the people on United Nations Day.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Outstanding Parliamentarian Awards at the function organized by the Indian Parliamentary Group in New Delhi.
You will feel much lighter.
The cost of the Project is about Rs.5,700 crore.
As I have often said India’s strength lies in the three Ds: Democracy, Demography and Demand.
She hoped that this initiative would further enhance the interaction between people from all parts of the country and the Prime Minister on various issues concerning their welfare and development.
This is a special case so that directions can be granted to DDA under Section 21(1) of the DD Act, 1957 read alongwith Section 41(1) of the Act.
• Enhanced long term finance for infrastructure in developing countries.
The North East, a land of beauty and adventure, has been hit by several natural calamities in the recent past, on account of heavy rain and landslides.
The event has been organized by Uttar Pradesh Government to showcase the investment opportunities and potential in the state.
It is a reflection of our capability and helps in building the confidence and faith of the future generations.
In 2016, Akshaya Patra commemorated the serving of 2 billion cumulative meals in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
We also plan to connect Afghanistan with India through an air transport corridor
The investment to be undertaken for development of NWs on identified projects in 2017-18 is estimated to be approximately Rs. 2412.50 crore.
Those who have looted the poor will have to return that to the poor.
He met the team of doctors and medical staff attending to Lance Naik Hanumanthappa, and emphasized that no effort should be spared in his treatment.
It is the grace and majesty, and the roar, of the two lions.
Shri Modi will also pay floral tribute at the Vigraha of Srila Prabhupad, the Acharya of ISCKON.
He further said that the State has undertaken preparatory steps to implement the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana in right earnest.
I thank members of the Electoral College.
In fact, all of India’s development agenda is relevant for Japanese companies.
Expertise and technology so developed is applied all over the country as per felt needs.
There are two common Boards namely, Board of assessment and rating to assess and grant permission to educational institutions of Indian systems of Medicine and Board of ethics and registration of practitioners of Indian systems of medicine to maintain National Register and ethical issues relating to practice under the National Commission for Indian Medicine.
Public sentiments are attached with the cow.
The TIWB Programme aims to strengthen tax administrations of developing countries by transferring technical know-how and skills to their tax auditors, and through the sharing of general audit practices and dissemination of knowledge products with them.
It pioneered and led the growth of mobile money services globally.
Our development partnership stretches across nearly every sector of human activity such as agriculture, education, health, resettlement, transport, power, culture, water, shelter, sports, and human resources.
Asserting that a strong energy sector is needed for the growth of any country, the Prime Minister said that we cannot alleviate poverty if we are energy poor.
All important monuments in the country are being illuminated in Tricolour.
Combating the menace of “black money” and tax evasion is also our shared priority.
Speaking after the launch of a commemorative coin to mark the inauguration of the birth centenary celebrations of Rani Gaidinliu, the Prime Minister said it is our misfortune that people such as Rani Gaidinliu have either not been remembered adequately, or have been deliberately forgotten.
Based on the consultation with NSE, BSE, Banks and Department of Post, features of product to emulate ‘On Tap’ sale would be finalised by Ministry of Finance.
A place that was also visited by Swami Vivekanand on his return from the United States in 1897.
Stressing on the need to build capacities for good governance, he highlighted the importance of real-time data availability.
He said all of this could not be possible without employment opportunities also increasing.
With that spirit, we are moving towards implementation of some historic initiatives.
It is estimated that more Americans bend for yoga than to throw a curve ball.
Now the government will contribute 12% in EPF Account of new laborers for a period of 3 years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will attend annual Conference of Parties (COP)-21 summit on environment and climate change at Paris, on November 30, 2015.
Thank you, Excellency, for your warm words of welcome.
However, there have been representations from different organizations of Bodos to fulfil various outstanding demands.
This symbolizes a spirit of vigilance- that we have to protect nature and mould our activities in sync with our ecological surroundings.
PM said that the Government has focussed on aspects relating to nutrition and quality healthcare.
Museums dedicated to the 1857 War of Independence and the JallianwalaBagh massacre also form part of the complex.
Which Indian would not be proud of our soldiers?
The move comes in the backdrop of the package of reforms announced by the Government for generation of one crore jobs in the textile and apparel industry over next 3 years.
PM inaugurated the electrification of 297 km long section of Jhansi- Khairar section.
With this, the stage is set for 9th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit,scheduled to be held during January 18-20in Gandhinagar.
Speaking on the occasion, Prime Minister saluted the courage and sacrifice of policemen who laid down their lives for the service of the nation.
He said that Rashtra Dharma is above every Dharma (religion).
On 30 May, Chancellor Merkel and I will hold the 4th IGC to review the state of our bilateral relationship.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana provides risk insurance to millions who need it the most.
He mentioned the PRAGATI interactions with various Ministries and States that he chairs every month, to resolve issues in pending projects.
3. Your money will remain yours.
Speaking on the occasion, he said Swami Vivekananda was not just an individual, but the very soul of the millennia-old Indian culture.
He said the theme – Beyond Politics: Defining National Priorities – is an extremely important one.
In view of the same, the Convention was conceived as a Multilateral instrument which would swiftly modify all covered bilateral tax treaties (Covered Tax Agreements / CTA) to implement BEPS measures.
1. Cost plus fee contract: Private operator is paid a monthly/annual payment for O&M of system.
And I am fully aware of the fact that eliminating fake companies and taking action against black money can be politically incorrect and pose a risk to any political party.
An India that is fully ready to take the challenges and opportunities of the present and the future.
The Sinhalese Nayak Kings of Kandy had matrimonial alliances with the Nayak Kings of Madurai and Tanjore.
The University of Nairobi is a glorious institution.
Within no time they bounce back.
Shri Narendra Modi said that with this vision of Swami Vivekanand, “India is going forward with full self-confidence.”
My deepest condolences to the families of those who lost their loved ones to the terror strikes in Brussels last week.
The public had well placed the Gandhian mantra of ‘Do or Die’.
He is a strong global voice of concern on climate change, especially for small island countries.
India’s free trade agreements in the region are its oldest and among the most ambitious anywhere.
The key to finding a solution to this issue lies with the affected parties.
An opportunity to achieve a quantum jump in our partnership across different fields.
The cooperation is achieved through exchange of Information on developments in areas of railways, technology & operations, knowledge sharing, technical visits, training & seminars and workshops in areas of mutual interest.
This is an example of constructive competitive federalism.
The current status of malnutrition, stunting and related problems was reviewed.
A mobile ATM is one where cash can be drawn and simple banking tasks done through a hand held device.
65% of our population is below 35 years of age and is hungry for technology-enabled growth.
This is despite the fact that India has little diamond or gold production.
The Joint Stamps were released on 26th July 2018.
There is a great entrepreneurial zeal amongst our youth.
New Regional Offices at Raipur and Gandhinagar have been opened and the sub-regional office at Guwahati has been upgraded to Regional office.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister recalled one of his “Mann Ki Baat” programmes, where he had exhorted people to talk not just about their rights, but also about their duties.
The Prime Minister will address the beneficiaries.
It is my firm belief that if we provide the right encouragement and a nurturing ecosystem, our youth has the ability to become global leaders in providing solutions to the challenges facing humanity.
It is a matter of happiness that direct relations between the peoples of our two countries continue to grow through active interaction in areas such as education, skill development, culture and tourism.
This, in itself is empowering the middle class families.
From the core of my heart, I congratulate those Air Warriors and their families who rendered service to the nation.
Leaders from varied organizations and levels of government will be sharing ideas and experiences for creating a sustainable future through sound infrastructure investment.
My dear countrymen,
My dear brothers and sisters, the winters are about to start.
I thank President Obama for hosting this Summit on Peacekeeping.
This in itself was our commitment & dedication towards peace.
The plan is based on the four priority themes of the “Sendai Framework,” namely: understanding disaster risk, improving disaster risk governance, investing in disaster risk reduction (through structural and non-structural measures) and disaster preparedness, early warning and building back better in the aftermath of a disaster.
In addition, there will be an Administration Block, AYUSH Block, Auditorium, Night Shelter, Hostels and residential facilities.
The mishap took place on Sunday, 22nd April, 2016.
Congratulations Tejaswini Sawant for the Gold in the women’s 50m Rifle 3 Positions event.
The divine fragrance of Buddhism spread from India to all corners of the globe.
Only very few people might be knowing as to what stupendous feats were performed by these DIVYANG people in the Paralympics this time.
Gandhiji, Jai Prakashji, Deen Dayalji were such great personalities who remained far away from the corridors of power but lived every moment for the people, kept fighting all odds following the principle “Sarv Jan Hitay – Sarv Jan Sukhay”, they kept endeavouring tirelessly.
Whether it is an individual, an organisation or a political party, everyone has to abide by law and one will have to.
The website can now be accessed in Assamese and Manipuri in keeping with the requests from the citizens of the two states.
He said the Vedas have said that milking of nature is permitted, but exploitation of nature is not.
(f) Individual projects with a minimum project cost of USD 250 million will only qualify for such special loans.
The welfare of farmers was a priority in his life.
EdCIL, a PSU of Ministry of HRD, Government of India has been asked to submit a proposal for preparation of detailed Project Report for the permanent campuses.
Thus there are big arrears of payments, which remain pending.
Your theme for this Congress is a fitting tribute to his vision.
AAI has no previous experience in awarding O&M contract model of terminal buildings to other entities.
h) Trading across the borders
Unified Payment Interface-UPI has given the e-commerce industry a lot of strength.
Kalpana Chawla and Sunita Williams, both of Indian origin, have been part of US space missions.
The mobilized gold will also supplement RBI’s gold reserves and will help in reducing the government’s borrowing cost.
The hubs will share major infrastructure, drive our national science missions and be the engines that link discovery to application.
It shall provide for increased accessibility for the hearing impaired in education, in the workplace and in all activities of public life.
Last month onwards, they have started broadcasting versions in regional languages, immediately after the broadcast of my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
We are the second largest English speaking country.
The #Sandesh2Soldiers campaign gives every citizen an opportunity to spread happiness and cheer among the Indian Armed Forces, who are guarding our nation’s frontiers, far from their loved ones on Diwali.
Women now constitute around 20% of the elected Members of Parliament in Africa.
You must be playing cricket on the computer but the pleasure of actually playing cricket in an open field under the sky is something else.
The Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code passed recently will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
Hard policy decisions such as the introduction of Goods and Services Tax have been taken.
I am very happy to welcome Argentina as a new member in the International Solar Alliance (ISA).
He requested all Chief Secretaries to ensure that safe drinking water is made available to the residents of all 500 towns under AMRUT.
Deputy Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Nitin Patel
It is rightly with our most important defence partner.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi addressed the last sitting of 16th Lok Sabha today.
I must admit with pride that if a single individual decides it in his heart then a huge Public campaign can be launched .
The Prime Minister said most of our natural resources and forests were found in the same parts of the country, as tribal communities.
A house, a car – all that comes later.
India reiterated its commitment to Paris Agreement and highlighted its leadership during the COP-24 by reuniting its promise to implement the Paris Agreement fully in a collective manner.
BRICS Railway Research Network 3.
But, ask the taxi driver or the corner vendor in India what he has gained from his cell phone, and the debate gets settled.
Based on past experience, the Reserve Bank will hereafter make arrangements to limit the share of high denomination notes in the total currency in circulation.
It can also infiltrate or acquire control of large sectors of the economy.
As I have said before, my goal is “reform to transform”.
It will give impetus to the e-Governance activities in the backward and LWE affected area with the availability of digital mobile connectivity.
(a) Women convicts of 55 years of age and above, who have completed 50% of their actual sentence period.
These are exceptionally robust numbers.
PM added that Air India Express flight will soon connect Surat to Sharjah.
This is because both countries are strengthening their economic fundamentals.
I am mentioning just the case of Jawed because of lack of time but such lights of inspiration are prevalent in every corner of the country.
Dear countrymen, there is news of dengue everywhere.
Just see it as a challenge – do I remember what I was taught during the year, can I solve these problems.
I also take this opportunity of welcoming you all to this meeting.
Later today, I will inaugurate one such project at Sree Padmanabhaswamy
Minor children, who are foreign nationals, and foreign spouses can also get OCI status now.
He said GeM will be of immense use for MSMEs.
Prime Minister Modi thanked President Solih for the special gesture of inviting him to the Inauguration Ceremony.
It will mean advanced countries leaving enough carbon space for developing countries to grow.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today paid homage at Amar Jawan Jyoti at India Gate in New Delhi, on the Golden Jubilee to commemorate the victory and sacrifice of Indian soldiers in the India-Pak War of 1965.
49. The Sides reaffirmed the commitment of India and Russia for a political resolution of the conflict in Syria, through an inclusive Syrian-led, Syrian-owned political process which safeguards the state sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity of Syria in pursuance of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2254 (2015).
India’s experiences in this field can help build systems, institutions and capacities in Kenya.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO), Ministry Of Health and Family Welfare of the Republic of India and Food and Drugs (FDA), Ministry of Health and Sports of Myanmar on Cooperation in Medical Products Regulation.
25. The ‘Start-up India’ program aims at converging innovation and technology with entrepreneurship for our tech-savvy youth.
They also tasked the two Defence Ministers to explore collaboration between defence industries for joint production of equipment with technology transfer, technical assistance, and capacity building cooperation.
When young laughter is silenced by guns on the streets, you are the voice that heals.
Describing the values of innovation and democracy, as a blessing for mankind, he said India and Germany share these values.
He said Swachh Bharat Mission offers great opportunities for “waste to wealth” entrepreneurship, with significant benefits to community health.
But, do you know why we Indian citizens commemorate this day as Infantry Day?
As the world’s majority works its way to prosperity on a planet left with very limited carbon space, we have to do many things.
But, more than numbers and documents, the biggest outcome is our renewed friendships, stronger partnerships and greater solidarity.
The International Association of Insurance Supervisors is a global framework for cooperation and information exchange between insurance supervisors.
We would like to go in the same path.
Germany has considerable interest in Traditional Systems of Medicine.
When on the one hand, a sense of festivity pervades the land, and on the other, news of violence comes in, from one part of the country, it is only natural of be concerned.
Earlier, addressing a large rally of Ex-Servicemen, the Prime Minister said that it is the result of the valour and dedication of lakhs of soldiers that the Indian Army is today considered among the strongest in the world.
Q. Does this decision imply a more pro-Israel posture in the U.N.?
It must be backed by resolute action.
राष्ट्रपति Donald Trump, Friends, Ladies and Gentlemen of the media,
H.E. Dr. Majid bin Abdullah Al-Qasabi, Minister of Commerce & Investment
Recently our daughters performed brilliantly in the Women’s Cricket World Cup.
The main recommendation on the sharing pattern was accepted the very same day and written instructions were issued the very next day.
CSCs have successfully developed Village Level Entrepreneurs (VLE) in rural areas and created job opportunities for more than 10 Lakh people.
(i) The Commission shall examine requests for inclusion of any class of citizens as a backward class in the lists and hear complaints of over-inclusion or under-inclusion of any backward class in such lists and tender such advice to the Central Government as it deems appropriate.
As you come together today to discuss the future of global energy,the world is seeing a great transition in energy supply and consumption.
It means about fifty crore citizens belonging to ten crore families will benefit.
But my dear brothers and sisters, in a recent report the WHO has said that because of the cleanliness campaign three lakh children were saved.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid homage to Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore on his birth anniversary.
Uri terror attack didn’t let me sleep, and what happened after that everyone knows.
(iii). It is proposed to insert a provision for fast track procedure for conducting arbitration.
The corridors will have Multimodal Integration with Railway Station & BRTS Stations and feeder network of Bus, Intermediate Public Transport (IPT) and Non Motorised Transport (NMT).
The purpose of this MoU is development of joint projects between the two institutes; joint organization of academic and scientific activities, and; exchange of staff, students and materials of common interest.
These are values we have seen our ancestors live and die for.
I am delighted to welcome you all.
Our government has launched the Atal Innovation Mission to promote innovation among our scientists.
Dr. Ahmad Zahid Hamidi briefed the Prime Minister on the state of bilateral cooperation, especially in the fields of counter-terrorism, cyber security and trans-national crimes.
When we speak about transformation in our country, we must think of our teachers as we do of our mothers.
The Bill comprehensively addresses the transnational nature of the crime.
In granting me this opportunity, you have honoured the world’s largest democracy and its 1.25 billion people.
Every person became a leader and every crossroad became the office of ‘the Do or Die’ movement.
Those men and women of strong will and courage, who undertook the journey of their life from India to then Ceylon.
REAFFIRMING our commitment to guide ASEAN-India Dialogue Relations by the principles, purposes, shared values and norms enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations, the Treaty of Amity and Cooperation in Southeast Asia (TAC), the Declaration of the East Asia Summit on the Principles for Mutually Beneficial Relations, and the Vision Statement adopted at the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit to mark the 20th Anniversary of ASEAN-India Dialogue Relations on 20 December 2012; and supporting the ASEAN Charter;
If this century is going to be one in which all humans have a life of opportunity, equality and dignity; stand in peace with each other; and live in balance with nature, then India and Africa must rise together.
Small currency has now more value.
The third theme — promotion of dialogue – calls for a shift from ideological approach to a philosophic one.
14. Earlier, 70-75 km of rural roads used to be laid per day.
He said about 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakhs every year.
The Prime Minister was given a presentation on the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, (PMGSY) and the Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana (DAY), by the NITI Aayog.
In addition, there will be a Medical College, AYUSH Block, Auditorium, Night Shelter, Guest House, Hostels and residential facilities.
African nations are coming together to take responsibility for their development, peace and security.
With the United States, we have advanced our partnership in a comprehensive manner, including in defence.
Both Prime Ministers then witnessed the signing of one Agreement on Cultural Exchange Programme for 2015-2020 and two Memoranda of Understanding (MoU) on Cooperation in Project Delivery and Monitoring, and Cooperation on Cyber Security.
Briefly, the Order envisages:
The Prime Minister also unveiled plaques for the commencement of operation of goods trains on the newly constructed Rail-cum-Road Bridge at Munger, and for the foundation stone of an additional bridge at Mokama, near the Rajendra Pul.
And we will be forever reduced to listening to this song, hence we must keep our traditional sports alive.It is crucial that today schools, neighbourhoods and youth congregations should come forward and promote these games.
An expenditure amounting to Rs. 769.09 crore has been incurred on the project till date.
It takes an Indian icon, Tata, to run a British icon and become your nation’s largest private sector employer.
He said the State Government is serious about fulfilling the promises made to farmers, women and youth.
This essentially takes us to the much needed “smart green infrastructure”, while adopting a landscape approach.
He emphasized on speedy implementation of such infrastructure projects.
The sale of tractors has reached a new high.
We are the world’s fastest growing major economy.
I pray for a developed and strong Kerala.
To mitigate the shortfall in availability of pulses and supplement the existing efforts at meeting the requirements, Government has decided to enter into long term G2G arrangement with Mozambique so as to ensure assured availability of pulses.
Big thank you for being here.
It is a deep-rooted curiosity-driven scientific tradition which allows quick adaptation to new realities.
GIS Mapping of roads is underway, and 20 States have so far been hosted on the Geospatial Rural Road Information System (GRRIS).
Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI) will bear this cost.
14. We also recognise the inherent strength of regional initiatives in support of the objectives of the broader multilateral system.
11. The two leaders reiterated their strong condemnation of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations including cross-border terrorism and terror-related incidents in France and India.
B. Introduction of welfare measures for seafarers, such as:-
There is complete clarity and confidence about the pace and direction of economic reforms in India.
The defence industry sector was closed to the private sector till May 2001, when it was first opened up to private sector participation by the Government of Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji.
The MoU provides for cooperation in the fields of Agriculture, Horticulture, Animal Husbandry, Fisheries, Aquaculture and Food Processing, Genetic Resources as well as Environmental Sustainability.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister said that it is not money that builds roads, but it is roads which generate money.
We must have clear outcomes from the Nobel Exhibition and the Science City.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of my govt. the scope of Consumer Protection is very broad.
He said car production and software exports had also reached maximum numbers in 2015.
For this reason, the tides that bear hopes and bring challenges to the shores in India and the Pacific Islands are the same.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors including PMGSY, housing, coal and power.
Port Authority has now been given powers to fix tariff which will act as a reference tariff for purposes of bidding for PPP projects.
Also facilitating exchange of publications generated by these institutions.
Who is every middle-man close to?
But we must all come together.
He said that the life of Swami Vivekananda shows what one can achieve at a young age, and added that the work that the youth are doing today will impact the future of the nation.
He will pay floral tributes at Statue of Netaji at Marina Park, Port Blair.
“Suitably priced, stable and sustainable energy supply, is essential for rapid growth of the economy.
In the jurisdiction of High Courts other than those exercising ordinary original jurisdiction a forum of Appeal in commercial dispute decided by commercial courts below the level of District judge is being provided, in the form of Commercial Appellate Courts to be at district judge level.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has accorded its approval for establishment and operationalisation of a National Academic Depository (NAD).
Today is the era of IT and let’s move ahead on the path of digital transaction.
India has always emphasized the importance of climate actions by developed country Parties in the pre-2020 period.
The Prime Minister will press a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
We have also committed to produce forty per cent of our power from non fossil fuel by 2030.
The female beneficiaries, who belong to various States across the country, are in New Delhi for the LPG Panchayat, which was hosted by President Ram Nath Kovind at Rashtrapati Bhawan earlier today.
The sportspersons had called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House, New Delhi.
The Prime Minister said that there are ample opportunities in the tourism sector, and the world is keen to come to India.
It is from the mindsets,thought streams, entities and instruments rooted in the idea of hate and violence.
FIFA under- 17 world cup is being organized in our country.
Hence it is fitting that Kochi should have a Metro rail facility.
They have accepted ‘Swachhata’ as a ‘Sanskaar’ (culture), he added.
Among our fishermen, NAVIC devices are being distributed, which contribute in their economic development as well as ensure their safety.
It makes me happy.
It will extend coverage of City Gas Distribution to seventy percent of our population.
But, rising ambition and rivalries are generating visible stress points.
Ours is a world that never sleeps.
As far as Athlete Deepa Malik is concerned, she has won laurels many a times by emerging victorious repeatedly.
He spoke for Asian spirit that is needed today when we dream of an Asian century.
We will seek a sustainable future for our planet, as through the new International Solar Alliance together with France and other partners.
On 21st November, during an incident of piracy in a merchant vessel in the Western Gulf, our naval ship INS TRIKAND reached there to help them.
Labour regulations have also tended to promote informal employment without social protection, rather than formal employment.
This is the third time I am attending these Summits.
45. The leaders agreed to scale-up cooperation under the renewed India-EU Science and Technology Cooperation Agreement in frontier areas of science and technology and in addressing current global challenges in particular in the areas of health, water and clean energy.
“As the year 2016 begins, my greetings and good wishes to everyone.
It provides a gas connection to a lady who has used woods for cooking food all her life.
India has emerged a hub for start-ups and innovation.
Science must meet the rising aspirations of our people.
This year we are planning to award 10,000 kilometres.
A not-for-profit Company under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013 will be created by the Ministry of Railways which shall be the Managing Company of the proposed university.
PM said “the constant struggle of our mothers and daughters because of lack of hygienic toilets have stirred me.
My dear countrymen, connecting with all of you, courtesy the ‘Mann KiBaat’ program has been a really wonderful experience for me.
As a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Shri Parrikar was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Goa in 1994.
·If we talk about the growth of shipping industry during the previous government, then the growth in cargo handling was negative during its tenure whereas during the three years of this government, it has registered an increase of 11%.
Mentioning that over 21 crore people have visited the Kumbh over the last few weeks, he said the sanitation workers have shown that nothing is impossible.
The Prime Minister recalled that Mahatma Gandhi had an enduring concern for people afflicted with leprosy.
The legacy of that sacrifice is shared by three countries present here.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of Easter.
Dear countrymen, times have changed.
At Kudankulam alone, five more units of 1000 Mega Watt each are planned.
On Afghanistan, both leaders reiterated the importance of an Afghan-led Afghan-owned reconciliation process.
He made it clear that the Government would take strict action against irregularities in financial matters.
About three months ago, we celebrated the 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement.
Through such activities, substantial goodwill is expected to be generated for India, Indian citizens and Indian Chartered Accountants in the Sultanate of Oman.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the 12th South Asian Games in Guwahati.
(b) For all contracts (including goods, services and consultancy) the anticipation may be restricted to companies of the bilateral partner country and Indian companies.
Even as we do so, we are committed to promoting renewable energy.
· Meeting of BRICS Finance Deputies – 17 to 20 March (Buenos Aires)
And, in turn, India became the hope for a more peaceful, balanced and stable world.
I am reminded of one Sanskrit Shloka-
You can imagine the inner bliss of paying homage to our revered Bapu, with fifteen days of this cleanliness campaign, Swachchata Hi Seva, when we celebrate Gandhi Jayanti on the 2nd of October.
School children, social organizations and NGOs also get connected with the campaign.
Our special programmes such as Make in India, Digital India and Start-Up India have caught the imagination of the world.
An important aspect of our relationship is our cooperation in Science and Technology, and in Research and Innovation.
Upgradation programme broadly envisages improving health infrastructure through construction of Super Specialty Blocks/Trauma Centers etc. and procurement of medical equipment for existing as well as new facilities on Central and State share basis.
The Prime Minister thanked Germany for support of Indian membership of export control regimes.
Quit India Movement turns 75 years on 9th August, 2017.
A virtual knowledge portal of ASEAN India network of Museums could curate this shared heritage.
The Prime Minister mentioned other initiatives taken, such as projects with lines of credit worth more than 3 billion dollars; scholarships; and e-visa arrangements.
It will ensure that industries engaged in manufacturing alcohol meant for Potable purposes shall be under the total and exclusive control of States in all respects.
Credit seeking facility from the banks and NBFCs has been eased to ensure the required working capital for MSME industries.
They put themselves in the line of fire so that their Indian friends are safe.
Prime Minister also encouraged youngsters to continue innovating and gave the mantra of ‘Innovate or Stagnate’.
• The Leaders welcomed the successful launch of the satellites LAPAN A2 in September 2015 and LAPAN A3 in June 2016 by ISRO.
The Prime Minister will address a public rally in Dharamshala in Kangra district.
The Prime Minister said that PM-KISAN depends on direct transfer, and therefore the entire amount will reach the beneficiary.
Through this initiative the number of positions for doctoral-level, post-doctoral level researchers and early career scientists are expected to grow.
He is also remembered for his work in the education sector, and other social causes.
I am sure 8th November is ingrained deep in your minds.
I believe that if we are living together in this age of today, if we are trying to end the evils of the society, if we are making efforts towards country’s growth, its major cause is our saints’ inspiration of enlightenment, works and devotion.
The two leaders agreed that India and China have separately made major contributions to global peace and prosperity through their respective growth and economic development, and would continue to act as engines for global growth in the future.
Q. What do you know about Israel?
The two sides agreed that their cooperation in oil and gas exploration, thermal and hydroelectric power and renewable energy and energy conservation is registering remarkable progress.
He also praised Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) Kochi for playing a critical role in popularizing clean fuels among masses in Kerala and neighbouring states over the past 50 years.
This MoU would thus facilitate operationalizing this important partnership.
We have greatly increased the outlay for agricultural infrastructure.
Tết greetings to the people of Vietnam.
I distinctly remember, when the Prime Minister’s Jan Dhan Yojana was launched, bank personnel earnestly and zealously shouldered their responsibilities and showed that they could achieve what had not been accomplished during the last 70 years.
Its impact has expanded far beyond its day of observance.
I sincerely thank from the core of my heart my friends in the media who regularly telecast Mann Ki Baat on their channels.
Today evening I am going to have the good luck of meeting the Indian community in very large numbers over there as well.
Appreciating the presentations, the Prime Minister said that the Union Government has given operational freedom to the public sector undertakings, so that they can improve their performance.
Enhancing information sharing related to maritime security in the Indo-Pacific region.
We will further coordinate our positions on the challenging issues of restoration of peace and stability in the Middle East and North Africa, settlement of the Syrian crisis, achievement of national reconciliation in Afghanistan, including in the agreed framework of the Moscow dialogue, using the laid down principles of national sovereignty and non-interference in internal affairs, while encouraging the countries to lead the change from within.
b) The Paris Agreement recognizes the importance of sustainable lifestyles and sustainable patterns of consumption with developed countries taking the lead, and notes the importance of ‘climate justice’ in its preamble.
As a close neighbour and friend, we wish Sri Lanka every success; rejoice in your progress; and, assure you of India’s unwavering support.
And whenever we talk of the 65 war it is natural that we remember Lal Bahadur Shastri.
This MoU is not intended to create a legally binding relationship and itsprovisions are not intended to give rise to legally binding rights, obligations or liabilities.
Our close historical and friendly ties have picked up momentum after H.E. Prime Minister Antonio Costa’s visit to India in January 2017.
PM mentioned about Akshaya Patra Foundation on October 24, 2018, during the launch of ‘Self4Society’ App in New Delhi.
Prime Minister Sri Narendra Modi greeted people of Odisha on the occasion of its formation day today.
This Government stands with the Muslim women in their quest for justice
This Act will give more security to the interests of SC and ST communities.
There is no complaint rather there is confidence that if it is to happen it will happen now.
Both sides have been working together in commercializing innovative technologies, and some of it will be evident at the Business Forum later today.
I have witnessed people getting poorer because of unfortunate health episodes.
Instead, it will be applied alongside existing tax treaties, modifying their application in order to implement the BEPS measures.
Around 1445 doctors of various Ministries/Departments of the Central Government would be benefitted.
My dear brothers and sisters, when these 20 lakh LPG cylinders will reach the poor families whose kitchens are smoke choked, just think of the happiness of the mothers working in those kitchens!
The Prime Minister welcomed the deepening of bilateral partnership not only in trade and economic spheres, but also in new areas like defence cooperation.
Cleanliness is also similar to this.
But, my dear young friends, I once again tell you that I need your help in this task.
After Malaysia, I will visit Singapore.
The deposited gold will be utilized in the following ways:-
The lofty dream of One Nation – One Tax has finally been fulfilled.
I have given just a few examples of the potential of improved governance.
My participation in the Summit symbolises India’s highest priority to our neighbourhood and our strong commitment to continue deepening our relationship with the extended neighbourhood in South-East Asia.
He said that going forward, he hoped that the Government and the Judiciary could work together to find solutions to these issues.
There was a time when the world used to comment about red tape in India but now they talk about Red Carpet.
PM said,, “We are providing technical and financial support to states.
It is more than a buyer-seller relationship.
On behalf of the one point three billion people of India, I am delighted to welcome you all to New Delhi.
Once you learn to accept, maximum number of problems will be solved there and then.
But we are not done yet.
Also, it would facilitate them to upload on SWAYAM, the courses developed in Afghanistan.
But, there is a big difference now- India will no longer be helpless in the wake of terror.
Today, every global company has an India strategy.
We also brought the international community together to create an International Solar Alliance, to harness the energy of sun to propel human growth.
He personifies humility, compassion and service to the downtrodden.
The MoU will be signed on behalf of the two countries after its approval by the two Governments.
I want to give “Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat” (One India, Best India) the form of a specific scheme.
The Finance Minister’s Budget Speech of 2016-17, in February this year, incorporated this commitment to establish a Digital Depository for school learning certificates, degrees and other academic awards of Higher Education Institutions, on the pattern of a Securities Depository.
Earlier, after arriving in Mumbai tomorrow morning, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of the new building complex of the Bombay Art Society.
The social democracy was the Mantra of freedom and equality for every Indian.
The Central government too has joined them in their efforts.
Implementation of the improved VRS package would substantially reduce the manpower of HDPEL and would help in downsizing.
During this visit I got the opportunity to pay my tributes at the tomb of Abu Omar.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
The airport will provide a big boost to connectivity in the Himalayan State, and also give a fillip to tourism.
(iv) ISE Food’s Telangana Mega Project supported by the Japan-India Food Business Council was registered as the first investment case for the Programme.
We urge developed countries to honour their Official Development Assistance (ODA) commitments fully in time and to provide additional development resources to developing countries.
As a result of the efforts of the Union Government, ethanol blending in petrol has increased from 38 crore litres in the ethanol supply year 2013-14, to an estimated 141 crore litres in the ethanol supply year 2017-18.
They stressed the importance of an early restructuring of the UN Security Council to make its decision making processes more democratic, transparent and responsive to the realities of the world today.
This includes efforts at desilting, recharging of rivers, check dams and other water storage mechanisms.
South Africa is home to a vibrant Indian community, that has made South Africa their home for years.
Later these four battalions will be converted into NDRF battalions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated, and laid the foundation stone, of several major highway projects at Udaipur in Rajasthan.
This system not only provides impetus to already developed states but also provides the opportunity to the backward states to develop.
Agreed to support collaboration between India and Uganda in the area of Information and Communication Technology.
He will hold a meeting with prominent citizens in Varanasi.
My appeal to you and many other youngsters like you is: Innovate in India, Innovate for humanity.
We also see early conclusion of a balanced Comprehensive Economic and Partnership Agreement as our shared priority.
He said the work of the organization in the North-East, and during the time of disasters, has been especially praiseworthy.
This is, however, special.
For the first time in India, collateral-free loans have been dis-bursed to more than 90 million small entrepreneurs under the Mudra scheme.
How many people shall we be able to save from ill health.
When there was a Congress-led Government at the Centre, Tamil Nadu had received 81 thousand crore rupees under the 13th Finance Commission.
As a revolutionary, he challenged British rule, fought against them and questioned subjugation.
That underlines America’s success and inspires the world.
He said India is leading the solar revolution today, as demonstrated by the recently held Conference of the International Solar Alliance.
India signed a Preferential Trade Agreement (PTA) with the MERCOSUR which came into effect from 1st June, 2009.
ii. Certification of notified components of vehicle as per CMVR-1989 and related IS/AIS.
32. We are nurturing our youngsters to be job creators and not job seekers.
We have a rich history of engagement.
Every type of hygiene, cleanliness of each and every facet of social life, values , virtues and kind deeds are if thriving today are just because of the contribution of Mother-Power.
Millions and millions of people from India and around the world congregate at one place.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to the Chief Minister of Maharashtra Shri Devendra Fadnavis on the situation arising due to incessant rain in Mumbai and surrounding areas.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today interacted with tableaux artists, tribal guests, NCC Cadets, and NSS Volunteers who are in Delhi in connection with the Republic Day celebrations.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
Dometic availability of iron ore, coking coal & natural gas, 6.
Satisfaction was expressed at the recent substantive and fruitful visit of President Pranab Mukherjee to Sweden.
Praising the Bohra community, PM Modi said that it is his good fortune to have received the affection of Bohra community.
But now we have greater expectations.
NSDC and NSDF were set up by the Ministry of Finance and registered in July, 2008 and January, 2009 respectively for implementing coordinated action for skill development.
A new consciousness is visible in their eyes, when they look at an Indian.
The Cabinet approved modifications in the recommendations of the 7th CPC relating to the method of revision of pension of pre-2016 pensioners and family pensioners based on suggestions made by the Committee chaired by Secretary (Pensions) constituted with the approval of the Cabinet.
The Prime Minister said that with enough funds now being provided for infrastructure creation, the onus is on the concerned Ministries to ensure that these outlays are converted into proportionate outcomes.
Our cultural, religious and linguistic inter-mingling from the past has carried into the warmth and friendship that characterizes our people-to-people linkages today.
I shall also request listeners of Mann Ki Baat who are engaged in the field of Sanskrit, to ponder over ways & means to take Komalji’s suggestion forward.
(vii). No non-compete clause in respect of ‘prospective investor’, and ‘prospective recipient entity.
And so I went and I travelled for almost a month, and seeing the people, seeing how people connected, and having the opportunity to feel how much better the world could be if everyone had a stronger ability to connect, reinforced for me the importance of what we were doing.
On 1 June, I will call on Singapore President Halimah Yacob.
And therefore we have taken a very important step to reform the labour laws to provide them the employment opportunities in the night also.
The promotion of Self Help Groups has got a boost from the Deen Dayal Antyodaya Yojana.
India is ready to join you in this journey.
We want to stress upon the growth of employment opportunities in the country.
19. Strengthen cooperation in ICT to enhance ICT policies, build capacity, improve digital connectivity, infrastructure and services, develop ICT human resources through the establishment of Centers of Excellence in Software Development and Training (CESDT) in some ASEAN Member States, encourage ICT start-ups, and explore emerging technologies for adoption; in synergy with the Master Plan on ASEAN Connectivity 2025 and the ASEAN ICT Master Plan 2020, respectively.
I have also started the process of cleansing of the economic and financial systems of the country.
My dear countrymen, our former Prime Minister Morarji Desai was born on the 29th of February.
He said that Dr. Ambedkar did not have even a trace of bitterness or revenge in him.
For decades, Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose’s family demanded that files relating to events in his life be declassified.
Our development models speak of Public Sector and Private Sector.
He said it was imperative that the United Nations finalises a definition of terrorism.
He added around 15000 Start ups have become operational in India within a span of 3-4 years and half of them are in tier I & II towns.
The culture of Kashmiri Pandits is truly special.
This is the first-ever Indian circumnavigation of the globe by an all-women crew.
With the changing geo-political environment, the crude oil import policy needs to be modified to bring it in tune with current needs.
Signing the Agreement shall facilitate the Indian prisoners imprisoned in Estonia or vice-versa to be near to their families, for serving remaining part of their sentence and shall facilitate their social rehabilitation.
There are many such examples before us.
The cadre review will enable the Department of Posts to meet the functional requirements and strengthening the cadre structure both in the headquarters and in the field on the basis of functional requirement, which will provide more avenues to earn review and respond effectively to the customer needs, reduce the existing stagnation and improve the career prospects of Indian Postal Service officers.
The same Narayan is winning medals for India at International events.
The Agreement will provide a strong legal base for the extradition of fugitive offenders who are accused of economic offences, terrorism and other serious offences in one Contracting State and found in another Contracting State.
However, I cannot compromise with the future of the country to protect my present.
India, as a responsible member of the international community, has also been in the fore-front of our collective fight against climate change.
The Prime Minster, Shri Narendra Modi today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 72nd Independence Day.
He also inaugurated the Multi Modal Logistic Park at Balasore, and six Passport Sewa Kendras.
I am told that to a significant extent, Indian exports are importer-led: the specifications and designs are based on preferences given by importers.
A separate Act will also impart the required status to the Institute to become a “Centre of Excellence” in petroleum and energy studies.
Parliament has passed the Aadhaar Act-2016.
It is an added pleasure to talk to you in the presence of an enlightened leader like Chancellor Merkel.
Madam Lagarde, this event is another example of your fondness for India and Asia.
I particularly thank the initial partner countries of the Vibrant Gujarat event: Japan and Canada.
The MoU will enhance bilateral cooperation between the two countries in the areas of Traditional Systems of Medicine.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and U.K. on Cancer Research Initiative.
The focus of the budget is on agriculture, rural development and infrastructure which is also a reflection of the Government’s commitment to raise investment and create employment opportunities.
• India has also jumped 16 places on the World Economic Forum’s global competitive index after five years of decline in the list.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness over the death of Jawans in an avalanche in Kashmir.
You would debate its certainty and prevailing flux; its conflicts and risks; its successes and opportunities; its past behaviours and likely prognosis; and its potential black swans and the New Normals.
Mahatma Gandhi firmly believed that India’s freedom will remain incomplete so long as Africa remains in bondage.
Broad Gauge Passenger Trains will now connect the States of Manipur and Mizoram.
Together we can create new enterprises, new skills and new social values.
He said that in a meeting of PRAGATI last week, the progress of reconstruction works at Kedarnath was monitored through a drone camera.
USGS has launched Landsat -8 satellite in February 2013.
This has instilled a new self-confidence, fresh energy and a resolve in every Indian to move ahead with new hope.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day, 2018.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval to a scheme to enable EXIM Bank to offer concessional finance to support Indian companies bidding for strategically important infrastructure projects abroad.
As the world progresses materially through science and technology, it will increasingly long for and need spiritual orientation for social order and stability.
d) Transfer of equity stake and management control of HPIL from Department of Telecommunications under Ministry of Communications to Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA).
Many of you are from Tamil Nadu,
Create this type of mood in the family, make it a celebration, all should get together for an hour to do these exercises.
The Prime Minister said that while the absence of Government in a sphere of activity should be perceptible, its presence in a sphere of activity should not become a burden.
The development of rural housing creates jobs for those living in the rural community to meet the new demand in the construction-related professions.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for Constitution of a Committee to recommend the process for conferring / recognizing ownership or transfer / mortgage rights to the residents of Unauthorized Colonies (UCs) in Delhi.
We could not have asked for a more fitting start and tribute to the International Day of Yoga.
A comprehensive and deterrent law, the Black Money Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets and Imposition of Tax Act has been enacted.
The Prime Minister has shared his views for each of the ASEAN member nations as follows
This Corporation is constructing three new bridges on Brahmaputra River.
There is no financial implications as the vacant posts would have to be filled up quickly to ensure continuity of patient care.
The Board of assessment and rating to assess and grant permission to educational institutions of Homoeopathy and Board of ethics and registration of practitioners of Homoeopathy to maintain National Register and ethical issues relating to practice are under the National Commission forHomoeopathy.
All of you are carrying forward the Indian tradition of a healthy life style as a true successor.
The project will be developed in Public-Private Partnership, utilizing if necessary viability gap funding of Gol.
South Korean National IT Industry promotion Agency has already opened their Indian office in Bengaluru to facilitate Korean startups to India.
He said this target was recently accomplished in about 17,000 villages.
• We have allowed and enhanced FDI levels in key sectors including Insurance, Defence and Railways.
Both leaders affirmed that they can be no military solution to the conflict and that the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Syria should be protected.
He dedicated the Multimodal Terminal on the River Ganga, to the nation, and received the first container cargo.
Rs. 7500 crores was arranged under this fund to give a boost to the sector.
Welcoming the delegation, National Security Advisor, Shri Ajit Doval, said that the whole world is looking at India today, and it is the responsibility of all segments of Indian society to take the nation forward.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed shock over the fire tragedy which happened at a temple in Kollam district of Kerala.
India is a party to WHO FCTC.
They communicate the will of the people, which is supreme in a democracy.
Quite simply, the biggest infrastructure story of the world is unfolding in India.
My hometown of Vadnagar in Gujarat is one of the many sites where Buddhist relics were found and was one of the places visited by Chinese traveller and chronicler, Xuanzang.
The two leaders discussed the progress in India-Nepal relations, as well as other issues of mutual interest.
Participative democracy makes good governance possible
Before supersession of the Planning Commission, the Telecom Commission was composed of a Chairman [Secretary to the Government of India in the Department of Telecommunications], four full time members [Member (Finance), Member (Production), Member (Services) & Member (Technology)] and four part time members [Secretary (Department of Electronics & Information Technology), Secretary (Department of Economic Affairs), Secretary (Planning Commission) & Secretary (Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion)].
“Deeply saddened by the loss of lives and devastation due to tsunami and earthquake in Central Sulawesi in Indonesia.
It is necessary to inform the world about the need to shift from ideology — whether religious or secular — to philosophy.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of bringing about an early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
In this forum, we often thought of terrorism as a peripheral problem for this region.
Let me also express our gratitude to Seychelles for their active support in making the International Day of Yoga a big success.
This includes non-recurring expenditure of Rs. 128.54 crore and recurring expenditure of Rs. 51 crore.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives in the crane crash in Mecca.
And, at least I can never keep my eyes shut to this kind of thing.
When I addressed you in 2014, I had just taken over the reins of government.
I also thank my colleagues from All India Radio, FM Radio, Doordarshan, other TV Channels and the Social Media.
The Prime Minister recalled his recent interaction with the ASHA and Anganwadi workers across the country, via video conference.
d) To provide relief to the farmers affected by Natural Calamities, the interest subvention of 2% will be provided to Banks for the first year on the restructured amount.
He praised the State of Chhattisgarh for progress in this direction despite the problem of Naxalism.
The Prime Minister complimented the State Government of Assam for its efforts towards completing pending projects.
The organization is serving the nation since 1898 as a nodal agency for regulating safety of substances such as explosives, compressed gases and petroleum.
I will feel much happier if my purchase will benefit the poorest of the poor.
Work is also in progress for connecting remote areas of Manipur by helicopter service.
The winners of Rashtriya e-Panchayat Puraskar, and Gram Panchayat Vikas Puraskar Yojana under Sarvasreshtha Panchayat Puraskar Yojana will be felicitated on this occasion.
Indian missions overseas will organize special events on the occasion.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has laid stress on Policy Driven Governance and Predictable Transparent Policies.
The objective of the proposal is to allow flexibility in optimal use of domestic coal in efficient Generating Stations resulting in reduction in the cost of electricity generation and reduce the power purchase cost of State Distribution companies.
To support our collaboration in cutting edge technology, we have agreed to set up a Joint S&T Fund of 4 million Euros.
After Vasant Ritu or the season of Spring, it is now the time for the ripening of the crops, and the time for the farmers to reap the benefits of their hard work.
To our visitors from the land where history began, humanity grew and new hope rises;
I congratulate all those who belong to the Navy.
Recently many distinguished citizens of India, youths, literary artists and social workers- sons and daughters of Mother India- have achieved many great feats to make our country proud.
I found in President Lukashenku matching enthusiasm and desire to scale up our partnership for the benefit of our people.
This is a particularly special year for the science of yoga.
For years, the Planning Commission was widely criticised.
India will not forget or turn away.
Prof Arun Majumdar, Prof Roger Noll, Dr. Anjani Kochar, and Prof. Sally Benson, all from Stanford University, participated.
Chanakya’s words summarize the whole GST process.
Today, I received a phone call from Lakhwinder Singh from Jalandhar, Punjab.
We thank Brazil for understanding India’s aspiration for membership of the Nuclear Suppliers’ Group.
He is credited with planning of Agartala city.
We are active in the Regional Cooperation Agreement on Combating Piracy and Armed Robbery against Ships in Asia – in this very city.
These include desilting of 8055 water bodies and farm ponds, construction of 44,181 new farm ponds, and construction of 9851 ground water recharge structures.
He said poor had been provided LPG connections in large numbers.
You are the window to our heritage and the mirror to our progress.
To minimise the difficulties of citizens in the coming days, several steps are being taken.
Equally, they are the torch-bearers of the thoughts, feelings and emotions of our people.
GST is a big wonder for the world, if this was possible then more decisions can be easily taken in the future by sitting here.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi released today a commemorative coin of Rs. 350 in the national capital to mark the birth anniversary celebrations of Guru Gobind Singh jee.
Friends, our scriptures have laid down four Purusharthas-the objects of human pursuits.
Over 1800 mementoes were successfully auctioned to the highest bidder during this period.
And I had also foreseen that this would result in all of us having to face various new difficulties in our day-to-day lives.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister’s address:
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the Special assistance measure for the Successor State of Andhra Pradesh by way of special dispensation in funding of Externally Aided Projects (EAPs) and funding of irrigation component of Polavaram project.
Tributes to Bharat Ratna M. Visvesvaraya on his birth anniversary.
This should also be supplied to those farmers who care about the health of their soil and are willing to improve its quality and also to those farmers whose soil quality has deteriorated because of over use of chemical fertilizers.
Further provisions for spreading the financial burden on States over three years, will give States flexibility in managing the interest payment on the debt taken over, within their available fiscal space in the initial few years.
He will also distribute PM-SYM Pension Cards to select beneficiaries.
I hope the deliberations in the summit would focus on how women entrepreneurship can be further supported.
Excellencies, we are conscious of the shadow that falls between an idea and action, between intention and implementation.
These shortcut ways become the reason for using unfair means.
Yoga is the catalytic agent, ushering the transformation from Jiva to Shiva.
He said digital technology is being used to improve transparency and quality of citizen services.
He witnessed sunset at the White Rann, followed by a cultural programme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will deliver his address today – September 25, 2015 – at the UN Summit for the adoption of the post-2015 development agenda.
HCL was established in the year 1952.
My best wishes to the new Government of Arunachal Pradesh in fulfilling the expectations and aspirations of the people.
The two Leaders recalled their first meeting in Nay Pyi Taw on 13 November 2014 on the sidelines of ASEAN Summit during which they discussed concrete areas of cooperation between India and Indonesia.
It is aimed at developing, promoting and strengthening mutual cooperation between the judiciaries of the two countries.
Our, strategy is to leverage the strength of hundreds of millions of Indians who have come online in recent years.
Do we need to worry only about the power and the vote.?
It is particularly important in the arc from Eurasia to Asia Pacific, including in Central Asia and Afghanistan.
The Union Government is committed to cooperative federalism.
We must bring the unbanked 1.7 billion people in the world into the formal financial market.
He announced that the Union Government has approved a National Mission on Interdisciplinary Cyber Physical Systems with an investment of over Rs. 3600 crore.
The Central Government has released more than Rs.1000 Crores in the last 4 years under this scheme to the state.
We have taken steps in the direction of curbing corruption and putting an end to the entire system of black money.
U.S Secretary of State Mr. Michael Pompeo and U.S Secretary of Defence Mr. James Mattis, called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today.
It would also bring light to over two hundred and fifty thousand homes in this area.
New employment opportunities are expected to be generated for operation and management of fairway, terminals, aids to navigation, barges, training, etc.
Now, he said, with the Narmada waters arriving, the region would witness a transformation.
The Prime Minister asked the young officers to recall their life upto the day of the UPSC result, the challenges they faced; and use the opportunities they will now have, to bring about positive changes in the system, and the lives of the common people.
The mechanism of Inter-Governmental Consultation is certainly unique.
The number of new tax payers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
If every citizen resolves to obey traffic rules, if every citizen resolves that he will discharge his duties honestly, if every citizen resolves that he will not use petrol or diesel one day in a week – – these are not very big things.
Singapore may be a small island, but its horizons are global.
I feel proud to announce that very soon as a part of our Manned-Space mission, we shall be sending an Indian into space.
The agreement between WHO and AYUSH is expected to benefit the practitioners of AYUSH systems.
There should be a good debate, there should be a positive debate, and the debate should take place with innovative suggestions… only then the time of the Parliament will be properly utilized for the benefit of the country.
He also reiterated India’s full support to the Government and people of Afghanistan, including through humanitarian and development assistance, in their efforts to build a peaceful, united, democratic and prosperous nation.
The NDB can also establish an effective link with ISA to support such cooperation.
This will provide opportunity to Indian Companies to penetrate and enhance their footprint in Iran along with facilitating the growing trade and investment with Iran.
Another video of his has gained popularity; in this he’s trying his hand on the volleyball with others.
I will also address the Indian community.
In that context, we commit to strengthening international cooperation within the context of the BRICS Working Group on Anticorruption Cooperation.
We recognize the enormous potential that the development of the blue economy holds for our region, and agree to explore ways to deepen our cooperation in areas such as aquaculture (both inland and coastal), hydrography, seabed mineral exploration, coastal shipping, eco-tourism and renewable ocean energy with the objective of promoting holistic and sustainable development of our region.
Before arriving in this hall, I saw the achievements of CSIR show-cased in an exhibition.
vi. The Government may, if so felt necessary, allow higher commission to agents.
And hence, they face unclean surroundings as a major challenge.
Speaking on the occasion, Prime Minister extended Dussehra greetings to all Indians.
Some of you have been here earlier several times.
Tomorrow is 30th January, the death anniversary of our revered Bapu.
Our relationship covers all areas of cooperation, including in the spheres of political relations, security, trade and economy, military and technical field, energy, scientific, cultural and humanitarian exchanges, and foreign policy, and helps promote national interests of both countries, and contributes to the establishment of a more peaceful and just world order.
To boost trade, we are also cooperating on trade facilitation measures, including standardization and related areas.
On the Indian side, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Madras will act as the host institution for IGCS.
iii. increase mobility of professionals at either end and would herald a new dimension for small and medium businesses in both countries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved India’s Membership for European Bank for Reconstruction & Development (EBRD)
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on Cooperation in the field of Renewable Energy between India and Hellenic.
They all worked hard for about three years to draft the Constitution.
My young friends, you are the future of India and the world.
Benefit cover of Rs. 5 lakh per family per year More than 10 crore families to be covered RSBY and SCHIS to be subsumed under Ayushman Bharat – NHPS
And Future Output Index has crossed the figure of 60.
Those who have destroyed homes must now rebuild their nation.
Earlier, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, arrived in Mysore today.
I am grateful to the University of Nairobi, its faculty and most of all you the future of Kenya, its students, for this opportunity.
It’s not just that, one youth is providing employment to one, two or three more people.
Equality of opportunity.
He will address the gathering.
Brothers and sisters, Acharya Chanakya had said:
Like we became polio free similarly we became free from tetanus as a cause of maternal and child mortality.
Every citizen and people’s organizations have a big responsibility.
We shall gradually advance in that direction.
We believe access to clean cooking fuelis very important to improve standards of living.
The Committee will have powers on conditions within reasonable limits, on a case by case basis, during the first two years of implementation of the scheme.
Over the mighty Hindu Kush and through the forbidding Khyber Pass, monks, merchants and monarchs have linked us through knowledge, culture, religion,commerce and kingdoms.
He explained the integrated approach that the Government has taken towards the agriculture sector, which includes focus on soil health cards, irrigation, solar pumps, seeds, fertilizers, and crop insurance.
Our partnership with ASEAN seeks to craft a response that relies on coordination, cooperation and sharing of experiences at multiple levels.
Occasionally, those yagyas would shape the course of history.
When in October 1916, Lok Manya Tilak ji came to Ahmedabad, more than 40,000 people that time gave him a welcome and during that very visit, Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel had a chance to talk to him.
This is the region, where our economic relations are growing rapidly.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Iran for cooperation in the field of agriculture and allied sectors.
The House also witnessed a vibrant debate, where several members expressed their insightful opinions.
The Prime Minister handed over to the Chief Minister of Sikkim, Shri Pawan Chamling, two commendations for its journey towards total organic farming.
PM said that he felt proud to unveil his statue.
• Enhance Indo-Swedish dialogue on defence cooperation.
He said that in memory of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and the Azad Hind Fauj, the Kranti Mandir has been established at Red Fort.
This was reiterated by the Prime Minister during his visit to the USA from 25-27 June 2017 and he invited Ms. Ivanka Trump, Adviser to the US President to lead the US delegation to the GES in India.
Chief Guest of PBD 2019, Prime Minister of Mauritius, PravindJugnauth, ,Governor of Uttar Pradesh Ram Naik, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj along with UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, Chief Minister of Haryana, Manohar Lal Khattar, Chief Minister of UttarakhandTrivendra Singh Rawat, Union Minister of State for Overseas Indian Affairs Retd.General V K Singh and several other dignitaries graced the occasion.
Quoting the great Assamese musician Bhupen Hazarika, the Prime Minister said it is our collective responsibility to achieve the vision and dreams of our freedom fighters, and create a New India by 2022.
The Prime Minister spoke at length of the economic development that has taken place in India recently.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Tripura on their Statehood Day.
Indians have a long tradition in mathematics.
1. Common: Public Transport must be the cornerstone of our mobility initiatives.
These programmes will make you employable in the new knowledge economy and make you effective entrepreneurs and thinking scientists.
The Central Government under the Prime Minister’s Blue Revolution Scheme will help the fishermen.
· Only this will realize the dreams of Dr. Bhimrao Ambedkar who advocated the need to move surplus labour from agriculture to other occupations.
9. Even though the quantum of bilateral trade has remained at the same level for the past five years our investments in both directions have been robust.
Many such examples are coming to light where direct benefits of this demonetisation can clearly be seen.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in sectors such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
Through NCC we nurture teams that work in mission mode and inspire others, he added.
Share your ideas and inputs for the community programmes in Malaysia and Singapore.
The Chief Minister thanked the Prime Minister for implementing the recommendations of the fourteenth Finance Commission.
The city has embraced the world’s diversity and represents the finest in human achievements.
Swachh Shakti-2019 is a national event to be attended by women Panches and Sarpanches from across the country.
In the Constitution drafted by Dr. Baba Saheb Ambedkar, many provisions were inserted to protect the fundamental rights of the poor.
During the last meeting, issues such as cross-border terrorism and radicalization were discussed in detail.
Greetings on Puthandu to my Tamil sisters & brothers.
He urged the Sadhu Vaswani Mission to join this effort, in whatever ways it can.
As I have said earlier, both our countries reflect, in many ways, similar aspirations, challenges and opportunities, and can be inspired by each other’s successes.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed developments in India-China relations from the strategic and long-term perspective.
I used to think, “How can we bring this talent back and at the same time, provide leadership to the entire financial world?”
The Union Government has declared 19 Waterways in the North East as National Waterways.
The main areas of cooperation between the Parties will include the following:
My dear countrymen, there are a few things which appear small but they have a far reaching impact on our image as a society.
27. Cement a stronger cultural link by promoting cultural tourism and further enhancing people-to-people contacts, through programmes such as Delhi Dialogue, ASEAN-India Network of Think Tanks (AINTT), ASEAN-India Eminent Persons Lecture Series (AIEPLS), diplomats training courses, as well as exchange programmes for students, parliamentarians, farmers, media, and other youth programmes.
It also gives me great pleasure to see so many familiar faces here.
It intends eradicating poverty and promoting prosperity in a changing world with basic motto of ‘Sabka Saath Sabka Vikash’.
And in the last episode, our heroes of the Commonwealth Games shared with us their ‘Mann Ki Baat’, matters close to their hearts through this programme.
Today a Herculean task of connecting 2.5 lakh panchayats through Optical Fibre Network in the country is underway.
He said the areas of the country that are near the sea, can become centres of our blue revolution.
Coal, minerals and spectrum have been auctioned transparently raising large amounts.
It will be targeted to cover over 10 crore poor and vulnerable families.
The Prime Minister asked the concerned officials to explore the possibility of seaweed cultivation, and other initiatives which could be of help for the agriculture sector.
The expeditious declaration of National Waterways and its subsequent development will enhance the industrial growth and tourism potential of the hinterland along the waterway.
The two leaders called for an immediate commencement and early conclusion of negotiations on a non-discriminatory, multilateral, and internationally and effectively verifiable Fissile Material Cut-off Treaty (FMCT) on the basis of Shannon Mandate.
It is rare that emigrants from one nation, who become immigrants in another, enjoy such high respect and repute in both countries.
He said that as a vision, the Government is working to reduce the sense of imbalance at the national level.
It is playing a very important role for gramodaya.
At present, there is no Central Law under which the proposal for change of names of these High Courts can be addressed.
Lifestyle disease is raising consciousness globally, about the nature and quality of food consumption.
The Prime Minister noted the date – 8th August – and recalled that in 1942, on this very day Mahatma Gandhi had given the call for the Quit India Movement.
Biennial Trade Ministers’ Forum (BTMF) iv).
He presented awards to winners of the Mega Draw under Lucky Grahak Yojana and Digi-dhan Vyapar Yojana.
We are engaged in a massive push towards renewable energy generation.
3. Anti-Microbial Resistance and responding to public health emergencies;
And this is the result that before time, within seven months….otherwise the Aji Dam had run out of water in October-November.
May there be peace every where in the sky in space,
In such a case, the matter may be represented before the Committee by the FA and one Joint Secretary of that Ministry/Department.
The Agreement between India and Uzbekistan provides for cooperation in the following fields:
The text of the resolution is as follows:
They use fake letter pads while sending these letters.
In the past few weeks, there have been many gratifying instances – it would take weeks to list them.
This time around, there is a special significance to the observance of community Ganesh festival as a public celebration.
Foundation stone for a permanent campus of Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) at Jote, Arunachal Pradesh will be laid by the laid by the PM on this occasion.
He said development initiatives should be focused on rural development.
They are patient and determined.
The concerns of rising environmental issues are not limited to any country hut pose a serious challenge to the entire Globe.
Within a few months over four million Indians have given up their cooking gas subsidies.
The NAD would be established and operationalised within the next three months and would be rolled out throughout the country in 2017-18.
And our country will emerge shining like gold does after a test by fire.
The Cabinet today approved the establishment of a Bodo Musuem-cum-language and cultural study center, modernization of existing All India Radio Station and Doordarshan Kendra at Kokrajhar and naming a Superfast Train passing through BTAD as ARONAI Express.
Saddened by his demise.
Today, most sectors are on automatic approval route.
Today, we have emerged as one of the largest manufacturing nations.
A quarter century ago, only a handful of Asian nations had national disaster management institutions.
The Seoul Peace Prize has been awarded biennially to those individuals who have made their mark through contributions to the harmony of mankind, reconciliation between nations and to world peace.
We have a lot of unexplored potential.
He studies in the Kendriya Vidyalaya of Banaras Hindu University.
She will be the Chief Guest at the Deepotsav event being organized by the State Government of Uttar Pradesh and the ground-breaking ceremony of the new Memorial of Queen Suriratna (Heo Hwang-ok) in Ayodhya on 6 November 2018.
The Prime Minister will then arrive at the venue of the public meeting.
To gain more success about this discovery, the Government of India has decided to install a Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory, in short it is called LIGO, here in India.
I also congratulate all those Ministries of the Government of India and also those ministers who turned this vision into reality.
Spoke to his son Nachiketa and expressed condolences.”
Whenever and wherever possible, let’s look for the opportunity.
We are trying to bring transparency through technology.
In case of a fast track procedure, such award can be given in 6 months.
The total fund requirement is Rs. 2729.13 Crores and includes the cost of five GSLV vehicles, essential facility augmentation, Programme Management, and Launch Campaign along with the additional funds required for meeting the scope of the ongoing GSLV Continuation Programme.
The PMVVY is being implemented through Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) to provide social security during old age and protect elderly persons aged 60 years and above against a future fall in their interest income due to uncertain market conditions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andaman & Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018.
I also did not see a connect is in this.
During my last visit to Gangtok a few months ago, Sikkim was declared as the First Organic State in the country.
India stands firmly with our sisters & brothers of Bangladesh in this hour of grief.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today began his two-day visit in Gujarat by offering prayers at the Dwarkadheesh Temple at Dwarka.
PM said, the development initiatives of the NDA government have touched several lives which have been reflected in the budget proposals from farmer welfare to middle class, from income tax relief to infrastructure, from manufacturing to MSME, from housing to healthcare and from the increased pace of development to the New India,
MoU on Material Testing Laboratory.
Giving statistics, the Prime Minister explained how a lot of work has already been done in this direction.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even the sky is not the limit when it comes to regional cooperation among like-minded countries.
The MoU was ratified by both India and Qatar on 1st January, 2016 and 12th January, 2016 respectively for promoting bilateral cooperation in the field of Information Communication Technology (ICT).
We want to make India a destination which not only welcomes business but where it is easy to do business.
Rs 2000 per extra tonne
When we come to know of such examples, we too feel inspired every moment of our life.
These interactions were unheard of in the history of Manipur.
The strengthened education relationship through this Joint Declaration of Intent will enable the higher education institutions in both the countries to benefit mutually to enhance innovative partnerships in the field of education, research and skill development.
We have worked sincerely on ‘ease of doing business’ in India.
There is need to bring about a paradigm shift in urban planning, by adopting a people-centric approach, and integrating land-use and transport.
India-Myanmar partnership is defined not just by good words and pure intent.
“I will be undertaking bilateral visits to Palestine, United Arab Emirates and Oman from 9-12 February.
The Prime Minister will hand over keys of houses to beneficiaries under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban, as well as Rural).
This was the very site where three heroic sons of Mother India – Col. Prem Sehgal, Col. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon and Major General Shahnawaz Khan had to face a trial under British Rule.
Anybody will feel overawed on seeing Rani Ki Vaav of the 11th Century in Patan in Gujarat.
Other Distinguished Dignitaries from India and Abroad
Excellencies, given the scale of our Summit and the ambitious goals of our partnership, we have jointly agreed that the Summit should be held every five years.
The two Prime Ministers celebrated the growing strength, breadth and depth of the relations between the two countries.
He was an inspiration to Karyakartas like me.
Highlighting the initiatives of the Union Government in building modern transport system throughout the country, Prime Minister said that 400 km of operational network of metro have been built in the past four and half years.
· 7th Meeting of BRICS Sherpas/Sous-Sherpas
Speaking on the theme of connectivity, the Prime Minister mentioned cooperation between the two countries in the International North South Transport Corridor.
Today, new educational institutions are being set up and the North-East India is becoming the new hub for organic farming.
• Develop a framework for promoting inter-sectoral convergence for promotive and preventive health care.
• There will not be any conditions attached for OD upto Rs 2,000.
Welcoming guests from India and abroad, the Prime Minister noted that this is the first time that the India Carpet Expo is being organized at the Deendayal Hastkala Sankul, in Varanasi.
Who’s at the lead of this?
These Barristers, in large numbers, took the cudgel of freedom struggle.
These inspiring stories from the annals of ‘Khelo India,’ are ample proof , that the building of New India does not only involve contribution from the denizens of big cities but also from the youth, children, young sports talents, hailing from small cities, towns and villages.
And this means that out of total 30-35 crore families of our country, ten crore families have joined this scheme within a span of hundred days.
Shri Narendra Modi briefed the Chinese Premier on the solar alliance initiative, and invited China to join it.
Every house should have electricity connection, power for all.
This type of thinking has afflicted our politics, our administration and our society like an infestation of termites.
And she has created history by winning a medal for the country.
He described the mass movement of Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan as a phenomenon unparalleled anywhere in the world, in the 21st century.
We need to promote India globally as an arbitration hub.
But, all the 1.25 billion of our citizens have freedom from fear, a freedom they exercise every moment of their lives.
We are also encouraging and facilitating business and industry of both countries to increase the quality and quantum bilateral trade.
My dear brothers and sisters,
Since then, the work on dam is at a standstill.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modicalled His Excellency Mr. Ibrahim Mohamed Solih, President of the Republic of Maldives today, and complimented him on the victory of the Maldivian Democratic Party (MDP) in the recent Parliamentary elections.
The two Prime Ministers will also interact with farmers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will be attending 14th ASEAN-India Summit and 11th East Asia Summit at Vientiane, capital city of Laos from 7 September 2016 to 8 September 2016.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given approval to accede to the Protocol under World Health Organization (WHO) Framework Convention on tobacco control to eliminate illicit trade in tobacco products.
The MoU will facilitate cooperation in relation to matters within the textiles and fashion sectors that may be of mutual interest and benefit to the participants.
Both Sides would continue to work together to promote a democratic world order based on global and shared interests.
I would request all of you also to kindly listen to this programme in your regional language as well.
India and ASEAN nations have relations free from contests and claims.
What can be a bigger tribute than taking a vow that we shall tread the path of Bapu – and walk, as far as possible?
Our young tribal children, those who live in our forests in the far-flung areas, they have enhanced the glory of the tri-colour by unfurling it on the Mount Everest.
The evil of corruption has been spread by certain sections of society for their selfish interest.
Terrorists distort a religion whose cause they profess to support.
However, from what I have been told it appears that tiger habitats have reduced drastically across Tiger Range Countries.
It is essential that we adopt sports as a part of the lives of the youth in our country.
It seeks to ensure improved access and affordability of quality secondary and tertiary care services through a combination of public hospitals and strategic purchasing in healthcare deficit areas from accredited non-­governmental healthcare providers, achieve significant reduction in out of pocket expenditure due to healthcare costs, reinforce trust in public healthcare system and influence operation and growth of private healthcare industry as well as medical technologies in alignment with public health goals.
Dedication of the Duraiappah Stadium in Jaffna, renovated by India, to the people of Sri Lanka
All of us know that he was the one who laid the foundation stone of modern, unified India.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), at Bilaspur.
I firmly believe that a nation prospers when its people and importantly the women, and childrenare educated; and are able to live independent, empowered and healthy lives.
I congratulate every department associated with the construction of this centre.
Over the last few years, there has been a significant intensification of our engagement in various fields with African countries and there have been as many as 23 outgoing visits to Africa at the level of President, Vice President and Prime Minister in the last four years.
These were the words that came out last from his body.
The text of the Convention and the accompanying Explanatory Statement was adopted by the Ad hoc Group on 24 November 2016.
Community Health Centers (CHCs) and District Hospitals (DHs),
Welcoming delegates to the Summit, the Prime Minister said that the North-East is at the heart of the Union Government’s Act East Policy.
Even early this month, we have taken very dynamic steps to further open up the economy for FDI.
May the injured recover soon”, the PM said.
Our shared concern on growing threat from radicalism and terrorism to the safety and security of our people is shaping our cooperation in this space.
However, South Asian victims are also increasingly detected in the Middle East.
And, similarly the call by the great sage of India Swami Vivekananda to embrace humanity was most famously delivered in Chicago.
He gave an account of the dramatic developments that have taken place in a number of areas of infrastructure development.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
Come on, I invite you all.
Equality of rights,
The areas of cooperation include smart cities development, solid waste management, green affordable housing, waste water management, capacity building of urban institutions, skill development in urban areas, urban mobility, intelligent transport system and transit-oriented development, innovative access to finance and other related areas as mutually agreed upon by the Contracting Parties.
And, what Mozambique requires, is available in India.
Promoting the virtues of cleanliness, this little lad has done inspiring work.
We both have strong maritime traditions.
The aim of my visit is to increase cooperation and boost cultural linkages.
Equality of human dignity, and
As a step towards regional cooperation, India and Bangladesh have signed a Memorandum of Understanding for cooperation on AtoN.
Tiger conservation is a collective responsibility of the Government of India and States.
Ports in India are generally named after the city or town in which these are situated.
Our national mission on cleanliness and sanitation – Swachh Bharat Abhiyan – has a special focus on “plastic waste management.”
“Congratulations Donald Trump on being elected as the 45th US President.
It will provide top quality healthcare to the poor, he added.
He added that it is also certain that the road to development in the 21st century goes through the Indian Ocean.
I have felt the same embrace of friendship and welcome.
We have just launched a series of gold-related schemes.
The MoU will promote strong, deep and long term bilateral cooperation in the field of Sustainable Urban Development between the two countries.
But this does not mean that you keep sleeping all the time.
Our ministries, our scientists, R&D institutions, industries, start-ups, universities and IITs, all should work together seamlessly.
The agreement on trade remedies signed today would strengthen our trade partnership further.
Strength ऐसे नहीं – it is a unique strength – Demographic Dividend, Democracy and Demand.
Now you must be thinking that we are discussing art and here I’m talking about seeing Gurudev Tagore’s excellent works of art.
I will try my best to bring these to you; and the media can also take advantage of these inspiring stories.
Swachhagrahis are the ‘foot soldiers’ and motivators to implement the Community Approaches to Sanitation (CAS) at the village level.
Your Excellency President Jacob Zuma,
A partnership that scales new heights in diverse fields:
In this context he appreciated the work of the Avadhoota Datta Peetham.
Addressing the gathering through video conference, Prime Minister congratulated the people of Nagpur for the second metro service in Maharashtra.
But this is still well below the real potential.
At times, sensitive events touch me a little too deeply.
A draft text of the Agreement has been finalized after mutual discussions.
Now, about three thousand small and medium merchants have this privilege through the new Special Notified Zone.
It will greatly improve the regional transport facility and create many employment opportunities.
India has contributed personnel to the UN Peace Keeping Force in Cyprus.
The Prime Minister exhorted them to ensure that they educate their children.
This is the 10th edition of Def-Expo.
The Prime Minister urged the participants to explore the possibility of Multiple Sector Hackathons like Health-Hackathon, Law-Hackathon, Architecture-Hackathon, Agriculture-Hackathon and Rural Hackathon.
“Sir, I want to tell you that during exam time, very often in our homes, in the neighbourhood and in our society, a very terrifying and scary atmosphere pervades.
Prime Minister during the interaction said that thousands of villages have been electrified since NDA government has taken over.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the extension of contract between Ministry of Earth Sciences, Government of India and the International Seabed Authority (ISA) for exploration of Polymetallic Nodules for a further period of 5 years (2017-22).
The Prime Minister said he attaches tremendous importance to the opening up of the new internet gateway in the eastern part of India, and said it would greatly benefit the North-eastern states by giving a boost to communication in the region.
• Both Leaders expressed satisfaction at the steady progress made in ASEAN-India Dialogue Relations over the past twenty-four years and welcomed the plans to commemorate the 25th anniversary of ASEAN-India Dialogue Relations and Fifth Anniversary of the Strategic Partnership 2017 through conduct of commemorative activities in India and in ASEAN member states throughout 2017, including a Commemorative Summit in India, Ministerial Meetings, Business Conclaves, Cultural Festivals and other activities to take the ASEAN- India partnership to our peoples.
These are sectors that are closely connected with the rural economy.
Financial implication is towards payment of Interest Equalization Support (IES) to the lending Bank for which budgetary provision will be made by the Department of Economic Affairs every year, as follows:-
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with oil and gas CEOs and experts from across the world.
Am looking forward to address the 40th AGM of the USIBC and meet US business leaders who have, over the past two years, shown renewed confidence in the India.
I am from Gujarat.
Let me assure the nation that those behind this attack, the perpetrators of this attack will be punished.
PM to address the students’ convention, on the occasion of 125th anniversary of Swami Vivekananda’s Chicago address and Pt.
Recently, we benefitted from Deputy Prime Minister Shanmugaratnam’s ideas on transforming India.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
National agencies, laboratories and Academia will participate in crew training, human life science technology development initiatives as well as design reviews.
Be it living in harmony with nature or defending our nation, Rajasthan has shown the way, he added.
NITI was created as an evidence based think tank to guide India’s transformation.
I thank and congratulate the P.N. Panicker foundation for organising this.
Encouraging the rapid adoption of latest technology, the Prime Minister said that soil testing should eventually be possible through hand-held devices.
Mr. Sijesh P. from Kannur, Kerala, worked abroad for 8 years.
Both leaders held detailed exchange of views on the national development plans and priorities.
You must have seen that there was a time when tension prevailed between the Centre and the States for Urea and Kerosene.
My dear countrymen, today is 26/11.
Friends, through his address Swami Vivekanandshone the light of Indian culture, philosophy and ancient traditions for the entire world.
Now we have decided to open Dialysis Centres at district level.
India welcomes EU’s intention to expeditiously initiate the process of recognising additional seed varieties of Basmati rice under Article 28 of the GATTS 1994 for duty derogation, as already requested by India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of noted Hindustani classical vocalist Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar.
The players said that this was the first time that they had seen a Prime Minister tweet for the Women’s Cricket Team.
This is a global responsibility that we must assume in Paris later this month.
It contains practical steps which can benefit everyone, even those who do not consider themselves religious.
The 10 PHWR project will result in a significant augmentation of nuclear power generation capacity.
3. Promoting human resource development in tourism and travel-related industries in both countries;
The names of those companies have been removed from the Registrar of Companies.
Addressing an enthusiastic crowd of participants on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that all Indians want India to be a strong, prosperous nation.
The current policy has certain limitations and restrictions in this regard, which limit the potential sources and methods of procurement.
Less than 50 percent of Indians had bank accounts in 2014; now, it is nearly universal.
The institution shall have a hospital with capacity of 750 beds which will include Emergency/Trauma Beds, AYUSH Beds, Private Beds and ICU Speciality & Super Speciality beds.
4. Project will be covered under the legal framework of Central Metro Acts, Metro Railways (Construction of Works) Act, 1978 and the Metro Railways (Operation and Maintenance) Act, 2002, as amended from time to time.
This is expected to benefit public and private exploration agencies.
He had been running the newspaper as a public movement.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) of Cooperation between Technology Development Board (TDB), Department of Science & Technology, Govt. of India and Bpifrance, a Public Investment Bank, France.
This more than doubled in the first year of this Government to nearly 8000 kilometres, an all-time high.
During the event, The Prime Minister answered questions on a diverse range of issues.
According to the Agreement, the ADNOC will fill up 0.81 MMT or 5,860,000 million barrels of crude oil at ISPRL storage facility at Mangalore, Karnataka.
Your decision to honour Indian soldiers who laid down their lives in the Liberation War of 1971 has deeply touched the people of India.
He said that maximum production of power and coal also happened in 2015.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the efforts to bring about change in Varanasi, are also attempting to preserve the city’s rich heritage.
India is one of the largest manufacturers of pharmaceutical products in the world.
It will give an impetus to rural economy and bring about positive changes .If you ask a poor man, he will clearly share his dream.
This would be a focal point for innovation and entrepreneurship in the country.
The BIMSTEC National Security Chiefs appreciated the Prime Minister’s vision for BIMSTEC and thanked him for hosting the first ever meeting of the National Security Chiefs of the Member States in India.
He will deliver the Convocation Address at the 5th Convocation of Shri Mata Vaishno Devi University.
I am delighted to be here in Nairobi.
He said that his government will also support the efforts of Arunachal Pradesh Government in promoting Organic agriculture in every possible way.
i) to promote safe, honourable and sustainable tourism.
The Nordic countries agree that India is a strong candidate for a permanent seat in a reformed Security Council expanded with both permanent and non-permanent members.
Today seems to be a day of speeches.
The practice of yoga leads to building up of courage, which always protects us like a father.
This scheme is playing a significant role in enhancing self-employment in the villages and towns of the country.
We have also launched an effective drive against domestic unaccounted money.
Our decision to establish a bilateral Technology Innovation Fund worth US$ 40 million for research in industrial development will help us in achieving this goal.
Till 2016, a total of 1,71,605 freedom fighters and their eligible dependents have been sanctioned pension under the scheme.
Alongwith being IT professional, your love for Sanskrit has gladdened me.
We agree to explore the possibility of having a BIMSTEC Motor Vehicle Agreement.
The Joint Declaration will lead to promotion of safe, effective and efficient development of air transport between India and Germany.
Their footprint is all over the world.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi addressed the nation today.
The policy opens a big window for private investments across a range of metro operations making PPP component mandatory for availing central assistance for new metro projects.
“Actual Project Cost” would be replaced by “Total Project Cost”.
The Protocol will stimulate the flow of exchange of information between India and New Zealand for tax purposes which will help curb tax evasion and tax avoidance.
Today’s dawn has brought a new spirit, a new enthusiasm, a new zeal and a new energy with it.
He also talked about the various opportunities for investment that exist in India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the bus accident in Cuttack, Odisha.
Ambassador Haley conveyed greetings from President Trump.
We have also set up the National Investment and Infrastructure Fund.
Accordingly, the Trafficking of Persons (Prevention, Protection and Rehabilitation) Bill, 2018 has been prepared.
9.Stressed the necessity of developing a greater connectivity between the two countries and encouraging cooperation in the infrastructure sector, among small and medium enterprises, in pharmaceutical products, in energy, in the automobile sector, in Information and Communication Technology, in agriculture, in food processing and in other related sectors.
They underscored the importance of reform of multilateral financial and political institutions to make them representative and responsive to the needs of developing countries.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in the working of the Pradhan Mantri Khanij Kshetra Kalyan Yojana, especially in the working of the District Mineral Foundations.
The Prime Minister called for development of suitable platforms and mechanisms which can identify and nurture scientific talent among schoolchildren, and link them to Atal Tinkering Labs at the district and regional level.
There was a time when the world used to talk of Red Tape’.
He called for a report on the condition of rural roads in the Islands within two weeks, and said that once the report has been examined, the Union Government will give whatever assistance is possible.
The ban imposed on Jallikattu by the Supreme Court came up for discussion.
He underlined the fact that the project got final sanction in January 2015 and now it has seen the light of the day.
The MoU will promote understanding of best Agricultural practices in the two countries and will help in better productivity at farmer fields as well as improved global market.
f) Getting electricity
“70 years ago a tragic and deadly World War came to an end.
An India that is bubbling with ideas, knowledge, wisdom and action.
This is the result of our fight against black money.
First, follow up with students and their teachers.
He added that for the first time, the possibility was arising that it could also be an Indian century.
v. Introduction of a Bill, namely, the National Institutes of Technology, Science Education and Research (Second Amendment) Bill, 2016 (Appendix-Ill) in Parliament for inclusion of IISER, Tirupati and IISER, Berhampur in the Second Schedule of National Institutes of Technology, Science Education and Research (NITSER) Act, 2007 (29 of 2007) with such modifications/ changes of the drafting and consequential nature as may be considered by the Legislative Department.
The GST process revealed the spirit of cooperation and bipartisanship”.
Democracy provides an equal opportunity and rights to be heard for all.
Six Thousand rupees in three parts to 12 crore farmers of India.
The Prime Minister said the District Mineral Foundation, envisaged in the last Union Budget, would help channelize funds for the development of the tribal communities.
This year too, the youth of the country is all set, to take part in the ‘Run for Unity’.
Under the Mudra scheme, we have extended micro credit worth more than 90 billion dollars to 128 million persons over the past three years.
The Prime Minister will launch a scheme for environment-friendly “E-Boats” at the famous Assi Ghat.
The extension of currency Swap facility to SAARC countries will strengthen regional integration and inter-dependence and also enhance India’s economic influence in the region.
Like the strings of sitar that each produces a note, but come together to create a beautiful melody.
It was due to the perseverance and struggles of Atal Ji that the BJP was built brick by brick.
The Protocol will also ensure prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
He said that the huge reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean, is due, to a large extent, to the military might of India, and our international partnerships.
v.The Management of CPSEs where the five year periodicity is followed have to ensure that negotiated scales of pay for two successive wages negotiations do not exceed the existing scales of pay of executives/officers and non-unionized supervisors of respective CPSEs for whom ten years periodicity is being followed.
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
Senior officials of these organizations were present on the occasion.
The program will be implemented by the Ministry of Earth Sciences with the participation from various national institutes and research laboratories/ organisations.
The joint training and exercises will help to bring symmetry in capacities of the armed forces and contribute to countering and managing common threats and challenges much better.
These projects highlight the continued emphasis of the Union Government to ensure ‘Ease of Living’.
India welcomes the world to explore economic opportunities our nation has to offer!
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we grew at 7.7 per cent.
He dedicated the 500-bed New Emergency Block in Safdarjung Hospital; the 300-bed Power Grid Vishram Sadan in AIIMS; and the Connection Motorable Tunnel between AIIMS, Ansari Nagar and Trauma Centre.
My brothers and sisters,
Our convergence can help stabilize the region.
The memorial of Babasaheb Ambedkar, the creator of the Constitution of India has been given the shape of a book.
At the same event, the Prime Minister will distribute certificates and employment letters etc to select beneficiaries under various development schemes, including Deen Dayal Upadhyay Grameen Kaushal Vikas Yojana, Mukhya Mantri Gramodaya Yojana and National Rural Livelihood Mission.
The Government and the people of Japan have always shown great affection towards me and my country.
He urged the Chief Secretaries to use the district administration in this regard, so that small traders are facilitated to access and adopt the new system.
Similarly, 20 States and Union Territories have declared themselves ODF in this period.
This spirit, this dedication is a mission mode activity.
The development would help the country in moving forward towards attaining energy security and achievement of the NAPCC targets.
Their spread poses a grave threat, not just to India and Bangladesh but to the entire region.
The Prime Minister said that in a way, India’s cultural heritage holds the answers to all global problems.
He said the work for the sea wall, once completed, will help protect the island of Car Nicobar.
The policy advocates a progressively incremental assurance based approach.
The pious occasion of Christmas reminds us of the great teachings of Jesus Christ who laid much emphasis on the spirit of service, ‘Sewa bhaav’.
Three years ago, I had the opportunity to be present at Amritapuri, to pay my respects on the occasion of Amma’s 60th birthday celebrations.
In fact, we are now living through what many have termed the ‘Asian Century’.
The second change is that the licence granted to the successful bidder will cover all hydrocarbons found in the field.
We are conscious that creating a defence industrial complex is far from simple.
The Prime Minister declared that his struggle is for the poor, and this struggle to give the poor their due, will continue.
I appeal to all the Sarpanchs and village heads to take a lead in this campaign in their respective Panchayats.
I would like to tell you about some of these people.
“As the Asian Games 2018 come to a close, I once again congratulate the Indian contingent for their excellent performance.
And I believe that the youth of Chhattisgarh will be benefited.
“Greetings to all sports enthusiasts on National Sports Day.
An India where start-ups and other businesses provide innovative solutions,
This was the period when there was a need for people to get united in the fight against the British; these festivals, by breaking the barriers of casteism and communalism served the purpose of uniting all.
22. India and the EU acknowledged the importance of connectivity in today’s globalised world.
They alsoreaffirmed the need for reform of the UN Security Council, including its expansion, to make it more representative, accountable, effective, and responsive to the realities of the 21st century.
The Rt. Hon. David Cameron, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, met Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
The decision of the Cabinet shall be conveyed to the Joint Committee on Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament for making amendments in the relevant rules which shall be get approved and confirmed by the Chairman of the Council of States and the Speaker of House of the People and will be published in the Official Gazette.
It might have happened with the earlier regime, since the rules at that time, their attitude and behavior was different.
And, no matter where we may be around the globe, it is in that common bond that we are strong.
The whole nation stands with her.
I am happy that the farmers of my country heeded the needs of our poor people and cultivated various pulse crops on about 290 lakh hectare land.
I was reminded of a question I was asked on a tour abroad.
Now some people may ask why I have picked up those two years only.
We should also gradually make it our nature to set our work patterns according to the weather predictions, which could safeguard us against losses.
The delegation members said they were happy at meeting the Prime Minister, and expressed their wholehearted support to the Prime Minister for the Naga peace process.
India shares with ASEAN a commitment to freedom of navigation, over flight and unimpeded commerce, in accordance with accepted principles of international law, including the 1982 UN Convention on the Law of the Sea.
These areas will act as ‘light houses’ which will eventually influence the rest of the city.
I am glad to announce that starting with Mauritius, we are working to put in place new procedures and documentation requirements so that the descendants of Girmitiyas from this country could become eligible for OCI Cards.
The project will benefit farmers by reducing the water leakage from the dam and make more water available for the farmers.
In the period from 2012-13 to 2016-17, the amount released to States and UTs was 88,353.59 crore (including kind grants) while Rs 18,436.03 crore (including kind grants) was released to States and UTs during the financial year 2016-17.
16 year old player Tabaabi Devi hails from a village in Manipur.
During his tenure, the 44th constitutional amendment was introduced.
The Government has thought of developing additional fifteen thousand Kilo-Miters of gas pipeline network.
As we have done so, we continued to remain one of the fastest growing major Economies in the world.
My programmes in South Africa will span across Pretoria, Johannesburg, Durban and Pietermaritzburg.
Government has opened more than 3600 Jan Aushadhi Kendras all over the country, where more than 700 generic medicines are available at affordable price.
In the life of the farmer of this country both aspects have been important- reverence to his soil and preserving & nurturing it scientifically.
Nations have a national responsibility for sustainable development.
And, we must strive for a lighter carbon footprint on our growth path.
ii. The designated airlines of either country shall have the right to establish offices in the territory of the other country for the promotion end sale of air services.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated H. E. Mr. Leo Varadkar on assuming office as Taoiseach of Ireland.
Of these, more than 70 million loans have been sanctioned to women entrepreneurs.
PM also said that under PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana about Rs. 7.5 Lakh crore will be deposited in the bank accounts of the farmers directly.
The process of land acquisition has begun between Mumbai & Ahmedabad with target of completion by December 2018.
The Prime Minister warmly reciprocated the good wishes.
(i) Administration and maintenance of the above pool by Ministry of Human Resource Development.
They also emphasized the importance of the OPCW and stressed that under no circumstances should there be any use of chemical weapons.
On 26th January the arrival of great leaders of 10 nations of the world as a unit is a matter of pride for all Indians.
Yesterday, President and I had an unforgettable interaction with the Indian diaspora in Kenya.
Today it is known as the commercial capital of Kerala.
Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
He added that emphasis is also being given to micro-irrigation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for introduction of steps for promotion of payments through cards and digital means.
I believe that this is an excellent example of Minimum Government and Maximum Governance, and it’s objective is Minimum Price and Maximum Ease, Efficiency and Transparency.
In response to a question on time management and exhaustion, the Prime Minister said that 1.25 billion Indians are all his family.
He said casteism and communalism will not help us.
And then she registered herself for the scheme.
Connectivity is crucial for the success of bilateral development partnership, sub-regional economic projects and for the larger regional economic prosperity.
India needs energy which is accessible to the poor.
We will be building upon them and putting more new ideas on the BRICS agenda.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the proposal for leasing of 73 sq. mtr. of defence land at Naval Dockyard, Mumbai to M/s.
During the last two years this programme involved the common man; it has forced people from all corners of the country to think and ponder over this burning issue; and brought about a change in people’s thinking about our traditional beliefs and customs which have been prevalent for many years.
Big Data is enabling smarter decision-making by better understanding our patterns and needs.
But, I saw that this time in most of these suggestions, people had asked me to say something about the Rio Olympics.
Apart from fast growth, our economy has also been more stable than most others.
If the BTA with Switzerland is approved as proposed, it would offer an opportunity to use the same as a model template for negotiations on the subject with other EU countries, which have been raising the issue regularly with us.
This will be my third visit to Nepal as Prime Minister.
Shri Sanjiv Singh, Chairman, IOCL
It is important that the poor and the middle class gets access to affordable medicines, he added.
Its contribution to global growth is sixty eight per cent higher, than its share of the world economy.
Indeed, history has shown that finance is often the first to embrace new technology and connectivity.
The Prime Minister will visit Jharkhand.
Why this discrimination?
Very importantly, GST also intends to bring in economic reforms.
Stock markets are essential for the start-up ecosystem.
But even in such a situation, sometimes good things also take place which create a sense of satisfaction in the mind.
Now, BPCL is starting the construction of a Petro-chemical Complex where it would produce polyols that find end use in foams, fibres, foot-wear, cosmetics, and medicines.
They also have unique strengths and insights.
Leather and Allied Sectors
Our partnership with ASEAN and its member countries has served to enhance commerce, technology, investment, development, and security partnerships with the region.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Bhuj.
If Sri Lanka today is the third largest exporter of tea, it is because of your hard work.
This provides an opportunity to ensure that projects of India’s interest are undertaken under this LoC.
Prime Minister will distribute Golden Cards to select beneficiaries of PM-JAY- Ayushman Bharat scheme.
The 31st of October this year will be special on one more account- on this day, we shall dedicate the statue of unity of the nation as a true tribute to Sardar Patel.
At an event in Indore, he also distributed the Swachh Survekshan-2018 Awards, and launched the Swachh Survekshan-2018 results dashboard.
He said that the number of SHGs have quadrupled over the last four years compared to 2011-2014 period, generating employment and creating entrepreneurs in rural areas.
There is more likelihood of the government being a catalytic agent of change if it is better connected to the society.
I think we should propagate this wisdom.
The Prime Minister motivated Indian students studying in Russia, to encourage Russians to visit India for tourism.
Over 4000 km of rural roads have been constructed using green technology in FY17.
But, it is not about the past history alone.
He said the Government is taking a series of coordinated steps to improve the income of farmers.
It is a 13 km long 2 lane bypass, with a project cost of Rs. 352 crore.
As a prelude to the recent visit of President of Russian Federation, Mr. Viadimir Putin in the first week of October 2018, ten Russian students visited India to work with ten Indian students from five Atal Tinkering Lab schools in an Innovation Boot Camp at IIT, Delhi during October 1-4, 2018.
Following are the salient features of the Bill:
Funds will be released in 02 tranches keeping the size to get attractive yield from the borrowers.
Farmers in this village have taken so many initiatives such as using sprinklers, drip irrigation techniques, water harvesting and water recharging, that today their village is strong enough to cope with the water crisis that they face.
I wish the World Sustainable Development Summit a great success.
The Prime Minister mentioned neem coating of urea, bee keeping, and sea-weed cultivation, as areas where the cooperative movement could contribute significantly.
Yesterday, at Mumbai University, I had the opportunity to dedicate to the nation, the Wadhwani Institute for Artificial Intelligence.
South Africa is India’s key trade and investment partner.
The National Food Security Act (NFSA) has come into force w.e.f.
During his address, Shri Modi highlighted several aspects of the India-Portugal partnership.
Under the Scheme, EXIM Bank extends credit at a rate not exceeding LIBOR (avg. of six months) + 100 bps.
I have just returned from Kerala, and I was touched by the love and affection showered on me by the people of Kerala.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Swami Vivekananda, on his birth anniversary.
The MoU was signed on 8th April, 2018.
May all your dreams come true, my best wishes to you.
I read a statement- “who says we do not have the numbers.”
But, this relationship is an outstanding model of international partnership.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi had exhorted people to pledge for leading healthier lifestyle to overcome diabetes, on the World Diabetes Day.
The 13th edition of PETROTECH – 2019, India’s flagship hydrocarbon Conference was inaugurated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi at India Expo Centre, Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh today.
The Prime Minister greeted and interacted with officers and jawans of the Indian Army and Air Force, at Dograi War Memorial, Barki War Memorial, and Air Force Station – Halwara.
But those who are already practising Yoga should not stop it during exam time.
My intention was to ensure that the Divyangjan secure their due rights and also the honour and dignity that they are entitled to.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the beneficiaries of various Digital India Mission schemes from across the country, through video bridge.
The MDGs targets were unevenly achieved across the countries and a need was felt to start fresh discussions to assess the usefulness of the MDGs and to explore possible successor to guide development cooperation in the world beyond 2015.
Dr. Reif appreciated the suggestion, and offered his assistance in this regard.
viii. On the lines of UNCOVER project of Australia, the government intends to launch a special initiative to probe deep-seated/ concealed minerals deposits in the country in collaboration with National Geophysical Research Institute and the proposed NCMT and Geoscience Australia.
Talking of adoption of digital technology, the Prime Minister remarked that the land on which the new building is being constructed, was earlier occupied by the Directorate General of Supplies and Disposal.
That energy is generated from within on its own.
The PRS will be granted for a period of 10 years with multiple entry.
Through our initiatives we want to transform their lives; we want to build homes for the poor, the Prime Minister said.
Creativity can give a new strength to Swachhata Abhiyan or cleanliness campaign.
He spoke of power sector reforms, irrigation, and how economic progress is being linked to rail connectivity.
When we refer to public safety, two aspects are very important- proactiveness and preparedness.
They stressed the positive contribution of the One Plant Summit in Paris on 12 December 2017 to this objective.
Every language has its own significance, sanctity.
The looming threat of terror and the prevailing situation in West Asia will also be a part of the discussions.
The Prime Minister asserted that small businesses will also gain tremendously from GST, and will feel more secure with GST.
After doing nothing for farmers, they will come at the end and say- we will waive off your loans.
iv) Maternal, child and neonatal health;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has strongly condemned the terrorist attack on a place of worship in Egypt.
Shri D.B. Venkatesh Varma Ambassador of India to Russia
MSDE of India signed the MoC on Technical Intern Training Programme (TITP) with the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, Ministry of Justice and Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan in October 2017 creating an enabled framework for bilateral cooperation for appropriate implementation of TITP under the revised Technical Intern Training Act of Japan.
Energy efficiency, water recycling, waste to energy, clean India and river cleaning are among those initiatives.
And, the motto of Sab Ka Saath, Sab Ka Vikas, is our vision of a nation, in which every citizen belongs, participates and prospers.
He said democracy is about bhaagidaari (participation), and said the Centre and the States must walk shoulder to shoulder for development.
The revised Agreement signifies an important landmark in the civil aviation relations between India and Nigeria and has the potential to spur greater trade, investment, tourism and cultural exchanges between the two countries.
Their strength, their impact, and thus, their responsibility, can never be under-estimated.
Indeed, India’s support for Sri Lanka’s development is a promise of our friendship.
Addressing a large gathering, the Prime Minister recalled having worked in this area for a long time.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, visited Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh, and launched various development projects.
And, ASEAN is the anchor of our Act East Policy.
This in turn requires widening the ambit of legal education in India.
Whether it is mines, minerals or machines; all are rewarding areas.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his eighteenth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
Besides, the government’s thinking would also be reflected.
The Programme will also meet the launch requirement of satellites for Earth observation, Navigation and Space Sciences.
These can ignite a partnership that will advance and sustain prosperity in our two countries.
Insertion of new section of 21A which enables the Central Government to make rules and procedures for PIM.
As per the package, Rs. 5.5 lakh cash benefit per family will be disbursed to the displaced families to enable them to earn an income and subsist their livelihood.
Dr. Mohamed Asim, Minister of Foreign Affairs & Special Envoy of the President of Maldives called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon.
For mapping risks related to hazards such as earthquakes we have widely accepted standards and parameters.
• The Bill has adequate provisions for disgorgement or repayment of deposits in cases where such schemes nonetheless manage to raise deposits illegally.
He also launchedother development projects at Jamnagar including the 51 km pipeline from Aaji-3 to Khijadia.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar’s economic vision, and said the Government is working towards the development of youth as job creators, instead of job seekers.
• Capital Expenditure in Infrastructure related projects has gone up by 48% over the previous year.
If you look at the two preceding years before 2014 such as 2012-13 and 2013-14, the average growth rate was around 6%.
This amount is 2.5 times more than what was allocated in four years preceding 2014
· BRICS Financial Forum – 25 to 26 July (Cape Town)
On the basis of reports received from about 45-50 cities, I gathered that demonetisation had encouraged people there to pay their arrears accumulated due to non-payment of dues earlier; many people were in the habit of not making tax payments such as water tax, electricity bills, etc., they just did not pay.
It captures the spirit of sports persons and young sport lovers.
He also distributed LPG connections under the Ujjwala scheme and solar pumps to mark the launch of Saur Ujala Yojana, to select beneficiaries.
So I’m hoping that you’ll tell us a bit about her.
This involves putting in place both systemic safeguards, and targeted economic sanctions based on credible counter-terrorism intelligence.
Excellencies, people of Indian origin in many of your countries provide a special human link between us.
Empowerment is another form of self reliance.
“In Sushil Koirala ji, NC has lost a big leader who served Nepal for decades and India lost a valued friend.
He said endeavours in the cooperative sector in Gujarat have helped the people, especially the farmers.
The fact that so much of the cash in circulation has been deposited in the banking system indicates the success of this mission.
The way they have furthered the message of cleanliness is commendable, he added.
Jan Bhagidari has to be appreciated, the Prime Minister said, adding that today, Swachhata Abhiyan has become a social movement.
Under the aegis of ‘GobarDhanYojana’, many benefits will accrue to rural areas.
It will also encourage technical cooperation in development of Government/Public employee facilitated housing.
He said the cities of Pune, Hyderabad and Indore have raised significant sums of money through Municipal Bonds; and other cities such as Lucknow and Ghaziabad would soon follow suit.
Your Excellency President Xi Jinping, Your Excellency President Jacob Zuma, Your Excellency President Michel Temer, Your Excellency President Vladimir Putin,
c) To encourage cooperation between tourism stakeholders including Hotels and Tour operators,
He set a definite goal and moved forward on its path with grit & determination.
People, and youngsters in particular are coming out with out of the box solutions in record time.
The other side offers weakness and vulnerability.
The Congress divided Andhra Pradesh and their conduct then was shameful
But in the Chola Navy, a large number of women played leading roles and that too about eight to nine hundred years ago; to the extent that women actively took part in battles.
There are some people who can immediately understand the step that we take.
The biggest beneficiaries of this movement are the poorest of the poor.
In this regard, we support measures including policy recommendations proposed in the G20 Initiative to Promote Quality Apprenticeship and the BRICS Action Plan for Poverty Alleviation and Reduction through Skills, to further facilitate vocational training, lifelong learning and the training that is relevant to the fast-changing demand of growing economies and world of work.
Thank you very much.
But when I see your support, when I look at your co-operation; although numerous efforts are on to misguide you, despite that, and despite witnessing some disturbing incidents, you have whole heartedly comprehended the path of righteousness and truth, you have favourably accepted this step taken in the best national interest.
And it is my proud privilege to announce that we will install a Bust of Gandhiji at the Gandhi Memorial Hall.
PM also complimented the role of the Parliamentary Affairs Ministers during the tenure of 16th Lok Sabha.
I thanked President Obama for U.S. support for India’s permanent membership of a reformed UN Security Council.
It comprises festivals all around the year as well as the movements of the celestial bodies.
Ignoring these signs is not a good idea.
Argentina is a part of the Lithium Triangle, and it has approximately 54% of the world’s lithium reservoir.
Therefore, he added, they inspire other children, and often engender a sense of self-confidence among other children.
World Environment Day seeks to address a very significant challenge this year.
This time I have made an appeal.
It is a world that summons us to rise above divisions and competition to work together.
This institute will also conduct research on prevalent regional diseases and other health issues and provide for better control and cure of such diseases.
These themes included the longevity (or immortality) of the Constitution, its workability and flexibility.
“The Cabinet expresses profound sorrow at the sad demise of Shri Manohar Parrikar, Chief Minister of Goa in the evening of 17th March, 2019 at Panaji, Goa.
We will expand our training courses for Pacific Island diplomats and, in addition, offer a two-week business management course at the globally renowned Indian Institute of Management in Bengaluru.
Your Excellency President Michel Temer, Members of the media, Friends,
6th Meeting of BRICS Senior Officials on Science, Technology & Innovation (7 October 2016, Jaipur) 47.
I would like to conclude by saying that India is now ready for business.
He witnessed the sunrise at the White Rann.
The Prime Minister said that the days when urbanization was seen as a problem are now over; it is now seen as an opportunity.
While respecting the autonomy of the banks, I appeal to them to move beyond their traditional priorities, and keep the poor, the lower middle class, and the middle class at the focus of their activities.
In the year 2007 on the occasion of the Centenary celebration of Sri Sri Sri Shivakumar Swamiji our former President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam had paid a visit to Tumukur.
This strategic partnership has grown into a Comprehensive Strategic Partnership with my visit to Việt Nam in 2016.
• Detailed Operational Guidelines developed and released to the States on 2nd July 2015.
I hope that your deliberations will produce constructive and forward looking pathways for action that:
And connecting them represents one of the greatest opportunities available to humanity today.
30. I congratulate the Department of Science and Technology and the Confederation of Indian Industry for organizing this signature event with United Kingdom as the partner country.
The two Prime Ministers reaffirmed the importance of co-operation to tackle the trafficking of stolen artefacts/antiquities.
How our youths become new entrepreneurs, how our youths become new producers, how a complete network of start-up by these new entrepreneurs is set up in the whole country?
We have to arrange for the elections to panchayats and local institutions.
There is a wave of new momentum in our villages.
We welcome Belgium’s collaboration in these areas.
The need for a united global effort to combat terrorism has never been more urgent.
(d) exchange of publications, reports and various public materials related to Public Administration and Governance Reforms, which are published by the Sides;
These 20 lakh people are not from rich or wealthy families.
These are agriculture, science and technology, and security.
It’s true that I myself have been a cadet in the NCC and so I know firsthand how one acquires a fresh perspective through such organizations.
Your vote will prove to be the bedrock of New India.
In the all party meeting yesterday I have urged that we should take maximum help of the debate in the committees and to ensure that how we can ensure that the common man is benefited most from the Budget.
(iv) The MUSK would be maintained as a Reserve Fund in the non-interest bearing section of the Public Accounts of India.
But his contribution to the field of education in India, is worth remembering.
In yet another move to ensure energy security for the country, PM will dedicate to the nation, the 1.5 MMT Mangalore Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) facility and 2.5 MMT Padur SPR facility of ISPRL.
Will also address a public meeting.
• A memento entitled “Divinity” received from SGPC, Amritsar, which had a base price of Rs. 10,000/- was auctioned for Rs. 10.1 lakh.
Credible and capable bankers have been appointed to head banks.
To launch “Japan-India North East Bamboo Initiative” in view of the significance bamboo plays in the region.
He has appreciated India’s efforts to improve land connectivity, including the extension of the trilateral India-Myanmar-Thailand Highway, and India’s $1 billion line of credit to promote infrastructure connectivity with ASEAN.
The Prime Minister will also address a select gathering on this occasion.
iv. Increased awareness and acceptance of the Yoga & Naturopathy as promotive and preventive health-care systems.
The proposal for closure of the company has been made as per the recommendations of BIFR, BRPSE and the Roadmap approved by CCEA on 29.12.2014 for phasing out non-plan budgetary support to sick CPSEs.
I am pleased to announce the establishment of the FIPIC Trade Office in the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry in New Delhi.
The two countries called for the full and effective implementation of the deal, which has been endorsed by the UN Security Council and is a crucial contribution to the non-proliferation framework and international peace, stability and security.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for the signing and ratification of the Extradition Treaty between India and Lithuania.
However much one would like to snuggle up in warmth during a harsh winter, one has to just get up and leave for the track and field.
The Prime Minister recalled that it was on this day in 1971, that the Indian Army had defeated those that are a symbol of terror, cruelty and lawlessness.
And Friends!
I felicitate the mothers and sisters of Riyasi from the bottom of my heart.
It was known that India needed to work on financial inclusion.
He said India has never been an aggressor.
States are moving hand-in-hand with the federal government in this task in the spirit of cooperative and competitive federalism.
The cost of the project is Rs.1123 crore and it will be set up under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).
The visit assumes significant in the wake of giving a boost to health care facilities and services in Madurai and adjoining areas as the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of AIIMS in Madurai and inaugurate the super speciality blocs of Rajaji Medical College, Madurai ,Thanjavur Medical College and Tirunelveli Medical College as a part of upgradation projects of three Government Medical Colleges on the same day.
This decision is expected to improve the teaching standards in the higher educational institutions to attract all eligible talented candidates.
May this Kumbh of aesthetics also become the Mahakumbh of creativity.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal to allot land to Chandigarh Housing Board for construction of apartments for 3930 allottees under Self-Financing Housing Scheme for UT Employees.
c) Delegation of power to HPIL to take appropriate decision to give effect to object clause of its MOA including sale, long term lease and disposal of land
Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Cadre Review of Central Engineering Service(CES)(Roads) of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.
As I said before, we should quickly adopt the draft presented by the President of the General Assembly as the negotiating text and conclude negotiations during the 70th Session of the General Assembly.
About 12% of emissions were offset by the carbon sink action of forestland, cropland and settlements.
He said the State of Jammu and Kashmir should return once again to the days when people from all parts of India saved money to visit the State.
We focused on our common priority of diversifying and deepening bilateral engagement.
India’s greatest asset is its youth.
Can you give me suggestions regarding this youth festival?
The event marked the launch of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee year of Banas Dairy.
• MOODY’s have upgraded the outlook for India.
We have to effectively leverage the mutual understanding which is there for each other.
Describing the well-being of people as the priority for governance, the Prime Minister reiterated the pledge to double farm incomes by 2022.
The Prime Minister was given an overview of the work done by CSIR in addressing national challenges, and its recognition as a major Indian innovator.
In this plan, under the “BIMSTEC Trans-Power Exchange and Development Project”, it was decided that a Task Force led by Thailand, with representatives of member countries, will give a report on draft MoU for grid interconnections.
We do not want to move on the road of bullets and abuses, we want to move ahead with love and affection with the Kashmiri people who have stood with us in patriotic fervor.
He also reiterated his vision for the development of eastern India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the initiative is part of the on-going efforts of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi to reach out to the people and communicate with them in their own language.
Sportsperson are not made overnight; it takes long and sustained perseverance to attain that stature.
If in the past Kashi was known for its intellectual bastion, so was Pune too.
He said the world would pay attention to India, if India is strong.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the new building of the Central Information Commission (CIC) in New Delhi.
He had laid the foundation stone of this Institute in April 2015.
He said a direct link is being established between the River Ganga, and Kashi Vishwanath Temple.
Together, we have had several rounds of discussion with German and Indian CEOs.
It has now become a campaign of societal empathy and public education.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people on the occasion of Baisakhi, Vaisakhadi, Masadi, Bohag Bihu, Poila Boishakh, Vishu, Maha Vishuba Sankranti, and Puthandu, being celebrated in various parts of the country.
At a public event to mark the 75th anniversary of the hoisting of Tricolour on Indian soil by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister released a commemorative postal stamp, coin, and First Day Cover.
However, it has lost relevance.
India’s cooperation with Tanzania will always be as per your needs and priorities.
The Agreement is valid for a period of six years and could be extended through mutual consent between Department of Science & Technology (DST) and Russian Science Federation (RSF).
4. Food companies associations for studying Indian Market in Japan
Our programs ranging from MUDRA to Start Up India and Stand-Up India provide opportunity to the hard working and to the enterprising.
It provides for enhancement of funding allocation from 2 million Euros per year to a maximum of 4 million Euros per year by each side.
The foundation and basic structure occupies some of the costs.
The space monitoring and 3D modelling capabilities were also explained.
Meetings of Experts for BRICS Agriculture Research Platform (27-28 June 2016, New Delhi; 21 September 2016, New Delhi) 15.
For example, think of purchasing Khadi and handloom products on special occasions; this will benefit many weavers.
Raising funds up to Rs.15,000 crore as Extra Budgetary Resources (EBR) (Gol Fully Serviced Bonds) for Swachh Bharat Mission (Gramin) [SBM(G)] during the financial year 2018-19 through NABARD.
We will carry forward our resolve and move forward.
I want to congratulate the Prime Minister for starting a programme MUDRA bank.
We look forward to our continued engagement with our development partners including AIIB.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on cooperation in the energy sector.
The spirit of inter-connectedness, highlighted in the film, is the hallmark of these global frameworks.
Lakhs of people along with Jai Prakash Narain, thousands of leaders, many organisations were put behind bars.
Either the required amount of schools and colleges are not there or else the quality in education is lacking.
PM Awards for Excellence in Public Administration have been instituted with a view to acknowledge, recognize and reward the exemplary work for citizen’s welfare by Districts & Organisations of the Central and State Governments.
101 of these satellites were owned by countries such as USA, Israel, Switzerland, Netherlands, Kazakhstan and UAE.
He said both have won over each other.
Prime motive is creation of jobs and narrowing the gap between affluent and lower sections of society.
It is heartening to note that last August, when Kerala was passing through the worst floods in a hundred years, BPCL Kochi Refinery was kept running against all odds.
They have a feeling that they know solutions for every problem.
The approval would lead to restructuring of composition of Board of NSDF and the NSDC to strengthen governance, implementation and monitoring framework.
At times Mann Ki Baat is also sneered at but 130 crore countrymen ever occupy a special pleace in my heart.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today paid homage to the great freedom fighter Chandrashekhar Azad at his birthplace at Bhabra in Alirajpur District of Madhya Pradesh.
He said Adi Shankara had imbibed the best of practices from different ideologies and thought.
Chief Justice of India, Justice T. S. Thakur,
It helped strengthen the inclusive culture that is our great nation’s immense contribution to the cultural tapestry of this world.
I hold in high esteem, the Election Commissions of all states, security personnel and other staff members who contribute in ensuring strict adherence to free and fair polling.
The Prime Minister described the relationship between India and Israel as one of traditions, culture, trust and friendship.
The Authority shall also regulate such other financial products, financial services or FIs as may be notified by the Central Government from time to time.
Recalling the contributions of Shri Saibaba to the society, Prime Minister said that his teachings give us the mantra to build a strong unified society and to serve humanity with love.
The amendments do not involve any additional expenditure.
What are the core qualities that distinguish an entrepreneur?
He said that the combination of technological capabilities and human interface has enabled last mile connectivity with the affected.
The focus will be the electricity market structure and the integration of renewable energy into the grid.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has urged all eligible voters on the occasion of National Voters’ Day to register themselves and use their right to vote to strengthen the democracy.
There is no limit to the scope and scale of what we can do together, for ourselves and for the region.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will address the inaugural session of Advantage Assam – Global Investors Summit 2018, in Guwahati tomorrow.
The Treaty encourages each country to create favourable conditions for investors of the other country to make investments in its territory and to admit investments in accordance with its laws.
Both agreed that the Afghan peace process has to be Afghan-led, Afghan-owned and Afghan-controlled.
We are such a diverse nation of tens of languages and hundreds of dialects.
In a way it provides for a healthy environment and atmosphere for debate and discussion.
And, greetings to the eminent leaders of Britain and great friends of India present here today.
Solar energy and other renewable sources of energy have become more competitive.
In those days, as now, wherever I went, I would meet some of the top financial brains of those countries.
In an uncertain global economic environment, India has shown tremendous resilience as an anchor of the world economy.
We have done it.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore is respected widely across the world.
On 31 May, on my way to Singapore, I will make a brief halt in Malaysia to congratulate the new Malaysian leadership.
He gave the example of the Canadian snowboarder Mark McMorris, who won a bronze medal in the ongoing Winter Olympic Games, just eleven months after suffering a life threatening injury.
Cabinet’s approval for establishing additional 6.5 MMT Strategic Petroleum Reserve facilities will provide an additional supply of about 12 days and is expected to augment India’s energy security.
But as soon as you finish the examination and exit from the examination hall, suddenly you recollect that very word.
Indian Defence University is being setup at Binola and Bilaspur, in district Gurugram, Haryana.
There is a new level of threat to pluralist and open societies.
In reverence to the sentiments of the larger diaspora to participate in Kumbh Mela and Republic Day celebrations, the 15th PBD Convention is being organised from 21 to 23 January 2019 instead of 9th January.
The Bill broadly has the following features:-
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the publications being released on the occasion as “Granths” (texts) which will leave a mark on history.
I had said in Hannover and I am saying it again, that we are also open to carry out necessary corrections in our policies and procedures.
This will provide electricity connections to all families by December 2018.
The Chief Minister of Odisha, Shri Naveen Patnaik, was present in the meeting.
Powered by the Hundred and Twenty Five Crore people of India, we will grow even faster.
He will address a public meeting.
India recognized Morocco on June 20, 1956 and established relations in 1957.
My dear fellow citizens, today is the 24th of April.
The policy is patient centric and quality driven.
We want to make India a global manufacturing hub.
• Divya Nayan – a machine for visually impaired;
The Air Force played a very significant role in 1999 by pushing back the intruders and liberating Kargil from their clutches.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that on this occasion, the devotional hymn Vaishnav Jan To, which was so dear to Bapu, had been rendered by artistes in about 150 countries across the world.
The matching funds will be as per prevailing rates at the beginning of financial year.
Diversity is not a cause of conflict for us.
The MoU provides a framework for cooperation and coordination, including for the exchange of information and research assistance with respect to each Authority’s overview and other lawful responsibilities.
In a way, the selection of these awards has been transformed completely.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Cadre Review of Group ‘A’ Executive officers of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) with net creation of 90 posts of various ranks from Deputy Commandant to Special DG ranks.
Beneficiaries:
The family’s new enterprise started developing.
Visa issues also came up for discussion.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an Agreement between India and France on the Prevention of the Illicit Consumption and Reduction of Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs, Psychotropic Substances and Chemical Precursors, and related offences.
It will be targeted to cover over 10 crore poor and vulnerable families.
During 2006-07, Chile was ranked 51st export destination for India.
We have printed a guide book on Doing Business in Kenya.
Our founders created a modern nation with freedom, democracy, and equality as the essence of its soul.
Rajasthan will always support the efforts of the Prime Minister towards women empowerment, she added.
So, Prime Minister and I have agreed to forge a closer partnership in the fields of defence and maritime cooperation.
The scheme provides subsidy for capital expenditure – 20% for investments in Special Economic Zones (SEZs) and 25% in non-SEZs.
I thanked the President for South Africa’s support to India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
This group of youngsters has started a big campaign in Delhi for providing education to the street children and slum dwellers.
Why you could not remember the word inside the hall, was due to the pressure.
This journey has reached its 50th episode today.
At present, 37,981 freedom fighters and their eligible dependent pensioners are covered under the scheme.
I have said it before and I will say it here.
And, it is this belief in the power of yoga and faith in humanity that I proposed this initiative in my inaugural address to the United Nations General Assembly in September 2014.
The following changes will be made in list of Scheduled Tribes of Arunachal Pradesh:
And, I assure you that they won’t trap your creativity in long government procedures.
iii) Both sides agreed to operate any number of all Cargo services between each other’s territory with any type of aircraft with full 3rd, 4th and 5th freedom traffic rights.
We want to make conventional energy, like coal, cleaner.
We should bear in mind that higher capital requirements should not become a constraint on promoting financial inclusion or functioning of the banking sector in developing countries.
Subsequent attempts by MEA to sign this MoU did not fructify.
The text of Prime Minister’s op-ed in ASEAN newspapers can be accessed at the following links:
Besides, clear guidelines were defined to disqualify the defector.
He added that every object associated with the National Police Memorial would inspire the citizens and educate them about the bravery of police and para military personnel.
My dear countrymen, I am glad that every time, I request people for suggestions in Mann Ki Baat, numerous suggestions pour in.
Active involvement of 50 percent women power in the development journey of nation can propel the country to amazing heights.
27. The two sides agreed to work bilaterally and with partners in the G20, the United Nations and other multilateral fora to address emerging challenges to international security, global economic stability and growth.
They leave a deep impression on my heart.
They are spending their entire retirement time and whatever they have earned on working for the poor.
The MoU envisages establishing a Joint Working Committee to review, monitor and discuss matters relation to areas of cooperation.
Development and improvement of the techniques and strategies for epidemiological surveillance and communicable and non-communicable diseases control; 7.
I urge eminent people of the country to come forward and jointly contribute in campaigning for spreading awareness on voter registration and casting one’s vote on the day of polling.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with a group of over 140 sugarcane farmers at Lok Kalyan Marg in New Delhi.
2. the process for obtaining the approval of the competent authority is underway after the administrative Ministry/ Department has decided for the closure of the CPSE.
He said that currently, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world and could be the second largest economy in the world by 2030 and also the third largest energy consumer in the world.
The employment-intensive wearing apparel sector has grown at 8.7 per cent.
The MoU was signed on 9th April 2018.
In south- Madhavacharya, Nimbakacharya, Vallabhacharya, Ramanujacharya, in West-Meerabai, Eknath, Tukaram, Ramdas, Narsi Mehta, in north-Ramanand, Kabirdas, Goswami Tulsidas, Surdas, Guru Nanakdev, Sant Raidas, in East-Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and Shankar Dev like saints’ ideology had strengthened Bhakti Aandolan.
The government bears the one time cost of the connection but the consumer pays the full price for the gas.
Sant Vallabhacharya had shown the path of liberation by following the path of affection and love.
May Auroville serve as a beacon to the world.
10. The Sides reviewed the progress on the achievement of the goal to increase two-way investment to USD 30 billion by the year 2025 and noted with satisfaction that both countries were on the way to achieving this target.
The issues like disarmament and geographical expansion are extremely important for both Switzerland and India.
1. To develop projects in association with agricultural companies for production of seed, 2.
However, the movement in 1942 was in a way the final mass struggle that the fellow citizens were waiting for.
the Stand-up India programme for Dalits, Adivasis and Women,
We can learn a lot from each other in this.
the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Scheme for gas connections in the homes of the poor,
FDI flows from Japan have almost tripled in last three years.
The Prime Minister interacted with 42 American CEOs from the manufacturing and infrastructure sectors.
Now, we are one of the fastest trademark regimes.The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code nowgives businesses an exit window without the burden of long legal and financial battles.
This is part of India’s ongoing efforts to expand the envelope of visa-free travel for holders of diplomatic and official passports to other countries of the world, visa free Agreements have been signed with 69 countries.
The 31st of October also is the death anniversary of our former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
This is a day to reaffirm our commitment towards further strengthening our democracy by unfailingly participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
This is a welcome break from my usual routine of old files and cold Delhi.
This will not just be our partnership to advance the UN Sustainable Development Goals, but also to equip the youth of Africa for their place in the digital age.
The last three events have been particularly big.
They have a key role in generating awareness.
This is a very important achievement for India and it is also an acknowledgement as well as recognition of India’s growing leadership in the direction of tackling climate change.
One has seen that no matter how hectic the life is, no matter how tense we are, whether its one’s personal or public life, the arrival of the rains does lift one’s spirits.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post-facto approval to the MoU between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
Issues regarding cyber-security and data encryption also came up for discussion.
The 116th meeting of the trustees of Shri Somnath Trust was held at Somnath today.
To exchange experience in the areas of promotion, marketing destination development and management 8.
The Prime Minister emphasized that cleanliness is not something to be achieved by budget allocations.
The MoU was signed in March, 2018.
He appreciated the vibrant and multicultural society in UAE that has also embraced and protected interest of 2.6 million Indians in the country.
We are happy to announce a grant of about 1 million US dollars in additional funds to the corpus of the Trust Fund.
Long before assuming office, I travelled coast to coast, covering more than 25 States of America.
The combined impact on the exchequer on account of both Dearness Allowance and Dearness Relief would be Rs. 5622.10 crore per annum and in the Financial Year 2016-17 for the period of 8 months (i.e. from July 2016 to February 2017), it would be Rs.3748.06 crore.
The benefits of participation in AMF TCP are shared costs and pooled technical resources.
He added that about 28 lakh youth have been trained in skill development through 600 Rural Self-Employment Training Institute and around 19 lakh have been employed.
Heartiest congratulations to these young players for this grand feat.
We must mobilize schools, colleges and societies – we must spread awareness always, not only during the time of elections.
Accordingly, the Ministry of HRD decided for setting up of National Institute of Technology (NIT), Andhra Pradesh through a temporary campus as an Institution registered under the Andhra Pradesh Societies Registration Act, 2001 with a view to bring the NIT, Andhra Pradesh under the ambit of the National Institutes of Technology, Science Education and Research (NITSER), Act, 2007 through an amendment in the existing Act and declaring NIT, Warangal as its mentor Institute for the first 2-3 years or till such time NIT, Andhra Pradesh is well established at its permanent site.
My Government’s vision of inclusive development ‘Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikaas’ extends to all our neighbours too.
The agreement is symbolic of the strategic depth and maturity reached in India-France defence ties.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved funding for the for Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark-III (GSLV Mk-III) continuation programme (Phase-I) consisting of ten (10) GSLV (Mk-III) flights, at a total estimated cost of Rs. 4338.20 crores.
The slowdown in the GDP even in one quarter has become the biggest news item these days for such people.
PM also acclaimed the success of Newborn care, which benefits 1.25 million children of the country every year.
He said administrative processes should be run based on trusting the people, rather than doubting the people.
“I will be travelling to Malaysia and Singapore for a four-day visit.
I firmly believe that governments must be accountable in democracy and the public at large must be provided with report card of works done.
The arrear payments of PLR for the year 2014-15 to the employees/workers by the Major Port Trusts and Dock Labour Board will be calculated on the enhanced wage ceiling of Rs.7000/- per month for calculation of Bonus instead of Rs.3500/- per month on the existing methodology of combined All India Port Performance.
Hence, there is a need for better coordination and cooperation among the armed forces.
In exceptional cases where CPSEs are already working at optimum capacity, the administrative Ministry / Department may consult DPE considering industry norms.
There should be some plans to do that.
Early last year, a new institution was created, namely, the National Institution for Transforming India or NITI.
We can now see a positive momentum towards digital transactions in India.
Implementation Strategy and Targets:
Take the case of One Rank One Pension.
Some Indians have made it their resolve.
Therefore it is appropriate that parents desiring their well-being should plant tree and rear them like their own children.
I have been saying that this twenty first (21st Century) is Asia’s Century.
It seeks to maximize the benefits of services liberalization and trade to the developing countries.
Now whatever goods Arulmozhi Madam could supply, she got all those registered on this government website.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mahabodhi International Meditation Centre, Leh Ladakh on Mahakaruna Diwas 2017 celebrations.
• It will cover only establishments employing ten or more workers except manufacturing units.
“Greetings to our citizens on National Technology Day.
His life is an inspiration to us, our society and the whole country.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you, some recent, remarkable achievements of our scientists in India.
All the family members have to work as a team and play with zeal their respective roles to make this festival of examination a success.
The proposal will further the cause of financial inclusion by providing basic banking, payments and remittance services and facilitate financial services like insurance, mutual funds, pensions and access to credit in tie-up with third party financial providers with special focus on rural areas and the unbanked and under-banked segments.
You all are aware that Saint Shri Ramanujacharya had also linked fulfilling the needs of the poor with social responsibility.
She brought the people together by infusing a sense of national-awakening.
Creating a Greener World: by taking concerted action on countering Climate Change, through initiatives such as the International Solar Alliance; 3.
He also unveiled a plaque to mark the commencement of phase-2 of BharatNet.
It can enable us to lead in the digital century and find solutions to enduring human problems and emerging global challenges.
Earlier, delivering the open remarks to the gathering, Hazrat Syed Mohammad Ashraf, Founder President of the All India Ulama and Mashaikh Board, said that the Muslims of India, stand confident of their future in this country, and committed to upholding the unity, integrity and territorial sovereignty of the nation.
There are some people who lose a limb or body part in an accident.
We rejoice in the success of the Indian-origin diaspora as they leave a mark across the world, near and far.
However, HarivanshJi will certainly be able to do this thing.
1. MoU with the Ministry of Transport of the Russian federation for the development of cooperation in transport education for the development of cooperation in transport education.
Prof. Satyendra Nath Bose was an Indian physicist, best known for his work on quantum mechanics, providing the foundation for Bose–Einstein statistics.
He also laid the foundation Stone for the Karmalichak Sewerage Network spanning 96.54 kilometres.
He will also dedicate the Super Specialty Block of KIMS, Hubballi.
(ii). Replenishment of RBIs Gold Reserves.
Your vision will expand.
PM Muscat had a bilateral meeting with PM Modi on the sidelines of the Summit.
2. exchange of information on programs, publications, expertise and results of research in the field of water resources;
India has had good diplomatic relations with Austria since the establishment of bilateral ties between the two countries in 1949.
India is honoured to be a development partner for Africa.
NBCC will infuse funds of Rs. 35.7 crore as equity into HSCL.
I wish all the graduating students a bright and vibrant future.
Wonderful initiative by @indiatvnews.
He said that Dibrugarh is an important centre of healthcare, education and commerce in the region, and the people living north of the Brahmaputra, can now access this city, more conveniently.
We enjoy a strong network of business to business partnerships.
The Prime Minister shared his sentiments on Twitter saying, “My deepest gratitude to the Government of Afghanistan for conferring the Amir Amanullah Khan Award.”
Banks have also been asked to increase working capital loans from 20 per cent of turnover to 30 per cent, for enterprises that transact digitally.
Other Freedom Fighters / spouses including INA
Inspired by the spirit of Yoga, they commit themselves to its pursuit.
• Web based name based tracking system called Mother & Child Tracking System (MCTS) across all the States & UTs to facilitate timely delivery of entire complement of quality MCH services including antenatal and postnatal care services to all the pregnant women and immunization to all the children.
He said the fruits of development must reach the eastern part of India, for us to gain strength in the fight against poverty.
The Prime Minister said that basic facilities such as roads, electricity and water, are being extended to the rural areas surrounding Varanasi as well.
MoU would lead to develop a joint activity in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
In 2015-16, this will rise to over 2500 megawatts.
That is why my dear brothers and sisters, it is necessary for us to move ahead with big aims and resolve.
PM laid the foundation stone of Water Supply Scheme and Underground Sewer Project under AMRUT for Dhule City with an estimated cost of around Rs 500 crores.
The objective of this MoU is to establish mutual cooperation in the field of civil aviation, which will cover, to begin with, the airports of Jaipur and Ahmedabad.
As one would say it in Russian:
vii. Amendment of clause 9 (2) (ix) of the Bill to increase the number of expert members in executive committee of National Authority from two to three.
The Nordic approach to innovation systems, characterised by a strong collaboration between public sector, private sector and academia, was discussed, and synergies were identified with India’s rich pool of talent and skills.
We have also agreed to work towards a long-term and a mutually beneficial arrangement for trade in pulses.
Many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
India has been the land of peace for ages.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratifying an Agreement between India and Armenia on cooperation and mutual assistance in customs matters.
Addressing a large public meeting, the Prime Minister appreciated the State Government for the steps taken over the last two years to fulfil the aspirations of the people.
They tied Rakhi on the Prime Minister’s wrist.
The scheme will boost set up of new hospitals in tier 2-3 cities, which also increases job opportunities in the healthcare sector, he added.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Morocco on cooperation in the field of water resources.
Though some of these advanced biofuels have successfully been deployed in few countries, India is still awaiting its deployment in transport sector.
Marks have become all important.
Mr. Gattaz briefed the Prime Minister about growing trade and investment relations between India and France.
Thanks a lot.
A group of about 90 ASHA representatives from across the country, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today to express their happiness, and thank him for the recent announcement of increase in incentives, and insurance cover.
Speaking on the importance of Tourism Sector, PM highlighted the remarkable growth in this sector.
She endured several challenges in life and went on to enter Olympics final, missing a medal only by a whisker.
29. Meeting of Heads of Export Credit Agencies (ECAs) (13 October 2016, New Delhi) 30.
We choose the side of principles and values, of peace and progress, not one side of a divide or the other.
· 50 Overseas Employment Skill Training Centres to be opened this year, in migratory pockets of the country.
The Scheme becomes effective from1.12.2018 for transfer of benefit to eligible beneficiaries.
20. Looking to the future let me outline what I see as the path we will follow in the coming years.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana has also benefited farmers whose crops have been destroyed by unforeseen causes.
I want to tell these parties- Modi will come and go, India will remain.
Those who are tense and worry about what kind of questions will be asked, end up having a negative impact on their results as well.
He also appreciated the simplicity of Prof. Swaminathan.
A poet had said that no man is an island.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched the National Rurban Mission from Kurubhat, in Rajnandgaon district of Chhattisgarh.
And, they are putting entire regions to peril and making the world more insecure and violent.
To give you an example: we have started open auction for natural resources including telecom spectrum, coal mines and other minerals and even private radio channels.
Noting the importance of security for investors, the Prime Minister said that India’s vibrant democracy and use of English go a long way in ensuring a sense of security.
PM said, “Tomorrow at 9:30 AM, I will take part in an exciting interaction with youngsters from the world of start-ups & innovation.
He reiterated that the Union Government is committed to cleaning the River Ganga.
Sanitation has languished for years as a poor cousin of health or of drinking water supply.
It also has the energy and drive of youth.
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of second campus of the Skill development institute set up by BPCL at Ettumanoor.
But, climate change is not of our making.
Among the views expressed at the roundtable, was a clear assertion that India has the makings of becoming the “clean energy world capital.”
Destruction of one leads to destruction of the other.
This implies that the principal and the interest in respect of the EBR of Rs.16,300 crore to be raised by PFC, IREDA, IWAI, and NABARD shall be financed by Government of India by making suitable budget provisions in the Demand of respective Ministries/Departments.
The total 5.33 MMT capacity under Phase-I of the SPR programme is currently estimated to supply approximately 95 days of India’s crude requirement according to the consumption data for FY 2017-18.
It is a huge endeavour.
These steps have greatly benefitted not only the poor, but also the middle class, PM said.
Innovation and sub-optimal spending on R&D too are issues to be addressed.
Be it the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our Air Force for the commendable efforts of our Air Warrior.
As India’s engagement with the region grows, Singapore will remain a gateway to ASEAN and the broader East.
The government considers delays in the schemes as a criminal negligence.
18. The two leaders reaffirmed their shared commitment to the total elimination of nuclear weapons and remained resolute in the task of strengthening international cooperation to address the challenges of nuclear proliferation and nuclear terrorism.
This will help in improving the functioning and performance of the Judiciary across the country in reaching out to every citizen.
The Indian diaspora is a bridge of friendship between India and the Gulf states.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the scheme of recapitalization of Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) for the next three years i.e. upto 2019-20.
Our endeavour towards peaceful development has only too often been de-railed by cross-border terrorism.
But if I am saying then I should at least do something.
The PM will also visit the Netherlands on 27 June 2017.
27. The river Ganga has a special significance for India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post facto approval to the signing of MoU between India and Morocco in the field of mining and geology.
I know you do it, but have you ever wondered that you can earn using this very scheme?
Pakistan must walk away from terror if it wants to walk towards dialogue with India.
Reducing complicated procedures, making them available at one platform- preferably online, simplifying the forms and formats has been taken up on war footing.
(e) The annual rate of interest on special loans shall not exceed 0.3% (including all other applicable, charges) and the tenor shall not be less than 40 years (with 10 years of moratorium on repayment).
I’ve visited Oman nearly 10 years ago.
India is now one of the few countries where the market share of an indigenous credit card brand exceeds 33%.
The Prime Minister acknowledged the Japanese Prime Minister’s vision for the bilateral relationship, and said he looks forward to the visit of Mr. Shinzo Abe to India.
I heard some of the voice messages and they were unique.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
The 9/11 of 1893 was about love, harmony and brotherhood, he added.
• Infrastructural Investment in Rural Areas: It is estimated that, one 100klpd bio refinery will require around Rs.800 crore capital investment.
The approval will ensure increased availability of short term crop loans to farmers through Cooperative banks at reduced rate of interest.
In order to leverage India’s demographic dividend and prioritise skill development, a dedicated new Ministry for Skill Development and Entrepreneurship (MSDE) was set up, for the very first time, by the newly elected NDA government in November 2014 to steer and coordinate skill development efforts.
It is a personal loss for me.
Accordingly, we will allocate an increasing share of resources under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan to quality.
There are no funds.
PM in Arunachal Pradesh
I firmly believe that, Asia and the world will have a better future when India and China work together in trust and confidence, sensitive to each other’s interests.
The Prime Minister said that the process of making Metro systems is also linked to cooperative federalism.
• Addresses Public Meeting
He said he is happy to be among those who are responsible for ensuring that companies follow the law, and maintain their accounts properly.
It is a responsibility that both existing and rising powers have.
I have directed that Rs. 1000 crores be released immediately by Government of India to Tamil Nadu for immediate relief.
He asked the people to encourage all tourists to visit this Centre.
The selections for participation in exchange programmes shall be done in an objective and transparent manner and the outcomes of the programmes under the MoU shall be open for public scrutiny.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to Railways.
This 65 percent of population should be skilled.
Tropical countries have high sea surface temperatures and hence Ocean Thermal Energy Conversion (OTEC) is a good option for countries like India.
That is why, all our initiatives aim for one hundred percent.
Two days ago, I began my visit by going to the Arlington National Cemetery -the final resting place of many brave soldiers of this great land.
The Prime Minister in his message has said:
However, he did not let his own newspaper have access to this news, the Prime Minister observed, adding that this shows his commitment to ethics and public service.
The President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan His Excellency Dr. Mohammad Ashraf Ghani was warmly welcomed on his working visit to India on 14 & 15 September 2016.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
The Convention has been opened for signature as on 31st December 2016 and a first joint signing ceremony is scheduled to be held in Paris on 7th June, 2017.
“My greetings to all friends in the media on National Press Day.
It will be linked with the Ayushman Bharat – World’s largest healthcare scheme, through which around 10 lakh people have benefitted since launch.
• To strengthen institutional responses to combat wildlife crime by promoting research and information sharing, training and capacity building, technical support, sharing experiences and outreach; and
Shri Narendra Modi explained how Sufism has helped strengthen the inclusive culture that is India’s great contribution to the world’s cultural tapestry.
The choices that we make today, will define our collective future.
• inexpensive devices for diagnosis of cervical cancer, TB and dengue
The scheme will come into effect from the upcoming Kharif season.
Now vibrant Gujarat as well as the start of Ahmedabad shopping Festival, is a commendable initiative”.
This was the second of five such interactions.
Their approach is neither intrusive nor abrupt.
Floods in North Eastern States
May this tournament showcase the best sporting talent and give our youth a platform to fulfil their sporting dreams.
He did not allow the news to be published in his own newspaper so that the newspaper can win praise.
During my past UK visit, in London, the Queen of Britain, Queen Elizabeth had invited me to dine with her.
For too long, the world has seen crude prices on a roller-coaster.
Placed below are some key excerpts from the Prime Minister’s speech:
KisanMandi will also offer direct supply through retail outlets on a franchises model.
These will have large multiplier effects throughout the economy.
“I salute Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose on his birth anniversary.
More than 5 lakh villages are now ODF, he added.
The 10th BRICS Summit – 25 to 27 July (Johannesburg)
And, it will support the expansion of the Pan Africa E-Network and institutions of skilling, training and learning across Africa.
Prime Minister referred to his fruitful visit to Sri Lanka in May this year for the International Vesak Day.
It also aims to inculcate discipline among financial service providers in the event of financial crises by limiting the use of public money to bail out distressed entities.
We have done this despite our low starting point in per capita energy consumption.
Out of these, 22 fields/ discoveries belong to of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) Limited, 5 belong to Oil India Limited (OIL) and 12 are relinquished fields / discoveries from the New Exploration and Licensing Policy (NELP) Blocks.
The Delhi Meerut Expressway, once completed, will significantly reduce travel times from the National Capital to Meerut, and to several other parts of Western Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand.
His public life started with the JP movement.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will launch the “Start-up India” movement at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi tomorrow.
I hope that this Centre shall strive to strongly integrate elements of Yoga, in all its programmes and initiatives.
Let us build mechanisms to meet global expectations, he asked the Secretaries.
Now, what they did when they received a 2000 rupee note as wages?
31. To further enhance mutually beneficial cooperation between the two countries in the field of labour through Joint Working Group Meeting, as well as exchanges of visits and information on latest policies, laws and regulations;
Let us take the example of Mr. Sachin Tendulkar.
He said that in the past four and half years, 15 new AIIMs have been either built or are being built and 31,000 MBBS and post-graduation seats in medical sector have been increased.
And it impacts many aspects of doing business.
In this regard, I have suggested ‘Reformed Multilateralism’ in my meeting in Johannesburg.
These discussions would lay the foundation on which we will construct a twenty first century partnership.
The JIN would impart clarity to the interpretation of the existing Agreement between India and Bangladesh for the Promotion and Protection of Investments (BIPA).
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Chhattisgarh on Thursday, 14th June.
The Prime Minister said that bilateral relations between India and France have expanded from the triad of Defence, Space and Civil Nuclear cooperation to encompass a broad range of sectors, especially counter-terrorism, maritime security, and renewable energy.
Shriman Prakash Tripathi has further cited some examples.
A spirit of enterprise among the Northeast’s youth augurs well for the empowerment of the region.
I hope that these adaptations will inspire other countries and regions to develop similar strategies.
Central University of South Bihar, Gaya, Bihar
There are times when one has to face an illness that leaves a scar for a lifetime.
Our Government is taking many steps for the farmers.
61. The Sides underlined common approaches to ensuring security in the use of ICTs and their willingness to strengthen bilateral inter-agency practical dialogue in furtherance of the intergovernmental Agreement on Cooperation in the field of Security in the Use of Information and Communication Technologies.
All of us are back together once again after the recess during the Budget Session of the Parliament.
That is healthy.
And such experiments are done by many people.
This has in some way contributed to several ills that plague our society today.
Though seeing you he will say yes you are our village Sarpanch.
The Prime Minister will release a book and souvenir on Baba Banda Singh Bahadurji on the occasion.
Above all, we see assertion of power over re-course to international norms.
You have come from different lands and cultures, but you are united by a common faith.
A corpus of Rs. 10,000 crore could potentially be the nucleus for catalyzing Rs. 60,000 crore of equity investment and twice as much debt investment.
He witnessed the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
Now it is going to be nearly two years on 2nd October and I can confidently say that one hundred and twenty five crore people of the country have now become more aware about cleanliness.
I am pleased that we have agreed to upgrade our joint exercises and set up the SU-30 Forum.
We have committed that by 2030, 40% of our electric power capacity will be from non-fossil fuel.
Technology intervention will remove the hurdles for the common man in accessing various facilities.
Renewable energy, Tesla’s battery technology, and innovations in energy storage figured in the discussions between the Prime Minister and Mr. Elon Musk.
And, we must remember that the western system of thought, from Hippocrates to Percival to Edison have expressed views on health that are not fundamentally different from the philosophy of the Indian System.
Last September, the United Nations adopted the Development Agenda for 2030.
Our agreement to cooperate in cyber security is very important.
It is with the same spirit of cooperative federalism that is shaping centre-state relations in every area, that I am encouraging greater scientific collaboration between Central and State institutions and agencies.
Belief in the spirit of innovation and the power of imagination.
To begin with financial inclusion has become a reality for 1.3 billion Indians.
In the isolated regions of the Nilgiri plateau in South India, a small wanderer community Toda make their settlements using locally available material only.
He recalled his last visit to Mirzapur, with French President Macron, for the inauguration of the solar plant.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the young cricketers of team India on winning the Under-19 World Cup.
It has brought fame and repute to your country.
We have opened up nearly all sectors of our economy to FDI.
I suggest to all of you that of all the 5-10 positive things that you might have heard, seen or would have had experienced were to be disseminated, so that other people would get to know of them and this would lead to a spirit of benevolence.
We have launched the Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy to bring transparency and competitiveness in the sector.
Jharkhand plans to double its irrigated area from 19 per cent to 40 per cent in the next two years.
To galvanise global action, India has started the International Solar Alliance, which has the support of over 120 countries.
To the Indian community in Sungai Petani, I salute you for the Gandhi Memorial Hall that you built within a few years of his martyrdom.
They emphasised the importance of a sustainable and inclusive political order in Afghanistan which ensures that the gains of the past decade are consolidated and remain irreversible.
The cooperation activities include supporting joint research and development projects; exchange of scientists and experts, sharing of advanced research facilities, joint seminars, symposia and workshops, sharing of relevant information on science, technology and innovation policy, program and research & development projects.
This will be apart from our offer of support for Polio eradication.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
We have launched the Prime Minister Research fellows.
A National Judicial Data Grid has been set up to provide data on cases pending in district courts across the country.
Friends, for the first time I would like to share my thoughts on this drive of eradicating the black money because you all are aware of the strength of this mission.
India will support the realisation of your vision of Pacific Regionalism.
In the World Bank Report of 2016 on ease of doing business, India has moved up by 12 ranks at one go.
Just as Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel unified India by helping several princely states subsume into a common entity, the GST will bring economic unification.
The two leaders reviewed with satisfaction the significant all round progress and cooperation in ties between India and the US in the past few years.
Noting that Indians had never coveted territories of other nations, the Prime Minister emphasized that when the time came to protect human values, the Indian Armed Forces never failed to rise to the occasion.
We must protect and build on the gains of the last fifteen years and march ahead.
He will present the Police and Fire Service Medals for distinguished and meritorious services.
Barring Arunachal Pradesh, Delhi, Kerala and Madhya Pradesh, the other State Governments/UTs expressed a desire to be excluded from NSSF investments.
The world has accepted this.
Total investment of USD 5 Million will be made by TCIL in the form of Equity from its internal resources.
It underlines our shared commitment to deal with our security challenges.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
He also mentioned the various steps that have been taken by the Union Government to curb black money.
In just a few days, 150,000 such enterprises have come on board for loans.
It is farmer friendly, common man friendly, business environment friendly as well as development friendly.
We are working hard to create conducive conditions for this engagement.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Protocol amending the Convention between India and Slovenia for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income.
However, India is more than just us politicians.
They are letters of HOPE, where:
In the ‘Non-Cooperation Movement’ of 1920 and the ‘Quit India Movement’ of 1942, two different personas of Mahatma Gandhi can be seen.
Only peaceful individuals can make peaceful families.
You have made Sri Lanka your home.
“I welcome all the leaders and delegates who are coming to India for the Forum for India-Pacific Islands Cooperation.
The proposal aims to secure:
Today, when the energy sources and excesses of our industrial age have put our planet in peril, the world must turn to Sun to power our future.
When I give these figures, it is important to remember that in the preceding years, many of these indicators were moving in the opposite direction.
The Minister conveyed to Prime Minister Modi, greetings from President Sisi of Egypt.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and France on technical bilateral cooperation in the field of new and renewable energy.
To me, India’s policies must be such that they make a positive contribution to the rest of the world.
An idea can become a global name within a year.
He said the Agriculture Ministry was now being renamed and reoriented as the Ministry for Agriculture and Farmers’ Welfare.
The FMBAP Scheme will be implemented throughout the country for effective flood management, erosion control and anti-sea erosion.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people of Himachal Pradesh on their Statehood Day.
The CBN shall upload the details of sales contract so registered by it on the online system.
India will never forget the fearlessness with which our courageous soldiers gave a befitting & unforgettable reply to the intruders.
The Working Group shall hold its annual meeting alternatively in India and Morocco.
Through ‘Mann Ki Baat’, I once again have been blessed with the opportunity to be face-to-face with you.
The industry could think of encouraging start-ups by young entrepreneurs who can create a growing market for made-to-order Indian jewellery.
In a major boost to health infrastructure the Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the continuation of the National Health Mission – with effect from 1st April 2017 to 31st March 2020 with a budgetary support of Rs. 85,217 crore as Central Share over this period.
Third, focus on key priorities of our economic transformations.
This pipeline is not only facilitating savings, disbursal of credit, social security, etc. but more importantly channelizing direct benefits of various government schemes to poor people of the country through DBT.
Mentioning that the Union Government is taking many initiatives in the health sector, he called for expeditious upgradation of health infrastructure.
For many years, economists and other experts have held corruption to be one of the main constraints on the growth of any developing economy.
Our Government has met this demand pending for so many years.
There is provision to partner the States through co-alliance.
PM also mentioned about Rashtriya Kamdhenu Ayog, for conservation protection and development of cows and their progeny.
He called upon Chief Ministers of Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Sikkim, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Andhra Pradesh, to work together to make recommendations on a coordinated policy approach to the two subjects of “agriculture and MNREGA,” including both pre-sowing, and post-harvest phases.
The Prime Minister asked Dr. Reif to explore the possibility of using MIT’s expertise in the Flagship Programmes of Skill India, Digital India and Start-Up India.
We must make 2017 our Year of Resolve.
Whether it is the life of a person, life of a nation, or the lifespan of a society, inspiration, is the basis of progress.
Our team is quite strong.
This package not only has proposals for roads and electricity projects, it actually envisages development of every region and every section of society of Jammu and Kashmir.
· Ministry of Earth Sciences, Govt. of India (MoES) and Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology (JAMSTEC) signed an MoC for collaboration in broad areas under Ocean and Earth Science and Technology in November 2016.
The photo showed that a grandson was participating in the Clean Morna River along with his grandfather.
These MoAs will aim at introducing reforms and regulatory measures for recovery of user charges on Polluters Pay principle, restrictions on usage of ground & fresh water for non-potable purposes through stricter monitoring and guidelines that promote re¬use of treated wastewater.
He will address the ‘Republic’ Summit, organized by Republic TV, in Mumbai.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi approved a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Israel on “India-Israel Industrial R&D and Technological Innovation Fund (I4F)”.
If it is a video, then share the video.
Friends, apart from Rakshabandhan, ShravanPoornima is also celebrated as Sanskrit Day.
I have had the fortunate opportunity to be blessed by Swamiji, many a time.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the players and officials of the Indian Women’s Cricket Team that recently participated in the Women’s Cricket World Cup.
I have resolved to complete 99 big projects.
These will nurture innovative start-up businesses to become scalable and sustainable.
However, I am sure the love for nation will make you sound those who have amassed black money.
In fact, the Project was sanctioned in 2011 but the work order for the synthetic track was awarded only in 2015.
(Category I, II, III and IV) of the Corporation on the payroll as on 1.12.2008 or appointed thereafter are covered under the scheme.
The festival of Onam is being celebrated in Kerela.
5. During the meeting with President Duterte, the two leaders reviewed the progress in bilateral relations and in global and regional situation since their meeting in Manila in November 2017.
In this context, they emphasized the need for the project to generate cost-effective electricity; economical and competitive financing package from the French side; reliable, uninterrupted and continued access to guaranteed fuel supply for the lifetime of the Jaitapur Nuclear Power Plants; and collaboration on transfer of technology and cost-effective localization efforts of manufacturing in India.
During their meeting, Prime Minister extended a warm welcome to President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
He expressed deep satisfaction that concrete steps were being taken to implement the decisions taken during his visit.
During the interaction, officers shared their experiences on subjects such as a digital and smart governance, administrative procedures and accountability, transparency, doubling of farmers’ income, skill development, Swachh Bharat, consumer rights, environment protection, and building of New India by 2022.
Both within and outside the country, it has captured the imagination of people, institutions, industries, media and the political leadership.
There are others who were uneasy at the strength of our partnership.
After demonetization, someone definitely might have helped those companies.
The theme of the Plenary was – “Achieving a New Balance on the Global Stage.”
Do try to do it; of course do not travel too much in one go.
The Prime Minister said lack of water resources has been a major impediment to development.
I want to reassure my farmer brothers and sisters that ‘Jai Jawan Jai Kisan’ is not merely a slogan, it is our guiding Mantra.
As a follow up of Budget announcement, NITI Aayog constituted an Expert Committee on Innovation and Entrepreneurship under the Chairmanship of Prof. Tarun Khanna, Director, South Asia Institute, Harvard University, USA to work out detailed contours of AIM and SETU.
As we look to the future of this exciting partnership with Israel, I am filled with hope and optimism.
Riddhiraj Kumar presented a cheque of Rs. 18,000 to the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi as donation for Army Welfare Fund.
If we have to match its strides and move ahead, research and innovation are the keys, these are its lifelines and moving spirit.
The Prime Minister and Mr. Sarkozy condemned the recent terrorist attacks in Paris, Pathankot, Brussels and other parts of the world, and called for concrete action by the global community against the threat of terrorism.
These awards also attract attention innewspapers and television also.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of revised Air Services Agreement between India and New Zealand.
In preliminary studies, ‘in place’ probable Shale gas resources in the range of 100-200 TCF in 5 Indian sedimentary basins have been assessed by various international agencies.
The Prime Minister asserted that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel, and his contribution towards the building of our nation.
In the road sector, we need to keep in view the special land and weather conditions of this area.
The MOU provides a structured framework for cooperation on domestic workers related matters and provides strengthened safeguards for Indian domestic workers including female workers deployed in Kuwait.
I hope you shall continue to hold your Alma Mater in the highest esteem.
Swachh Shakti-2019 is a national event which aims to bring in to focus the leadership role played by rural women in Swachh Bharat Mission.
To increase Exchange of information and data related to tourism 3.
The Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation has been envisaging bilateral cooperation with other countries in water resources development and management through sharing of policy and technical expertise, conducting of training courses, workshops, scientific and technical symposia, exchange of experts and study tours.
Following are the higlights from his interaction with the participants:
But when a task is taken up with a noble objective, to realise a lofty intent, with a clear conscience, the countrymen stay firm courageously amidst all these trials and tribulations.
The new law will make India a leader among South Asian countries to combat trafficking.
We have cut the fiscal deficit target every year and also achieved it every year.
(ix). Section 17 is to be amended for empowering the Arbitral tribunal to grant all kinds of interim measures which the Court is empowered to grant, under Section 9 and such order shall be ‘enforceable in the same manner as if it is an order of Court.
Addressing the National Youth Conclave in Surat today, PM said the earlier attitude was that nothing will happen or nothing will change.
The loss that NABARD suffers by giving loans to cooperative banks and societies at low interest rates, shall be borne by the Government of India.
I too have seen videos put up on social media by beneficiaries of this scheme.
Chartered accountants can start a new career in this field by becoming insolvency practitioners.
In case of programme components specifically meant for the adolescents, the age-group is 10-19 years.
The maximum limit of 40% seats for which fee would be regulated in private medicalinstitutions and deemed universities has been increased to 50% seats.
He emphasized on the potential of investment in the renewable energy and organic farming sectors.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the CPSE Conclave at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on April 9, 2018.
These advanced fuels are presently in their early stages of development in our Country and necessitate extensive R&D for making these fuels a viable option for meeting our energy needs.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Manipur and Assam on 4th January 2019.
The benefit of the proposed modifications will be available with effect from 1st January, 2016, i.e., the date of implementation of 7th CPC recommendations.
The prediction of Shri Aurobindo that “Indian Yoga … is potentially one of these dynamic elements of the future life of humanity” is coming true.
I wish to thank Prime Minister Abe for the support extended for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
We commemorated 75 years of Quit India Movement last week.
With this stretch all 45 km of the Phase I project becomes operational.
With our Jan DhanYojana, we aimed to give a bank account to every Indian.
He said the State has set a target of 51,500 farm ponds for Financial Year 2016-17, which may be scaled up further, in view of the enthusiastic response of farmers.
Artists have often inspired a generation.
16.Pledged to continue promoting the shared goals of nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation as solutions with multilateral perspective, as well as to continue promoting cooperation on international security issues.
There is no dearth of schemes but lack of creating synergy and linking the schemes with each other to achieve common goal.
Our focus is on development of untapped areas, such as ornamental fisheries and trout farming.
Even though media may be owned by private individuals, it serves a public purpose.
We stand on the cusp of a bright new chapter in India-Israel relations driven by our people and the mutual opportunities for betterment of their lives.
The co-produced films will also be eligible for their participation as domestic productions in film festivals of both the countries and any other incentives which are available for carrying out production and post-production work in any of the countries.
He urged the diaspora to participate in building a New India specially in research and innovation.
More than 90 percent of the FDI approvals have been put on automatic route.
Noting that terror has evolved and terrorists are using 21st century technology, the Prime Minister observed that our responses are rooted in the past.
Friends, till recently Indian importers had to go abroad to view and purchase rough diamonds.
According to Rajani, her father has sacrificed a lot, undergone hardships to help her reach where she is.
We know that sometimes duties are neglected, authority is misused.
And, there is confidence in our citizens, especially our youth.
He appreciated the breadth of young talent in India, and said the youth have significant skills which Apple would like to tap.
It is a pleasure to be in the company of the eminent scientists, scholars and students.
Nazir Ahmad Wani was awarded Ashok Chakra.
He said, “New power projects in region will provide employment to youth”.
My visit in 2015 led to a positive focus on India.
He described the Prime Minister’s Award as a step towards motivating civil servants, and congratulated the awardees.
The modification is made to address the need for stringent measures required to deter the rising trend of child sex abuse in the country.
3. Overall, what do you think about the Government’s moves to tackle black money?
Once again, Excellency, a very warm welcome to India.
These opportunities range from building millions of houses to setting up hundreds of smart cities; modernization of railway networks and stations to setting up of high speed rail corridors; generation of renewable energy to construction of transmission and distribution networks.
The global community must be more vigilant than ever before and counter the forces of darkness with the radiant light of human values.
The objective of signing MoU between Department of Heavy Industries and Fraunhofer is to provide platform to various public sector undertakings and capital goods sector units to have easy access to capabilities and expertise of Fraunhofer for identifying and plugging technology gaps in line with 12th Five Year Plan.
The proposed Act of repeal is necessary in view of setting up of the National Commission for Backward Classes by insertion of Article 338B of the Constitution.
An Expert Committee was constituted in February 1993 which submitted its report on 10.03.1993 specifying the criteria for identification of socially advanced persons among OBCs i.e. the Creamy Layer.
BRICS PARTNERSHIP FOR GLOBAL ECONOMIC RECOVERY, REFORM OF FINANCIAL AND ECONOMIC GLOBAL GOVERNANCE INSTITUTIONS, AND THE FOURTH INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION
Just think of the relief and happiness of the little children who had been crying due to the smoke!
The recent commissioning of Bishwanath-Chariyali-Agra transmission line has also brought 500 MegaWatt additional capacity to the region.
It demonstrates your determination to shed the legacy of violence and pursue the path of economic progress.
This has also forced the economists of the country to think differently.
The Shipping Corporation of India had been making losses continuously for several years and had a loss of Rs. 275 crores in 2013-14.
Whether Junagadh, Hyderabad, Travancore, or for that matter the princely states of Rajasthan, if we are able to see a United India now, it was entirely on account of the sagacity & strategic wisdom of Sardar Patel.
This is yet another giant step in Afghanistan’s march to progress.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for raising a total of Rs. 31,300 crore in the financial year 2016-17 and to service the principal and interest against the Extra Budgetary Resources (EBR) of Rs. 16,300 crore by Government of India to augment infrastructure spending.
Even today, knowledge is the best guiding light.
TCIL is a leading ISO – 9001: 2008 and ISO 14001:2004 certified, Schedule-A, Mini Ratna Category-l, 100% owned Govt. of India Undertaking.
The world duly took notice of India’s efforts in the areas of Solar Energy & Climate Change.
He has emphasized the virtue of patience.
Kendriya Vidyalaya at AFS Kanpur is functioning since August 1985 from a temporary barrack-type accommodation which does not fully meet the requirements of a school as per laid down specifications.
He said Start-up innovators are often driven by a sense of compassion for others.
Thank you very much!
Textile Conclave – Exploring growth potential of Textile for Building New India
That is the reason that UK is among India’s major trading partners.
We have all heard of how Arjun focussed his attention on the eye of the bird.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and Financial Services Commission (FSC), Gibraltar for mutual co-operation and technical assistance.
Together, we will prevail to make a just, equitable and prosperous nation.
Meaning, “In sandy soil, when deep you delve, you reach the springs below; The more you learn, the freer streams of wisdom flow.”
While approving the implementation of the 7th CPC recommendations on 29th June, 2016, the Cabinet had approved the changed method of pension revision recommended by the 7th CPC for pre-2016 pensioners, comprising of two alternative formulations, subject to the feasibility of the first formulation which was to be examined by the Committee.
NEC can now also perform the tasks undertaken by the various Zonal Councils to discuss such inter-State issues as drug trafficking, smuggling of arms and ammunition, boundary disputes etc.
When the money is spent in the proper way then the roads are being laid up to villages, when the money is properly utilized then an opportunity for doing something for the oppressed, exploited and excluded people of the country is created.
Or will you look at the number of people that were encouraged by you to lead honest lives by paying taxes?
We have all read about the inventor of the electric bulb, Thomas Alva Edison.
He invited India to cooperate with Malta on advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Block-chain and financial technologies.
Our societies share a sense of warmth that permeates our contacts with Central Asia, including the Kyrgyz Republic.
India is glad to be a member of the SCO and looks forward to fruitful outcomes particularly in the field of economic cooperation through SCO.
6. Advanced IT tools will be used for close and effective monitoring.
Partners in Prosperity through Increased Trade and Economic Cooperation; Partners in India’s Modernisation
The Prime Minister said that the women who were being honoured today have shattered many myths, and have shown how a positive change has begun in rural India.
The task of fitting hearing aids to 600 hearing impaired DIVYANG people in just eight hours was completed successfully.
He said that when it comes to the country’s security, and the requirements of the Armed Forces, the Union Government keeps only the interest of the nation in mind.
It was presented to him by the Prime Minister of the Mongolian People’s Republic, as a unique bibliographic rarity.
He added that a copy of this book was given by him to the former US President, Barack Obama.
Today, we live in an inter-connected world.
Brothers and sisters, we used to invoke the people of the society and marked the names of various people to promote the “cleanliness drive”.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Bodh Gaya tomorrow.
The Prime Minister released a commemorative postage stamp on Deekshabhoomi of Dr. Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar.
And what better way to do it than the Global Housing Challenge.
It also seeks to align other policies for medical devices and equipment with public health goals.
India needs better ports and more ports, he added.
This has provided 800 million health screening check-ups, and free referral treatment to 20 million children, in the last four years.
There are opportunities for us.
Workshop on Export Credit (14 October 2016, Goa) 71.
I invite you to share your experiences on “Hashtag Yoga Fights Diabetes”.
‘IMPRINT India’ is a Pan-IIT and IISc joint initiative to develop a roadmap for research to solve major engineering and technology challenges in ten technology domains relevant to India.
The Prime Minister appreciated the work being done by Maharashtra Chief Minister Shri Devendra Fadnavis, in areas such as speeding up infrastructure development, and the “Jal Sanchay” (water storage) facilities in rural areas.
Some people are getting instant benefits from this campaign.
As part of the Nationally Determined Contributions, India is committed to reducing thirty-three to thirty-five percent of emission intensity of its GDP during 2005 to 2030.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today announced a relief package of over Rs. 2000 crore for relief, rehabilitation, reconstruction and flood mitigation measures in the flood-affected North-Eastern states.
The honest taxpayer of India has a major role in the progress of the nation, he said, adding that it is due to them that so many people are fed, and the lives of the poor are transformed.
We will do everything possible for the development of AP:
This Amendment will create a balance between the Union and States.
It provides a framework and enabling environment to understand each other’s strengths, market, technologies, policies, etc.
Together, we can once again make India a land of wisdom and knowledge.
Thousands of years of history of India shows that we have never desired any one’s territory.
The Prime Minister said that the task of constructing toilets was undertaken in mission mode.
The two Prime Ministers also welcomed new joint research and innovation programmes on Childhood and Maternal Health and Nutrition, Mental Health and Substance Abuse, Urbanization and Heritage, Sustainable Water Resources for Food, Energy and Ecosystem Services, Atmospheric Pollution and Human Health in an Indian Megacity, Aquaculture, and the joint UK-India observational campaign on the South Asian Monsoon.
He said that these villages have been freed from seven problems through Jan Bhagidaari.
At a massive public meeting in Kareng Chapori, on the northern bank of the Brahmaputra,the Prime Minister also flagged off the first passenger train passing through the bridge.
ASEAN leaders are also deeply honoured to be invited as chief guests at tomorrow’s 69th Republic Day Parade.
India is already a substantial economic partner of Tanzania.
Assigning expert level of both countries to continue explore ways in enhancing strategic technical cooperation on maritime security including in creating better and expanded maritime awareness.
Ms. Rakiya Edderham noted the significant progress in bilateral cooperation in past years, particularly in the areas of legal assistance, cyber security and space.
The MoU will help to establish inter-institutional coopera¬tion and relations between the two Parties in order to promote cooperation in the field of ICT.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri M Venkaiah Naidu on being elected the 13th Vice President of India.
You will see this and this has begun.
This measure will save public funds, which are currently being used for loss making BSCL, and can be used for other developmental work.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
What is a republic and what is a parliamentary system- are nothing new to India.
• to the improvement of all sectors and
President Putin presented to the Prime Minister a page from the diary of Mahatma Gandhi.
This is my third interaction with the Korean business leaders in the span of just 12 months.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the policy guidelines to allow financially sound State Government entities to borrow directly from bilateral ODA (Official development Assistance) partners for implementation of vital infrastructure projects.
This is not an impossible mission.
He added that these need to be made more technology-driven.
You heard the speech of Venkaiah Ji like super fast express.
The year would be marked by cultural and student exchanges, which would give an opportunity to the people of these two states to understand and come closer to each other.
Your voice of support for India’s permanent membership of the Security Council will give the United Nations the global character and balance that mirrors our age.
Excellency, Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam,
Japanese investments extend to both green-field and brown-field projects; manufacturing and services; infrastructure and insurance; and e-commerce and equity.
The Prime Minister has asked for an urgent assessment of the damage caused, due to the earthquake.
His highness crown prince of Abu Dhabhi visited India in 2016.
He said that in the last four years, more than 1400 archaic laws have been repealed.
The benefits accrued under one employer become difficult to account for under another employer.
His tremendous experience and wisdom has benefitted the nation greatly.
He reiterated the Union Government’s commitment to provide universal coverage of seven key schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts, by August 15th, 2018.
It was analyzed by every segment of society.
Our strategic partnerships in Europe have deepened.
We remain committed to work with ASEAN to enhance practical cooperation and collaboration in our shared maritime domain.
He groomed several Karyakartas, who went on to give their lives to the nation.
Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster conveyed the greetings of President Donald Trump to Prime Minister.
And later, their remains were brought to present day Punjab, and were secretly cremated.
He also founded the Phoenix and Tolstoy Farms, from where the demand for peace and justice echoed to the whole world.
I want to salute them.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the derailment of the Utkal Express in Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh.
Survey is conducted in 6 places in the state for laying of new rail line of which survey in 3 places are completed.
In fact sometimes these animals are put on the same pedestal as Gods and Goddesses.
(xi) Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided
We can do a lot together to nurture and train this human capital which can serve the whole world.
Now they shall be empowered with smartphones and digital devices to provide financial services.
But naturally they too had to face difficulties due to this decision.
Uganda is an example of Africa on the move.
Some of the important decisions of the Cabinet are mentioned below:
He said that focus is on understanding the needs of the nation, and making the lives of the people simpler.
We will enlarge our forest cover to absorb at least 2.5 billion tonnes worth of carbon dioxide.
The Directive Principles of State Policy in the Indian Constitution are inspired by the Irish Constitution.
In recent years, the relationship of the two countries has been marked by close contacts at the highest political level including cooperation in the field of Health and medicine.
Raising the issue of black money at the world stage
Various institutional mechanisms have also been put in place over time to strengthen bi-lateral cooperation on wide ranging multi-sectoral issues between the two countries.
Excellencies, we would also be happy to offer over 100 training slots in renewable energy in our institutions.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the introduction of National Institutes of Food Technology, Entrepreneurship and Management Bill, 2019.
These schemes include:
Under the theme of “Living Bridge”, I will also have the opportunity to meet people from various walks of life who have enriched the multi-faceted India-UK relationship.
Being a forest area with no ground the public addressing was fixed some three kilometres away in a school ground.
People who visit Mahudi, members of Jain community visit Mahudi in large numbers, people who have visited Mahudi, they would be aware about the teachings of Buddhi Sagar Ji Maharaj.
On the occasion of Eid-ul-Fitr, my heartiest greetings to one and all.
We are partners in your concerns over the loss of lives of security forces and innocent people due to the extremist violence in Rakhine State.
He said the Union Government wants more and more people, and especially the youth, to learn about his vision and ideas.
“Greetings to scientists and science lovers on National Science Day.
I think it was a great initiative by you.”
He said a vibrant democracy requires Jan Bhaagidaari – the participation of the people.
After the Convention, participants will visit Prayagraj for Kumbh Mela on 24th January.
“Greetings and best wishes toCentral Industrial Security Forceon their Raising Day.
India’s energy deficit, which stood at over 4 per cent in 2014, has shrunk to less than 1 per cent in 2018.
It has been pointed out to the Department during its interactions with various stakeholders that investors in the AIFs would prefer that the portfolio of AIFs is adequately diversified to manage the investment risks appropriately and if the entire pool of funds of the AIF is invested in Start-ups, it poses unacceptable risks to the investors of such AIFs.
We must maximise the use of local material with scientific improvements; and, and make buildings more energy efficient.
At BJ Medical College ground, PM will launch various projects related to health and railways.
She had a prolific career in films made in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi, English and Malayalam.
This is the age of inter-dependence;
With the new lowered elevation level (EL) of 341 metre, the Mandal dam will now have storage of 190 MCM.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has approved closure of Kota Unit of Instrumentation Ltd. and transfer of Palakkad Unit of Instrumentation Ltd. to Government of Kerala.
I read a post written on MyGov by Komal Thakkar ji, where she has referred to starting on-line courses for Sanskrit.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for entering into Headquarters (Host country) Agreement between India and the International Solar Alliance (ISA) and authorizing the Ministry of External Affairs for signing the Headquarter Agreement.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the protocol amending the Agreement between India and Kuwait for the avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
These projects pertain to various sectors of Health, Sanitation, Smart City, Connectivity, Power, Housing and others.
India fully supports the accession of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the World Trade Organization and the ongoing consensus building efforts among WTO members to reactivate the accession process, consistent with the objective of making the Organization universal and inclusive.
It means, ‘Even if a single dry tree in the forest catches fire, the entire forest is engulfed in the fire.
(2). Spectrum trading will not alter the original validity period of spectrum assignment as applicable to the traded block of spectrum.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the terror attack in London.
How apt is the cartoon in today’s context!
They also appreciated the long-standing relations and continuing interactions between their nuclear regulatory authorities – India’s Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) and France’s Autorité de sûretéNucléaire (ASN) – which have facilitated sharing of valuable experiences, best practices and developments related to nuclear safety and regulatory issues.
Rabindra Nath Tagore wrote: A village is just like a women and her image.
Seven women Ministers will visit the country’s borders to tie rakhis on soldiers.
Implementation strategy
Noting that former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji took a ride on the Delhi Metro in December 2002, Shri Narendra Modi said that since then, the metro network in the National Capital Region has expanded considerably.
We cannot make these into government rules but we can certainly create that kind of an atmosphere.
The product output from the refinery will conform to the advanced BS-VI emission norms.
Under the facility, RBI offers swaps of varying sizes to each SAARC Member countries (Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka) depending on their two months import requirement and not exceeding US$ 2 billion in total, in USD, Euro or INR.
I am confident that now this thing will become a mantra in the house that all of us members of the parliament will have the grace of God (Hari).
There are some very interesting figures on credit ratings.
Haryana is a relatively small state but it has contributed in so many areas, he said.
71 countries, including India, participated therein.
And yet this quiet revolution has hardly been noticed.
Sardar Patel, a true son of the soil will adorn our skies too.
When weapons have been seized in such huge numbers, so many foreign terrorists have infiltrated to spread death and destruction, the world will never accept the false propaganda of Pakistan, even if it speaks a hundred thousand lies.
The Prime Minister said that all villages of the country are now electrified, and under Saubhagya Yojana, 4 crore houses are now being provided with electricity connections.
The Prime Minister said, “Today, when we observe 100 years of the horrific Jallianwala Bagh massacre, India pays tributes to all those martyred on that fateful day.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of their mission.
India also performed very well in the Para Asian Games too.
Yoga is a guarantee of wellness and fitness both.
The Prime Minister said that for the people who are getting e-rickshaws today, it is not just a simple change from pedal rickshaw to e-rickshaw, but an entire transformative process.
He said that one lakh companies who have been found to be in violation of laws, have been removed from the Registrar of Companies.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
Sometimes certain items, especially the perishable ones that were supposed to reach their destination in time, were delayed because of the time taken for processing; and it resulted in losses at both ends.
Prize winning Physics can both save electricity bills and the planet.
It was obvious that reforms were needed.
Our Neo-middle class is rising and so are their dreams.
Both are mutually complementary.
22. Good governance is about speed and simplification of processes.
Taking this into account, the Policy allows use of surplus food grains for production of ethanol for blending with petrol with the approval of National Biofuel Coordination Committee.
He added that Shirdi is always considered as an epitome of public service.
Such was his soldier discipline.
Note: The estimated IES is in respect of existing project only.
Remembering SardarVallabhbhai Patel, Prime Minister said that the efforts of Sardar Patel towards cooperative sector should never be forgotten.
Instead a reduction in the food subsidy bill of the Gol is anticipated.
Many of you may not be aware, but I too, have been a follower of your efforts on education.
It is necessary to get ourselves tested on time to save precious lives.
It will also carry forward the momentum generated by the first ever visit of President of India to Israel last year.
6. In the current global environment, our two countries face several economic challenges which directly affect trade and commerce.
Make in India Week shall be a flagship event to provide greater momentum to the Make in India initiative, and to showcase to the world the achievements of the nation in the manufacturing sector.
Rather, a mark of deep respect for the dignity and integrity of honest labour.
This Agreement shall enter into force after the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled by both the countries.
Under this scheme, one person each from 6 crore households is being made digitally literate.
My greetings to everyone celebrating these auspicious festivals!
Various new features have been incorporated in the new series of circulation coins to make it more easy for the visually impaired to use them.
India has also undertaken many projects for your well-being, together with Sri Lankan Government, particularly in education, health and community development sectors.
India has become the fastest growing major economy in the world.
The stories that you’ve sent across in the context of cleanliness, myriad examples of common folk… you never know where a tiny brand ambassador of cleanliness comes into being in various homes; someone who reprimands elders at home; or even admonishingly orders the Prime Minister through a phone call!
I am delighted to undertake my first visit there as Prime Minister on 11-12 February.
Dr. Michelle Bachelet, as the incoming Chair, explained the mandate of the Partnership and sought ideas from the Prime Minister on how to take forward the challenge of women empowerment, children and young people.
“Congratulations to Shri Trivendra Singh Rawat & the entire team sworn in today.
We are steadily working towards a less cash economy and have launched a Unified Payment Interface App called BHIM.
MoU for Implementation Arrangement on Cost Sharing, Schedules and Safeguard Issues for Construction of Mechi Bridge under ADB’s SASEC Road Connectivity Programme (Tranche 2), Funded by GoI
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people across the country, celebrating various festivals on the advent of New Year.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its ex-post facto approval to the signing of Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC) between India and the Kanagawa Prefectural Government of Japan in the field of Healthcare and Wellness.
Together, we can also create new values for our friends in Africa.
He encouraged Governors to lead by example on the cause of Swachhata, or cleanliness.
We will strive to make this Science City a truly attractive, world-class place for young students and science teachers from all over the country and the world to come and be inspired by the exhibits.
In India, the present is changing rapidly.
Built at a cost of Rs.30000 crore, the Delhi-Meerut RRTS system is the first of such transport system in India, PM said.
Our saints kept the importance of karma (action) in human life, human character, at highest of all.
He spoke of India’s pursuit of excellence in areas such as engineering, infrastructure and skill development.
We should define a target date before 2030 to reduce the high costs of transferring remittances.
Emphasizing the strength of ties between the two countries, he recalled King Salman mentioning that he was taught by an Indian teacher.
People who are living in rented house have also got increased rebate in Income Tax over House Rent.
Keeping in mind the importance of innovation, in the future of economy and business, the Government of India has launched the Start-up India initiative.
Hope that rapid progress can be achieved.
Under JICA technical cooperation, a team of safety experts from Japan had visited Indian Railways to investigate the status of rail welding execution and safety management.
Our scientists are harnessing the power of Space to improve the quality of life of our people.
The Prime Minister said that he has himself reviewed progress of projects worth over 12 lakh crore rupees, under the PRAGATI initiative.
The GST Council Secretariat shall be manned by officers taken on deputation from both the Central and State Governments.
He will address the gathering.
He later addressed a large gathering at the function to dedicate Kochi Metro to the nation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the National Mineral Exploration Policy (NMEP).
You need to be well rested, get a good night’s sleep, you need to be on a full stomach, you should definitely not be hungry and the most important thing is to stay calm.
He said that with the collective willpower of the people, even the impossible can be accomplished.
Illustrious sons of Mother India, such as BirsaMunda have come into being in each & every part of the country.
You can even listen to it in your mother tongue.
STRENGTHENING MULTILATERALISM, REFORMING GLOBAL GOVERNANCE AND ADDRESSING COMMON CHALLENGES 11.
(iv)The Capital at charge of the Railways estimated at Rs.2.27 lakh crore on which annual dividend is paid by the Railways will be wiped off.
The Government has been emphasizing the importance of developing Inland Water Transport Sector for the national economy.
Even the appointment of the arbitrator has to be decided by the Court within a period of 60 days.
o We have moved nineteen places on the Logistics Performance Index of 2016 of World Bank;
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone for two key development projects – AIIMS, Guwahati and IARI, Gogamukh.
And, you would have also seen that we have brought the process to a successful conclusion with a contract that will provide a boost to defence manufacturing in India.
We thoroughly understand the challenges that you have been facing.
We would be prepared to extend this assistance to our Pacific Island partners.
The two parties now desiring to strengthen and further develop the established relationship have signed a Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Tourism, Government of the Republic of India and the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
I am happy to share that the total amount received by States from the Centre during 2015-16 is 21 per cent higher than the amount received in 2014-15.
A high fiscal deficit, a high current account deficit, a large number of stalled infrastructure projects and persistent inflation were among them.
We have decided to go for renewable energy in a big way – 175 GW.
I thank Speaker Paul Ryan for inviting me to speak to Congressmen and Senators.
He attended the 350th birth anniversary celebrations of Guru Gobind Singh in Patna on January 5, 2017 and released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
During the 13th Summit, the signing ceremony of exchange of notes regarding the following projects including the Mumbai-Ahmedabad High Speed Railway Project (II) took place:
Especially my young friends, when we hear about such feats, we derive inspiration to touch heights despite obstacles.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for promulgation of:
They emphasised the importance of a stable and inclusive democracy in the Maldives including an independent judiciary.
Financially stressed DISCOMs are not able to supply adequate power at affordable rates, which hampers quality of life and overall economic growth and development.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that he is coming to Dadra and Nagar Haveli for the first time as Prime Minister, but he has been here many times in the past.
However, let me tell you that the Government is fully committed to reverse this trend, capable and we are ready to take decisions.
Stricter provisions are being proposed in respect of offences like juvenile driving, drunken driving, driving without licence, dangerous driving, over-speeding, overloading etc.
· BRICS Business Council Energy Forum – 24 July (Johannesburg)
We cannot allow this fight against black money and corruption to stop or slow down.
This is what Mahatma Gandhi stood for.
It is my particular pleasure to welcome Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the honourable Ministers from Malaysia and Mauritius to the event.
Brothers and sisters, More capital investment is required for this kind of developmental work that is taking place across the country.
The poor are the greatest beneficiaries of the reduction in corruption.
Tomorrow the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre For Socio-Economic Transformation (DAICSET) will be launched.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Gujarat on September 30, 2018.
I am delighted that we are meeting again as Heads of Government after ten years.
He has also sought feedback from the people on how to make the implementation stronger.
Our bilateral agreement for cooperation on blue economy is a huge step forward in our relationship and in promoting sustainable ocean economy in the region.
Foreign tourist arrivals in India went up from around 70 lakh in 2013 to about 1 crore in 2017.
It’s a different experience when one is oriented toward the cause of the society and social work.
We are empowering them with skills and education.
Recent governance initiatives such as Gram Swaraj Abhiyan, and Ayushman Bharat, also came up for discussion.
It offers a new holistic approach to medical care, that integrates day to day treatment with research and innovation in a green environment, closely linked to nature.
The Forum of Regulators was constituted by the Ministry of Power vide notification dated 16th February, 2005 under provisions of section 166(2) of the Electricity Act, 2003 with the primary objective of harmonization of regulations in the power sector framed by the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC), State Electricity Regulatory Commissions (SERCs) and Joint Electricity Regulatory Commissions (JERCs).
“We pay homage to Shastri Ji on his Punya Tithi.
They also reiterated the importance of, and the need for complete compliance with international law, notably the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea 1982 (UNCLOS), including the implementation of international legal obligations in good faith, the maintenance of freedom of navigation and over-flight in the South China Sea, full respect for diplomatic and legal processes, peaceful settlement of disputes without resorting to the threat or use of force, and in accordance with international law.
The menace of terrorism in our region is a concrete manifestation of this destructive emotion.
Tales of valour of the heroes of our freedom struggle emanating from every nook & corner of these museums inspire us to delve deeper into our history.
My experience of “Mann Ki Baat” made me realize that the thinking of our ancestors was very powerful and had great authenticity in them as I have myself experienced them.
Over coming decades, we want to frame a relationship that transforms the landscape of our economic engagement.
Meeting of BRICS Network University International Governing Board (IGB) (27 September 2016, Mumbai) 45.
The panelists of Pravasi Bharatiya Panel on “Role of Indian Diaspora in Capacity Building for Affordable Solar Power” called on Prime Minister today.
This will be the first visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Rwanda and the first visit by our Prime Minister to Uganda in over 20 years.
The pace, scale and scope of present-day economic change make it that more challenging.
They will inaugurate the Centre of Excellence for Date Palms at Kukama, Bhuj District, through a video link.
We should feel India’s diversity, touch it, feel its fragrance.
Outer space is also emerging as a major area of security concern.
A group of about 40 enthusiasts with experience in mountaineering, who are embarking on an expedition to raise awareness on cleaning the River Ganga, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
The policy aims to
Let us ensure that the nation’s wealth benefits the poor
He said 2022, the seventy-fifth anniversary of independence, can become an inspiration for working towards achieving the India of the dreams of our freedom fighters.
we are committed to facilitating the flow of people and ideas between our geographies.
PM will dedicate to nation various hospitals built in Ahmedabad region.
Route Dispersal Guidelines v. 5/20 Requirement for International Operations vi.
Every section of the society including celebrities joined in to ignite a process of transformation in a new modern language of change that the present generation understands and follows.
They are moving ahead shoulder to shoulder and are bringing glory to the nation with their commendable achievements.
This will include a modern and sophisticated laboratory with capacity to determine quality and status of heavy metals in grain and straw.
If the foundation and structure are weak any investment in nice fittings or attractive floor tiles or beautiful curtains is unlikely to last long.
The MoU would lead to set up a Joint Working Group, drawing members from Department of Space/ Indian Space Research Organisation (DOS/ISRO), and the Bangladesh Telecom Regulatory Commission (BTRC), which will further work out the plan of action including the time-frame and the means of implementing this MoU.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ‘in-principle’ approval for setting up a Major port at Enayam near Colachel in Tamil Nadu.
This will help us deliver quality education to every student across India.
He recalled the services of former Parliamentary Affairs Minister, late Ananth Kumar for his contribution to the Lok Sabha.
Six, our partnership will address the challenges of climate change.
He asserted that initiatives like Make in India, Digital India and Start up India have become global magnets for investment.
Several other beneficiaries also shared their experiences.
BHIM Aadhaar App for digital transaction has come as a surprise to the world.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
We have to walk together towards the path of development.
By doubling the LPG production with the help of the recent expansion, Kochi Refinery is making a great contribution towards Ujjwala.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana.
The 30 th of January is the death anniversary of our revered Bapu, who showed us a new path.
My colleagues in government,
The Summit provided opportunities for meeting with global industry leaders, networking of international entrepreneurs, innovators, investors.
I would also visit some places of worship that have civilizational linkages with India.
My dear citizens
The IPPB shall pay incentive/commission to the last mile agents ( Postal Staff and Gramin Dak Sewaks) directly in their accounts for providing IPPB services so as to motivate them to promote IPP8 digital services to the customers.
The Chief Minister also spoke about the State’s programme to construct anicuts, and the State Government’s afforestation efforts.
The British tree treacherously arrested him when he was asleep, in a covert manner.
Our country should be safe, our citizens should feel safe and our forces should be equipped with modern defence equipment and our soldiers should get One Rank One Pension post retirement.
I have special attachment with Udupi.
Collaboration may occur through several means, including joint research projects, joint R&D, joint workshops, Research and Technology exchange including exchange of domain experts.
The Committee also credited Prime Minister for his contribution towards regional and global peace through a proactive foreign policy with countries around the world under the ‘Modi Doctrine’ and the ‘Act East Policy.’
Assuring that there would not be any hassles with the enrollment process, Modi told the gathering that only a form needs to be filled with Aadhar number and bank details.
Your Excellencies
Now there is no one to protect them.
It will provide convenient mode of transport for people in Ghaziabad and New Delhi and will ease the traffic congestion.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the consumer urging him to embrace digital transactions on World Consumer Rights Day.
In the total project cost, Government of India’s (Gol) share will be Rs. 713 crore and Government of Tamilnadu’s (GoTN) share will be Rs. 916 crore.
Post placement support would be given directly to the beneficiaries through Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT).
In an endeavor to realize the dream of Digital India, several Common Service Centres are being managed by young girls and boys in more than 3 lakhs villages today.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of modernization and expansion works for the Bhilai Steel Plant.
We also discussed the situation in West Asia and wider region.
Once, in Mann Ki Baat, I had mentioned about a retired teacher from Maharashtra Shriman Chandrakant Kulkarni who donated 51 post – dated cheques of Rs. 5,000/- each for the cleanliness drive out of his total monthly pension of Rs. 16,000/-.
I have heard about many such people including Pune based sculptor Shri Abhijit Dhondphale, Kolhapur institutions Nisarg-Mitra and Vigyan Prabodhini, Nisarg Katta in Vidarbh, Gyan Prabodhini of Pune, and Girgaoncha Raja of Mumbai.
Today, Excellency Lee and I undertook a detailed review of the shape and substance of our strategic partnership.
It possesses all modern amenities and is considered to be one of the most modern suburbs of Delhi in the National Capital Region (NCR).
In this context, he mentioned the NDRF, the boatmen, the local population, and the sanitation workers as well.
The project shall encompass the following work:
One of our major concerns is equity.
Not just against forces of terrorism, but also against those who support, shelter, train and finance them.
The establishment of New Development Bank and the Contingency Reserve Arrangement are indeed signature achievements.
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
We hope that the New Development Bank will start its operations quickly.
He added that while the previous Government tried to hoodwink OROP with a grant of Rs.500 Crore, we have allotted Rs.35000 Crore.
On the 21st of this month, our Country received very sad news.
He laid stress on people’s participation in governance, and empowerment of the common man.
In my earlier role as the Chief Minister of Gujarat, I was happy to welcome prominent participants from South Africa.
The Museum has been set up at the Alfred High School, which was an important part of the formative years of Mahatma Gandhi.
The MoU shall be implemented by establishing a Working Group on IT&E composed of representatives of the two Parties.
Portugal has one of the highest rates of business creation in Europe and has emerged as one of the most vibrant European eco-systems for entrepreneurship.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved establishment of two new All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) at Madurai, Tamil Nadu at a cost of Rs 1,264 crore and Bibinagar, Telangana at a cost of Rs 1,028 crore.
In the early days of this programme, sceptics felt that these accounts would have no balances.
We have also done well in the field of wildlife conservation.
Where the journey to progress is powered by one and all, instead of a select few.
With the same spirit, I had started a similar movement by name of VANCHE GUJARAT when I was Chief Minister of the State.
This is a platform through which you can sell products to the government.
We trade more with the U.S. than with any other nation.
Both leaders agreed that India-Russia cooperation plays an important role in the global multilateral order.
It will provide much needed momentum to increased bilateral business and investment linkages.
Initially, shocked to see the condition of children begging around or doing some menial jobs that this group of youngsters got dedicatedly, selflessly involved into this creative mission.
The main areas of this Memorandum of Understanding to promote ad facilitate mutual cooperation are as under:
Just a month ago, on the 30th of December, I had gone to Andaman & Nicobar islands.
She has won a medal in Serbia too.
• None of the 99 names of Allah stand for violence: PM Modi
Many volunteer organizations are engaged in this kind of work.
In pursuance of these MoUs, UPSC had conducted attachments and training programmes for the officers of RCSC, Bhutan.
He said there is immense potential for tourism in Varanasi, and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
15. Our uniformed forces have achieved the pinnacle of sacrifice in fighting left-wing extremism, terrorism, infiltration and elements disturbing peace.
The Prime Minister felicitated select beneficiaries of Sukanya Samriddhi Yojana, and handed over LPG connections to select Ujjwala beneficiaries.
It not only takes a tragic toll of lives, it also extracts a huge economic cost and threatens our way of life.
This implies that over 90 percent of our Small scale industries will be benefitted.
He will also distribute laptops, certificates and cheques etc. to beneficiaries under various schemes.
He mentioned that this is a new feature of IAS training begun with the 2013 batch, and it ensures that IAS officers have a stint at the Centre right at the beginning of their career – an opportunity that their seniors may not have had.
Climate change, global warming is being discussed at every nook and corner and now it has become an accepted standard for embarking on any new task.
The two sides will continue to make efforts with regard to cooperation on US-2 amphibian aircraft.
I will particularly remember his sharp intellect and outstanding wit.
Over the last twenty years, more than eight hundred and fifty thousand people died from disasters in the Asia-Pacific.
75. We underscore the role that Multilateral Development Banks (MDBs), in particular, the New Development Bank (NDB), are playing in catalysing private sector financing for public infrastructure and investment.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
By the end of next year, we would have added another 12 GW.
51. The two sides took note of the High Level Dialogue on Migration and Mobility held in Brussels on 04 April 2017.
My fellow Indians spoke in one voice to entrust my government with a mandate for change.
No amendment in these enactments would be required.
In an effort to further broaden and deepen the relationship between the two countries, both leaders agreed to proceed with efforts to develop the Strategic Partnership between the two countries as follows:
For, in that lies not just the success of our two nations, but also the promise of the world that we desire.
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
In last seven decades, our friendship has consistently seen an upward trajectory.
The speed of the train decreases while changing the track.
Hon. Vincent MUNYESHYAKA Minister of Trade and Industry
(i) The revised scale of pension has taken effect from 15.O8.2016.
India stands shoulder to shoulder with you for a dedicated seat for SIDS in an expanded and reformed United Nations Security Council in both categories.
22. Expressed strong condemnation for terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, and called upon all States to reject terrorism and bring perpetrators of terrorism to justice.
“On Kutchi New Year, the auspicious occasion of Ashadhi Bij, greetings to those celebrating.
• For LWE states, 75% of the vacancies of constables will be filled up from 27 core districts under Security Related Expenditure (SRE) Scheme.
You too keep a POS machine for transactions in Credit Cards.
That is how we have jumped up by 12 ranks in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Report of 2016.
g) Foster bilateral cooperation through film tourism for promoting the two countries as attractive tourism destinations and
The MoU would lead to:-
He is in constant touch with authorities from the Central and UP Governments.
Our farmer brothers and sisters have toiled hard to fill our granaries.
Before the advent of Chatth, people come together to clean up their homes, and along with that cleansing of rivers, lakes, pond banks and pooja locations, that is ghats, with utmost enthusiasm & fervour.
Those receiving Rs. 3000 so far, would now receive Rs. 4500.
At the Bosch Vocational Centre, the two leaders were briefed on skill development programmes being run for school drop-outs.
The Prime Minister said that in the era of globalisation, we need to understand the changing trends across the world and the increased spirit of competitiveness.
Reiterating his endeavour to bring basic amenities to the villages from clean cooking fuel to electricity and healthcare to financial services, PM said it is in line with our mission and the idea of ‘Gramuday to Bharatuday’.
They have provided this kind of good environment to more than 30 lakh Indians as if it is their second home outside India.
Dr. Radhakrishnan ji showed this by living as a teacher and by keeping alive the student within him despite holding the highest office of the President.
India stands committed in its fight against corruption.
The presentation on “Science and Technology,” focused on areas such as improved opportunity and access for learning; jobs and start-ups; and “ease of doing science.”
The marker sits on the site of the original memorial.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the Bogibeel bridge in Assam, to the nation.
Mr. Kim congratulated the Prime Minister for India’s historic rise in the Ease of Doing Business rankings.
He described the submarine as an excellent illustration of the fast growing strategic partnership between India and France.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
The Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Antonio Guterres, will also be present on the occasion.
We have more trade agreements in this part of the world than in any other.
Prime Minister appreciated the proactive role being played by the Indian diaspora in Suriname not only in the development of that country but also in strengthening historical ties between the two countries.
The Prime Minister described the Indian community all over the world, as ambassadors of India, whose hard work and discipline has raised India’s stature worldwide.
During this survey, the matters to be surveyed include freedom from defecation in the open in cities, collection of garbage, transport facilities to lift garbage, processing of garbage using scientific methods, efforts to usher in behavioural changes, innovative steps taken for capacity building to maintain cleanliness and public participation in this campaign.
We also opened up our national carrier, Air India, to foreign investors.
Our military leaders,
• India’s highest ever urea fertiliser production was achieved in 2015.
Religious activities will be organised throughout the country.
27. Recognizing that skill development is a key priority for the two countries, both leaders welcomed the important role played by French companies in India in training and skilling of the Indian workforce and encouraged them to engage even more actively in the sector.
While trade and economy have been the foundation of our cooperation, our endeavours today touch diverse areas of technology, tradition, culture, agriculture, environment, energy, sports, and ICT.
Shiv and Parvati… this is by itself a message of oneness.
During this Ramzan the villagers decided to get together and construct toilets.
The museum has 4 historical exhibitions which display more than 450 paintings and artworks which are of three centuries vintage.
I am sure, this recognition will be a motivating factor for those who have taken to writing as a noble profession.
Promoting cooperation in capacity building for maritime safety, including search and rescue and pollution control, through technical cooperation including the exchange of experts, provision of equipment and financial assistance.
Addressing the Nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the occasion of India’s 69th Independence Day, the Prime Minister gave a broad overview of the achievements of Team India, over the last 15 months.
Brothers and sisters, who will not be happy today after having seen the water in Aji Dam?
Rajasthan, desert area, has celebrated Van Mahotsav in a very big way and pledged to plant 25 lakhs trees.
The Prime Minister saluted Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar for his contribution to Indian Constitution.
Later, it will trade equity instruments of Indian and foreign companies.
Further, DISCOM Bonds worth Rs. 11,524 crore were floated.
Two, in the area of global finance, G20 should focus on,
Nation’s economy has seen those quarters when the growth rate slipped down to 0.2 per cent, 1.5 per cent.
It should be our constant endeavor that our women also get equal rights and equal opportunities just like men get so that they can proceed simultaneously on the path of progress.
· From hardware to software;
But some subsidies may be necessary to protect the poor and the needy and give them a fair chance to succeed.
We therefore reaffirm our support for sustainable infrastructure development in Africa, including addressing the infrastructure financing deficit.
The Prime Minister encouraged the Officer Trainees to study and research governance issues in depth, so that they could understand them well.
I had a very satisfying visit to the Philippines a little over two months ago.
The Prime Minister said the projects being launched today would transform the face of Bihar in the days to come.
He said India has become the world’s second largest producer of mobile phones, and Uttar Pradesh is leading this manufacturing revolution.
During the CWG 2010, our players were playing hard to win medals for India.
Cities are the major engines of economic growth, employment opportunities and prosperity.
And that causes damage to the environment as well.
Her Majesty riding an elephant in a procession from Nandesar Palace to Balua Ghat.
The shareholding of HLL in the project would be above 50%.
Every Indian should get good and affordable health services, so Health for All.
They recognised confirmation by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that Iran is complying with its nuclear-related JCPOA commitments.
BIA is likely to increase the comfort level and boost the confidence of investors by assuring a level playing field and non-discrimination in matters related to investments, thus providing conducive investment climate to investors.
The Cabinet has also given ex-post facto approval for an amount of Rs.1474.65 crore, being the amount spent over and above the earlier Cabinet approval of Rs.3000 crore for these Central Universities.
I also appreciate the initiatives of Mr. Dorji, the Chairman of the Global Tiger Forum.
An atmosphere of trust has emerged.
Ten new Groups of Secretaries are being formed, who will submit their reports on various Governance issues, by the end of November.
Deendayal Upadhyaya centenary celebrations.
Organisations like NCC and Scouts are also contributing in this task; they are getting trained too.
It is a matter of great happiness for an Indian Prime Minister to come to Ramallah for his first ever visit.
We are also strengthening our partnership in food security.
Many workers in the organised sector have suffered when changing jobs by being unable to access provident fund and other benefits.
v. To meet the increasing domestic demand of herbal raw-materials and also to promote export.
Establish closer ASEAN-India air links to promote tourism, trade, and enhance greater connectivity between ASEAN and India.
C Corporation will be earning precious foreign exchange for the country and increasing profitability of TCIL which is a Government PSU.
Kyrgyzstan is a part of CIS countries and is bordered by countries like Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan.
Interest received by banks: The interest rate charged on the GML will be decided by banks, with guidance from the RBI.
He said that the cumulative effect of these initiatives will help the housing sector and the home buyers.
Swami ji said “I am proud to belong to a religion which has taught the world both tolerance and universal acceptance.”
The Cabinet also approved introduction of a Bill namely the National Institutes of Technology, Science Education and Research (Amendment) Bill, 2016 for inclusion of the NIT, Andhra Pradesh in its First Schedule.
He suggested that this could be implemented within a definite timeframe.
Most of you wanted this change in India.
He was born into privilege.
He announced the launch of the digital platform – National Agriculture Market – from the 14th of April, 2016, on the birth anniversary of Babasaheb Ambedkar.
It will happen through youngsters like you.
They expressed happiness at the progress of implementation of the Land Boundary Agreement.
I think maybe he is the only Vice President who has been associated with this environment for so many years and knows the nuances of the House.
The Maternity Benefit Program will provide compensation for the wage loss in terms of cash incentives so that the women can take adequate rest before and after delivery and not be deprived of proper nutrition.
He said that by applying what they learn, and through the Start-Up sector, there is a lot that they can do for society.
The Prime Minister emphasized that the Union Government has been paying attention to ensure that there are no middlemen involved in this scheme, and the beneficiaries are chosen through a transparent process.
Centre has started Mudra Scheme so that the youth do not have to face the problem of capital for staring their own enterprise.
We have been working to make the life of the common man of the country easier by following the formula of: Minimum Government – Maximum Governance.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will address at the World Sufi Forum in New Delhi this evening.
He expressed happiness at the large gathering of people both in Khunti and in Dumka, and said this shows how keen the people of Jharkhand are for development.
While expanding the banking services, we are also taking steps to strengthen the Banking system.
Everything is achievable,” the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people across India on the various festivals.
But even then, old habits die hard.
The Prime Minister said it is his privilege to have come to the birthplace of Chandrashekhar Azad.
So we have to develop a habit of cleanliness.
Prime Minister Modi assured President Solih of India’s firm commitment in assisting the Maldives to achieve sustainable social and economic development.
Many congratulations to you.
The 1942 movement prepared the ground work for our independence.
We worked 24 hours non-stop and launched it in 24 days!
Parliament has passed the Real Estate Regulation Act which will go a long way in transforming the real estate market, protecting buyers and promoting honest and healthy practices.
61. Our resolve is to build such an India, free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
He expressed happiness that over65 lakh women from around 75000 locations are participating in the event through video conference.
The honorarium for Anganwadi helpers has also been increased from Rs. 1500 to Rs. 2250.
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
Portuguese passion for football runs deep.
Friends in the last few weeks, an impression was sought to be created that the agriculture sector has been destroyed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort, on the occasion of the 72nd Independence Day.
Earlier, such a benefit was available only to very few industrial employers and had so many restrictions that it was practically ineffective.
The resulting expansion of health care facilities will lead to the creation of a large number of jobs.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
Or, are you reading too many Agatha Christie or Feluda books?
The Prime Minister will dedicate the submarine at the Naval Dockyard, in the presence of the Defence Minister, important dignitaries of the Maharashtra Government, and senior Naval Officers.
They live in a parking shed with their family.
Stringent punishment for unqualified medical practitioners or quacks:
The Prime Minister cautioned against people who only wish to spread a feeling of pessimism.
He said the Gate is not just a sculpture, but a link between two countries, which highlights their cultural ties.
Our government is criticized as well.
This was the first visit by an Indian Prime Minister in 21 years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, arrived in London on November 12th, 2015.
When you planned to come here, I am sure people asked you are you sure, you want to do this?
Yoga has created a world record again this time also.
He was informed that over 15 crore households were covered under Direct Benefit Transfer for LPG in FY16.
He said the youth is India’s source of strength.
This is a “Call to Action” to all of us to seize this opportunity and think big.
In spite of deficient rainfall for the second consecutive year, the work done for the state water grid has resulted in only 568 tankers being required for water distribution in some remote tail areas.
In India too, we have been facing the challenge of poaching and disruption in their ecosystems.
The government’s emphasize is on encouraging Dalit and backward brothers and sisters living in far-flung areas of the country for self-employment.
On 28th February 1928, Sir C.V. Raman had declared his discovery of the “Raman Effect”.
The airport sector may provide an immediate opportunity to attract foreign direct investment (FDI) by adoption of a PPP approach.
Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following proposals:
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
It has now been decided to align FDI policy on these sectors with FDI policy provisions on Other Financial Services.
So while speaking to these daughters, I put forth a different viewpoint before them.
Wembley will be a celebration of one-half-million threads of life that bind us; one and half million people – proud of their heritage in India; proud of their home in Britain.
President Tran Dai Quang expressed appreciation of India’s support for ASEAN’s centrality in the evolving regional architecture, its continued contribution to regional peace, security and prosperity and to ASEAN integration and the ASEAN community building process.
The Finance Minister and his entire team deserve praise for this historic budget.
Not just that, our entire routine collapses.
20. Foreign tourists will be able to exchange foreign currency or old notes of not more than Rs 5000 into legal tender.
Such moves are giving a fillip to the economic growth of the country.
We admire ASEAN’s own progress.
He also organized the staging of a play on Chhatrapati Shivaji, “Janata Raja” which has been staged 1000 times, including a performance at Wembley, London.
It will cut down the time taken to cross the Zojila pass from the present three and a half hours, to just fifteen minutes.
1. Assistance in development of human resources, health services and setting up of health care facilities;
We have had excellent conversations over the past two days and very productive outcomes.
The Foundation, in association with Mahaveer Viklang Sahayta Samiti, has been instrumental in the fitment of Jaipur Foot to needy amputees.
At the same time, it is not unnatural for two large neighbouring powers to have some differences.
7. We have to take the country ahead with the determination of creating a ‘New India’.
Agriculture in Africa can drive the continent’s march to prosperity, and also support global food security.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated to the nation, the Deendayal Hastkala Sankul – a trade facilitation centre for handicrafts – at Varanasi.
However, with implementation of 7th Central Pay Commission, in case of Government servants, the ceiling now is Rs. 20 Lakhs effective from 1.1.2016.
The combined impact on the exchequer on account of both Dearness Allowance and Deamess Relief would be Rs.6112.20 crore per annum and Rs.4074.80 crore in the financial year 2018-19 (for a period of 08 months from July, 2018 to February, 2019).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, interacted with the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Bhartiya Janaushadhi Pariyojana and store owners of Jan Aushadi Kendras, through video conference.
Thus, the package would help in social transformation through women empowerment.
In Singapore, I will hold deliberations with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on ways to enhance India-Singapore ties on the occasion of commemoration of 50th anniversary of our diplomatic ties.
Marketing and promotion of “Brand India
He said that in less than a year, the number of beneficiaries under the Ujjwala scheme for LPG has crossed 2 crore.
The same ethos was reflected in the doctrine of trustee-ship, advocated by Mahatma Gandhi.
The genius of Norman Borlaug brought the Green Revolution and food security to India.
Every countryman should make a resolve, every countryman should prepare a 5-year roadmap to realise that resolve.
Shri Modi also signed the visitors’ book at the Irish Prime Minister’s Office.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, was apprised about an MoU signed in February, 2019 between India and Morocco to promote exchange of information and technical cooperation in the field of Housing and Human Settlement.
We should have an international network of 30-40 universities and labs focusing for next ten years on renewable energy.
He was briefed on various health and medical activities being performed at the premises.
I’m glad that of out of two billion people who received help, almost 70 percent are from SCs, STs or OBCs.
Thousands of individuals and institutions, who have already gained from Yoga, reach out to those that still have not.
In spite of many steps taken, we have only been able to reach a ranking of seventy-six now.
Socially useful innovations had been invited.
The Prime Minister met the Prime Minister of Spain, Mr. Mariano Rajoy.
The revival of India-UK CEO Forum is a welcome step.
The Protocol will facilitate exchange of information, as per accepted international standards, on tax matters including bank information and information without domestic tax interest.
Prime Minister recalled his meeting with President Rouhani of Iran and reiterated that India attached high priority to its relations with Iran.
I am pleased to announce that we will establish at least one information technology laboratory in each Pacific Island country.
• our workers satisfied;
To support the sugar sector, the Government had recently extended soft loan assistance of Rs.4305 crore to the industry which has been directly credited to farmers account on behalf of sugar mills through banks benefitting about 32 lakh farmers.
The Prime Minister said that the Government’s commitment has ensured that the long pending issue of “One Rank One Pension” has been resolved.
Addressing IAS Officers of the 2014 batch at the Inaugural Session of Assistant Secretaries, the Prime Minister said that they had a great opportunity to enhance their skills and learning, far beyond what they had imbibed during their training so far.
To commence the full operationalisation of PartNIR, an Advisory Group will be set up, comprising of respective representatives of BRICS Ministries of Industry, in consultation with appropriate Ministries, to develop, as a first step, the Terms of Reference and a Work Plan aligned with the 4th Industrial Revolution priorities, to be submitted to the BRICS Chair.
But he began the newspaper by printing on paper made by hand, from straw.
The foundation stone of roads under central road fund (CRF) will be laid through the press of button.
We have introduced three non-subsidised but low cost schemes covering accident insurance, life insurance and pensions.
For me, access also means that content should be in local languages.
I encourage you to make use of the ten-year business visa, the e-Tourist Visa, and the Visa-On-Arrival facility that we now offer to Japanese travellers.
VIP culture creates hurdle in security architecture.
That too silently, and with devotion, as if they are performing ‘tapasya’ or ‘sadhana’.
In his opening remarks, RajyavardhanRathore said that Prime Minister’s vision and government’s initiativesplayed a vital role in the improved medal tally and in inspiring young sports persons.
Emphasizing the importance of “Ease of Living,” the Prime Minister said that the role of the Government should be one of a facilitator, more than a regulator.
Digital transactions in India are witnessing a very rapid surge.
In such a short span of time we reached 62 in ranking.
The discussions in the roundtable will be put together as the “Roadmap for opportunities in STEM Education & Research in India”.
Our oil companies are assessing all their investmentskeeping in view the energy diversification strategies.
Mr. Kim also recalled the recent honours received by the Prime Minister, including the UNEP Champions of the Earth Award, and the Seoul Peace Prize, and congratulated him for the same.
The Mission aims at establishment of 15 numbers of Technology Innovation Hubs (TIH), six numbers of Application Innovation Hubs (AIH) and four numbers of Technology Translation Research Parks (TTRP).
The work to develop railway corridors in different parts of the country has been going on.
The Chief Minister thanked the Prime Minister for this meeting, which he said was a welcome development, given the acute problems being faced by people on account of water shortage, especially in the Bundelkhand region.
To integrate RSBY into the health system and make it a part of the comprehensive health care vision of Government of India, RSBY was transferred to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) w.e.f 01.04.2015.
2.1 Cooperation in Sri Lanka, such as the development of LNG-related infrastructure;
The Order lays down a new institutional structure for policy and implementation in fast track manner and empowers National Mission for Clean Ganga to discharge its functions in an independent and accountable manner.
I ask all of you to urge all your friends and family to visit the Science City over the coming weeks.
(vii) Chronic Disease Control;
But this also happens sometimes and if you analyse minutely the journey of your own life, you will realise that if you start running after marks, you will look for the shortest ways, and will identify a few selected things and focus on those only.
Today and yesterday, Prime Minister Netanyahu and I reviewed the progress in our relations and renewed our conversation on the possibilities and the opportunities that beckon us and need to be seized.
• From India, Intensified Mission Indradhanush has been selected as one of the case studies under QED theme.
Friends, It is my firm belief that connect between India and over-seas Indians should be sustained and enriching for both.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will be on a three-day visit to the States of Assam, Andhra Pradesh and Odisha from February 5th to 7th, 2016.
Your politics can wait, it is the safety of our nation that is at stake.
According to the approved Modalities, amending legislation to the concerned Constitution Order is proposed only in respect of such proposals of the concerned State Government/Union Territory Administration, which have been agreed to both by the Registrar General of India (RGI) as well as the National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC).
This is a technology driven system which is transparent.
If we respect the rights of others, our rights will automatically get protected and similarly if we fulfill our duties, then also our rights will get automatically protected.
India was considered the weakest of the BRICS nations.
We look forward to their early consideration.
On my visit to Kranti Mandir, Red Fort, as I was reflecting on memories of Netaji, his family members gifted me a special cap.
Speaking on the occasion, he said technology has a major role to play in bringing in transparency, and curbing corruption.
It was noted that permission for the Iranian Pasargadbank to open a branch in India was under advance consideration.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore.
The Bill shall apply to whole of India, except the state of Jammu and Kashmir.
Prime Minister positively recalled his meeting with President Nieto of Mexico on the sidelines of the UNGA in September 2015 in New York.
I’m going to return after visiting five countries within 70-80 hours.
The Cabinet also approved transfer of 56 acres of Ash Dyke land of Barauni unit to Bihar State Power Generation Company Limited (BSPGCL) to settle dues of HFCL for faster revival of Barauni Unit.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has filled every Indian’s heart with pride by clinching the Denmark Open title with his excellent performance.
The upgradation programme is carried out in selected Government Medical Colleges (GMCs) by agencies appointed by the Government of India under the direct supervision of the Central Government.
40. We express our concern over the ongoing conflict and heightened tensions in the Middle-East region and our conviction that there is no place for unlawful resorting to force or external interference in any conflict and that, ultimately, lasting peace can only be established through broad-based, inclusive national dialogue with due respect for the independence, territorial integrity and sovereignty of each of the countries of the region.
The iconic London landmarks of Tower Bridge and London Eye were draped in the colours of India – saffron, white and green.
SulagittiNarsamma was a midwife, aiding pregnant women during childbirth.
We will offer whatever experience we have to the world community.
A special part of the program of this visit of the President to India will be the first “Gandhi-Mandela Freedom Lecture” which is being organized today.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed pain over the loss of lives due to the fire in Mumbai.
And, we will build the National War Memorial and Museum that you so richly deserve in the heart of our nation’s capital.
The two Prime Ministers noted with satisfaction, the progress made at the 2015 India-UK Cyber Dialogue.
This is also a kind of service.
We will also be happy to enhance the level of investment in Kenya.
Both sides will encourage and support the creation of funds to invest in start-ups in India with participation by Japanese stakeholders.
IBM was set up by the Government of India on 1st March, 1948 under the Ministry of Works, Mines and Power, primarily as an advisory body to help in formulation of policy and legal framework for mining sector and advising Central and State Governments on development and utilization of mineral resources.
Hundreds of millions of our people have been lifted out of poverty.
The Great Indian thinker and strategist Kautilya wrote the Arth-shastra more than two thousand years ago.
We are raising our voice at international fora.
A real time land slide warning system in the Sikkim, Darjeeling region.
The long coastline of India and severe power deficit in the country, warrant the study of ocean renewable energies.
They were marked by the desire to do more.
And, it is only a start of our collaboration in this field.
He recalled how dairies had grown in Saurashtra, in the period when he was Chief Minister of Gujarat.
We need to take inspiration from beyond our shores.
All pre-existing conditions will be covered from day one of the policy.
Oversize vehicles
Today, we have signed two MOUs focused on skill development: one, to set up a Skill Development Centre for our North Eastern States in Guwahati; and the other with the National Skill Development Council.
Standing here before this 112-feet face of Adiyogi and the Yogeshwar Linga, we are experiencing a colossal presence enveloping everyone in this space.
But under this campaign, more than 2.5 crore children and more than 70 lakh pregnant women have been vaccinated.
These projects will transform Uttar Pradesh, PM said.
In his initial remarks, the Prime Minister quoted a story written by MunshiPremchand in 1933, to highlight the importance of easing the lives of home-makers.
He suggested that Indian PSUs can link with PSUs with other countries, and develop a comprehensive strategy for overseas investment.
I request you to see it.
We inhabit a strategically complex environment.
There is no other form of cooperation that is as effective in building a nation’s future.
It has been left to the State Governments to takenecessary measures for addressing and promoting primary health care in rural areas.
1. Conducting and execution of joint research projects related to issues of mutual interest;
we have worked to give smoke free kitchens to crores of families.
When our goals are not clear, progress is not possible.
Welcoming the constructive discussion and suggestions made by various Chief Ministers, the Prime Minister assured the gathering that these suggestions would be seriously considered in the course of decision-making.
NEC implements various projects through the State and Central agencies.
People are forced to use un-healthy cooking techniques that cause indoor air pollution.
We are creating infrastructure that gives people their basic needs of roof, water, sanitation, electricity, schools, and medical help within the reach and means.
The Agreement was signed on 1st October 2018 at New Delhi in the presence of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and President of Uzbekistan Mr. Shavkat Mirayoyev, by the Minister for Science & Technology and Earth Sciences, Dr. Harsh Vardhan on the Indian side and Minister of Innovative Development, Mr. Ibrohim Abdurakhmanov on the Uzbek side.
‘New India’ is neither a government programme, nor is it the manifesto of a political party, nor is it a project.
His was a life dedicated to serving others, the Prime Minister said.
(d) In the eventuality of any additional requirement of funds, Department of Sports will take up the matter with the Department of Expenditure.
PM receives the Foreign Minister of UAE, H.H. Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan
Looking at the contribution of teachers in the country from the point of view of students is also immensely valuable in itself.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the gathering at the event to mark the inauguration of Umiya Dham Ashram at Haridwar, via video conferencing.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for Monetisation of land not currently in use by Heavy Engineering Corporation (HEC) Limited, Ranchi, through transfer of 675.43 acres of HEC land to the Jharkhand Government.
5. The Policy encourages setting up of supply chain mechanisms for biodiesel production from non-edible oilseeds, Used Cooking Oil, short gestation crops.
For, it is from here that the Chishti Silsila or Chishti tradition of Sufism came to India.
We will also encourage joint development and manufacturing in defence sector under the Make in India programme.
He said that the vision of his government is to connect at least one women member in every family with a Self Help Group.
India is a proud democratic nation, of 1.25 billion people, who have a chance to exercise their franchise.
And therefore the most effective medicine that exists for memory recall is relaxation.
(i) The number of the Labour representatives to be appointed in the Port Authority Board among the serving employees of the Port has been increased from one to two.
India’s highest ever kilometers of new highway contracts awarded was in 2015.
There were two years of successive drought in the country.
It is a part of his mission to set up 1000 Eklavya Model Residential Schools across tribal areas.
He unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of the Shri Narendra Modi Resilient Rice Field Laboratory.
The amendments mainly focus on issues relating to improving road safety, citizens’ facilitation while dealing with the Transport Department.
There will be special focus on placement of trainees with incentives/disincentives linked to placement as envisaged in the Common Norms.
2. MoC with the Joint Stock Company “Russian Railways” (RZD) on technical cooperation in the field of railways.
He said we must not forget, and we should also make sure that the world does not forget, these sacrifices made by the jawans.
But all this is for the benefit of concerned stakeholders.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister paid homage to the brave freedom fighters, especially the women freedom fighters of Manipur.
Both countries have a large segment of their population living in rural areas and are pre-dominantly dependent on agriculture and its allied activities for their livelihoods.
However, there is significant potential for India and UK to further strengthen their economic ties.
I see so many radiant and joyous faces here.
May the Triple Gem of Buddha, Dhamma and Sangha bless us all.
The Prime Minister asserted that nations cannot progress unless they value and cherish their history and heritage.
Afghans naturally recognize that the sacrifices of American have helped create a better life.
I pray for the continued progress and prosperity of Maharashtra.
The details are as follows:-
We are 3rd among the top 10 FDI destinations listed by UNCTAD;
Therefore, we must take a firm resolve today.
The two leaders also discussed the continuing threat of terrorism and the need for the International community to eschew selective approaches.
These days we see that our youth are getting increasingly inclined to the field of sports.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched the Stand Up India initiative, which aims to boost entrepreneurship among the Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes, and Women.
Let us, together thank him for his contribution to the multiple fields he touched.
We are in the 21st Century.
Mr. Prime Minister, thank you for hosting this Summit.
The world is undergoing political, economic, technological and security transition on a scale and speed rarely seen in recent history.
“India salutes the brave CRPF personnel who were martyred in the attack in Sukma, Chhattisgarh.
Madam Lagarde, you have referred to India as the “bright spot” in the global economy.
He says that when he received this reward, it struck him that a poor old woman had lost all her belongings because of a fire that broke out in her house.
“On the occasion of Eid-e-Milad-un-Nabi greetings to you all.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the people of Nagaland on their Statehood Day.
PM laid the foundation stone of North East Gas Grid which will ensure uninterrupted availability of natural gas across the region and boost industrial growth in the region.
PM said that the film Industry has a huge potential of contributing in the growth of Tourism in the country.
· BRICS Astronomy Conference (Sutherland: SALT – Southern African Large Telescope)
India will celebrate this common heritage every step of the way.
A list of Covered Tax Agreements as well as a list of reservations and options chosen by a country are required to be made at the time of signature or when depositing the instrument of ratification.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and South Africa on cooperation in the exploration and uses of outer space for peaceful purposes.
Lt. Gen H. R. McMaster, U.S. National Security Advisor called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
The MoU was signed on 8th April, 2.017.
7. Joint development of multi modal terminals in India.
Nearly 52 thousand bird feeders were distributed in every nook and corner of the world.
He said the country is moving towards becoming Open Defecation Free before the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, on October 2 this year.
As the present world has entered the era of modern technological advancements in the Telecom Sector such as 5G, loT, M2M etc., a need was being felt to introduce a ‘customer focused’ and ‘application driven’ policy for the Indian Telecom Sector, which can form the main pillar of Digital India by addressing emerging opportunities for expanding not only the availability of telecom services but also telecom based services.
H. E. Dr. A. K. Abdul Momen, Foreign Affairs Minister of Bangladesh, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
We look forward to comprehensive and concrete outcome in Paris with a positive agenda on combating climate change, which also focuses on access to finance and technology for the developing world, especially the poor countries and small island states.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
Ministry of Finance (the issuer) has been delegated this power to amend / add to the features of the Scheme with approval of the Finance Minister to reduce the time lag between finalizing the attributes of a particular tranche and its notification.
On this historic occasion, I am confident that ASEAN will further resolve to work together with one vision, one identity and as one independent community.
There are signs of convergence, between cheaper renewable energy, technologies, and digital applications.
The Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards achieving this vision.
Friends, We have taken steps to ensure that the Government schemes bring in a qualitative change in the lives of poor people, lower middle class and middle class people.
And everybody feels that the people should get the right news and good news.
The artefacts and products displayed in this exhibition are indeed impressive.
He reiterated India’s commitment to a rule-based multilateral trading system, based on the principles of inclusiveness and consensus.
Don’t you feel the need to identify such people, who are sitting among you, who supported these companies?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi also hosted an official lunch for President Ibrahim Mohamed Solih and the accompanying delegation.
PM also dedicated to the nation mounded storage facility by Indian Oil at its Kochi LPG based bottling Plant at a cost of Rs 50 crores.
First, all development sectors must imbibe the principles of disaster risk management.
India has achieved a rating upgrade after a long wait.
Despite this, all the lawyers of that era who had well flourishing law profession left their advocacy for this country.
There are still several months left for the 1000 days to be completed and till now only 2000 villages are yet to be electrified.
This is the fifth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video bridge with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
• Matters of mutual concern or interest in relation to livestock husbandry, fisheries and related matters
2. We remember Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Patel, Pandit Nehru, countless people who sacrificed their lives so that we attained Swarajya.
It is true that even if the most highly placed men and women relate the best possible things in the best possible words and in the best possible manner, good news has a better impact than that.
He said Manipur has an important role to play in New India’s growth story.
In Prime Minister Netanyahu, I have a counter-part who is equally committed to taking the India-Israel relationship to soaring new heights.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Bilateral Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and Securities and Exchange Organization (SEO), Iran in relation to mutual cooperation on matters pertaining to securities markets.
The areas of cooperation will focus on development of new and renewable energy technologies in the field of Wind energy, Biomass, Solar (thermal and photovoltaic), Smart grids, Geothermal energy, Marine energy, contribution of renewables to diversification of supply and energy security, and any other mutually agreed areas.
You too, must set yourself specific targets which are tangible and measurable.
The Prime Minister pressed a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
Because, this new age of promise is also caught in shifting plates of global politics and the fault lines of history.
We know that Mahatma Gandhi was born in 1869.
· 4th BRICS Ministers of Communications Meeting (Durban)
We would also host a Commemorative Summit on the theme “Shared Values, Common Destiny.”
We have offered assistance in restoring pagodas damaged in the recent earthquake in Myanmar.
Health services will improve through these centers.
The Prime Minister said the common man could relate to Adi Shankara’s composition – Soundarya Lahari.
Over two crore workers at three lakh Common Service Centers across the country witnessed the launch event through video conference
The Prime Minister reiterated that eastern India must develop, for the all-round development of India.
The spread of LPG cylinders has been predominantly in the urban and semi-urban areas with the coverage mostly in middle class and affluent households.
Both Sides agreed to revive cooperation under the Integrated Long Term Programme for cooperation in the field of Science, Technology and Innovations between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Russian Federation by drawing up a roadmap for further cooperation between different Laboratories, Academia, Universities, Institutions and Organizations in scientific and technology areas of mutual priority.
But breaking of silos and information sharing among states can help make everyone more secure.
Since it is exempt, it is not even counted in the Rs. 62,000 crores.
He presented the State’s strategy for doubling farm income by 2022.
50 health and wellness centers in Arunachal Pradesh was inaugurated by PM.
It is time that we jointly address this challenge by intensifying cooperation in this crucial area.
Shri Narendra Modi spoke of the historical ties and complementarities between the two countries.
The number of CNG refuelling stations also increased from 950 to 1500 in the same period.”
My greetings to all BIMSTEC nations.
The identified areas of cooperation inter alia include high speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure, etc.
During the interaction, officers shared their experiences on subjects such as agriculture, drinking water, citizen-centric governance, innovation and teamwork in governance, project implementation, education, manufacturing, internal security, and solar energy.
There will be talks with President Tony Tan Keng Yam, PM Lee Hsien Loong, and Emeritus Senior Minister Mr. Goh Chok Tong.
Centre assures all support to Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation.
He said making money is not the primary objective, but is often a by-product.
The long-term plan is to become a zero-carbon emitting urban transit system.
He said technology can only be embraced collectively within an institution.
We would like to see our trade grow and become more balanced for Sri Lanka.
You were one of the early adopters of the internet and social media and Facebook.
The Prime Minister said that the country’s biggest airport is being built in Jewar, in Uttar Pradesh.
We have seen during many such events where if the Indian players fail, the anger of the country is vented towards the players.
It is essential to develop effective policies to bridge the digital divides, including through supporting people to learn and by adopting new technologies and ensure effective mechanisms for transfer of relevant technologies.
The Prime Minister said that the Pradhan Mantri Gram SadakYojana came into being due to the efforts of Shri Venkaiah Naidu.
I would like to congratulate all the winners of the run with the theme ‘North East leads the way – Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’.
While some of India’s rich are buying hybrid cars, many of India’s poor are still buying firewood for cooking.
The incidence of Tuberculosis (TB) per 1 lakh population has been reduced to 204 in 2017, from 234 in 2013.
30. The EU welcomed India’s contribution to peace and development in Africa, including its participation in UN Peacekeeping Missions.
We will not only further strengthen our bilateral cooperation on this issue, but will also increase our cooperation and coordination in multilateral fora.
Expansion of infrastructure for development has been one of the priorities of the Government.
On the other hand, there is immense potential for food processing and value addition, especially in niche areas such as organic and fortified foods.
5. Promotion of business development opportunities in pharmaceuticals;
At Cellular Jail, he visited the cells of Veer Savarkar, and other freedom fighters.
There is a separate section to exhibit some of the personnel belongings of Dr Kalam, including his famous Rudra Veena, G-suit he wore during his Su-30 MKI flight and numerous awards he received.
He said efficient governance can lessen the burden of the judiciary.
Today, in many parts of the world, the light of a bright future flickers in the storm of violence and instability.
We are future-proofing India in every way, enabling New India to take off.
India’s trade with Malaysia is also vibrant, particularly in commodities sector.
The existing population of 26.23 lakh of Patna agglomeration area is expected to be benefitted by Patna Metro Rail Project directly and indirectly.
Unveiling the expansion of health care system in Bihar, he said, “ It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health care infrastructure development.
The ASEAN-India partnership will continue to grow.
It includes:
Combating climate change and ensuring protection of environment and natural resources.
It is public money and must be used for public welfare but it ought not be wasted, it must be well spent.
In addition to healthcare, it will also provide medical education at the under-graduate and post-graduate level, besides nursing.
Your concerns are right but this just does not happen in Punjab and Haryana alone.
Progress in other agriculture schemes, piped water supply, and banking extension facilities in rural areas came up for discussion.
The Prime Minister recalled former President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam, and said Dr. Kalam wanted to be remembered as a teacher.
During the budget exactly a month ago, it was announced that those earning upto Rupees Five Lakhs would not pay income tax!
At such a young age I saw that he was interested in research in the field of Physics.
He called upon the students to be at the centre of changing trends across the globe.
The decision will not have much financial implications as large number of posts are lying vacant and the present incumbents would continue to work in their existing capacity against sanctioned posts.
And in the existence of women prevails the welfare of humanity.
The Agreement intends to promote close cooperation in the areas of e-Governance, IT education, Implementation and roll out of generic configurable e-Governance products / devices in various sectors, development of Data Centers etc.
The Prime Minister mentioned how international organizations and agencies were looking at India very differently today, as compared to 2013.
He said the Ardh-Kumbh would show how ‘New India’ encompasses both heritage and modernity.
1. National Rural Drinking Water Programme (NRDWP) is to be continued co-terminus with the 14th Finance Commission cycle till March 2020.
We undertook the world’s largest and most successful financial inclusion programme.
By using Space technology and internet, we have been able to identify in the last few months 170 applications that will make governance better and development faster.
I am happy with the focus on small holders and food losses in the G20 Action Plan on Agriculture.
I take this opportunity to congratulate all for the timely completion of IREP.
“On this auspicious occasion, I also bring with me the greetings of 1.25 billion people from the land of the Samyak-sambuddha, the perfectly self awakened one,” the Prime Minister said.
Let Science and Technology become a strong tool of inclusive development and betterment of the weakest and poorest segments of our society.
Meeting of BRICS Contact Group on Economic and Trade Issues (CGETI) (12 April 2016, New Delhi; 29 July 2016, Agra; 12 October 2016, New Delhi) 19.
Excellency, as two developing countries we face similar challenges.
It is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
The waste from our kitchens, be it vegetable peels, leftover food, egg shells or leaves are all part of liquid waste and are to be placed in green litter bins.
The MoU shall come into effect on the date of its signature and shall remain effective until March 31, 2020.
Similarly, the allocations for North Eastern States will also continue.
My dear countrymen, it has been told in our epics:-
At Davos, I look forward to sharing my vision for India’s future engagement with the international community.
It was a very special visit.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi’s commitment to Swachhta.
All of these point to the new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
3. A larger Indian economy has multiple benefits for the world.
The Junior Hockey Team lifted the World Cup.
Explaining the significance of India growing on the world stage, he said this does not only mean having a strong army and powerful economy.
The 2nd programme at Sabarmati Ashram is a programme to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Shrimad Rajchandraji, a Guru to Mahatma Gandhi.
The joint sitting may also work on a Roadmap for Trade, Economic and Investment Cooperation till 2020.
Spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar joined the interaction from Bengaluru.
A draft text of Air Service Agreement has been finalized in consultation with Ministry of Law & Justice (Department of Legal Affairs), Ministry of Finance (Department of Economic Affairs, Department of Revenue), Ministry of External Affairs, Department of Commerce and Ministry of Tourism.
This Agreement is unique in the sense that both sides have offered ASEAN Plus commitments in trade in goods and have exchanged WTO Plus offers in trade in services.
Describing the battle that mankind must fight against terror, he said that this “is not a confrontation against any religion.
What should be the logo?
My countrymen, I would like to say one more thing to you.
I want this Government to be criticised.
This results in congestion at Thane which is already a busy station on Central Railway.
They too, can interview such people, and inspire the young generation.
India’s traditional medicines, particularly Ayurveda, can play an important role in sustaining the health and wellness.
Dignitaries and Excellencies,
Mascot of the Vibrant Gujarat Ahmedabad Shopping Festival will be unveiled by the PM on this occasion.
I am happy that out of the 66 lakh recipients 24 lakh were women.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that water supply was a major challenge for the State of Gujarat, but that challenge has been successfully overcome.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), which has been signed between Indian and Germany, for implementation of Make in India campaign for Capital Goods Sector and Fraunhofer Gesellschaft (Fraunhofer), Germany, a leading organisation of 65 institutes for applied industrial research in Europe.
• GDP growth is up and inflation is down
A system of bilateral foreign policy consultations would recommend concrete ways to upgrade our partnership.
The Prime Minister visited a Pashudhan Arogya Mela organised at the village.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited EMERCOM –the National Crisis Management Centre (NCMC) in Moscow.
“On the occasion of Rath Yatra, my warmest greetings to you all.
Shri Suresh Prabhu, Commerce and Industry Minister, India
• States did inventory mapping and BMMP effectively rolled out in 13 States during 2016-17.
The Prime Minister was briefed on the likely path of the cyclone, and the ongoing precautionary and preparatory measures being undertaken.
In each school and college, a team of students called the ‘Swachhta Senani’ may be formed to spread awareness about sanitation and cleanliness.
Index of Industrial Production in the current year shows a distinct improvement over the previous year.
The Prime Minister said both India and Spain are engaging in vigorous economic reform.
The process to fill up the posts shall be initiated within two months.
The Prime Minister has time and again said that the Government is committed to ensure that the menace of black money is overcome.
He expressed happiness that States are now organising investor summits.
Thus, it is an unprecedented achievement in itself.
He said museums are also being built to commemorate the brave deeds of the Adivasi heroes who were part of our freedom struggle.
Terming the Indian community as ambassadors of India in Japan, Prime Minister urged them to invest in India and to maintain cultural ties with the motherland.
The Prime Minister said, “Anguished by the passing away of Lok Sabha MP from Aska, Odisha, Shri Ladu Kishore Swain Ji.
I wish to share this joy with you as well.
Additional financial assistance, over and above SDRF, is considered from National Disaster Response Fund (NDRF) for natural calamities of severe nature and is approved on the basis of Memorandum received from the State Government in accordance with established procedure, keeping in view items and norms in vogue for assistance.
The following changes will be made in list of Scheduled Tribes of Chhattisgarh:-
In a series of tweets, the Prime Minister also said that it is heartening to see such warmth, enthusiasm and patience of the citizens to bear this limited inconvenience for a greater good.
This is an extraordinary event of great importance to the world, at a critical time for humanity.
This child is absolutely right.
These include-
This unit will create opportunities for 400 direct and 1200 indirect employments.
He called upon all citizens living on the banks of the River Ganga, to volunteer towards cleaning the river, during the Swachhata Hi Seva movement.
MoC between India and Japan in the field of Environment Cooperation.
There is no discrimination based on yours or mine and no nepotism.
Under the MoU, both the sides will collaborate on all matters relating to housing and human settlements through various strategies including training of personnel, exchange visits, expos/exhibitions, conferences and workshops.
Extant policy provides for 49% FDI under automatic route in Power Exchanges registered under the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (Power Market) Regulations, 2010.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister began by recalling that he had met Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina several times in the recent past, including at the BIMSTEC meeting in Kathmandu, in Shanti Niketan, and during the Commonwealth Summit in London.
I would also like to make an appeal to the leaders of the various institutions gathered here.
The countries of South, Central, South East and East Asia are proud of their Buddhist links traced to the land of Buddha.
They have evoked a new inspiration and a new awakening among millions of our countrymen.
Ahead of his historic visit to Israel, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi tells Israel Hayom that the two countries are ready to “take the relationship to a new level” • Israel “braved many odds” and has “amazing accomplishments,” he says.
Mr. Sanjiv Ranjan, Ambassador of India to Argentina
Talking about the ‘Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao’ initiative, he said that villages with women Sarpanches can play a key role in the drive to end female foeticide.
24. When things like the coming together of Iran, Afghanistan and India come together for Chabahar port, then one can see the impossible becoming possible.
This ecosystem was born in the Silicon Valley.
19. The two Prime Ministers condemned in the strongest terms the growing threat of terrorism and its universal reach.
People are now talking about the need to ensure that money allocated for a project is utilised and it is done in a timely as well as transparent manner, he said.
He said that though diplomatic relations between the two countries are only 25 years old, yet ties between India and Israel go back several centuries.
Elaborating on the more energetic and purposeful approach to project completion in the Union Government, the Prime Minister explained how the PRAGATI system set up in the Prime Minister’s Office enables monitoring of stalled projects through video conferencing.
It underscores the mastery our nuclear scientists have attained over all aspects of indigenous PHWR technology.
With the Jan Dhan Yojana, within a matter of months, the lives of millions of Indians were transformed.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for the extension of the term of the 7th Central Pay Commission by four months up to 31.12.2015.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has strongly condemned the terrorist attack in Kabul.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today joined the members of the Rajya Sabha, in welcoming Vice President Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu, as Chairman of the House.
Rs 1000 per extra passenger
The increase in domestic and international air travel in India combined with congestion at most airports, and the strong traffic growth at the 5 airports which were privatized over a decade ago has attracted the attention of several international operators and investors.
Even if something is very difficult to be achieved, one can obtain it with penance and hard work.
That day I decided to invite his great family to the Prime Minister’s residence.
PM unveiled several development projects from Perumanallur village in Tiruppur.
The membership would help India leverage the technical assistance and sectoral knowledge of the bank for the benefit of development of private sector.
The President of Viet Nam was accompanied by a high-level official delegation, including Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister H.E. Mr. Pham Binh Minh, leaders of many ministries, provinces and a large business delegation.
He said, today small entrepreneurs can do business more easily, and simple things like getting an electricity connection have got easier.
For the first time a holistic view of the power sector has been taken and comprehensive amendments have been made in the Tariff policy 2006.
A long term sustainable technology-led economic growth is possible on this foundation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today unveiled a plaque for the foundation stone of a new helicopter manufacturing unit of Hindustan Aeronautics Limited in Tumkur district in Karnataka.
The Prime Minister will attend the closing ceremony of the Narmada Mahotsav, and address the gathering at Dabhoi.
6. Research & Development
The proposed Bill complements the Code by providing a resolution framework for the financial sector.
The Bill is aimed at reorienting the governance model in central Ports to landlord port model in line with the successful global practice.
All our public expenditure must take into account risk considerations.
The Prime Minister thanked the delegation for their words of appreciation and support.
There has been a lot of politics over the poor.
8. The two leaders shared the intention to further augment cooperation in skill development by expanding the scope and number of Japan-India Institutes for Manufacturing (JIMs) as well as the Japanese Endowed Courses (JEC) in various Indian states.
The implementation of Integrated Command and Control Centres is gathering pace across India.
“My best wishes to all young friends taking part in the Khelo India Youth Games, which are beginning in Pune today.
Distinguished Ministers from Tiger Range Countries,
Responding to a question on water conservation, the Prime Minister said all of us should individually focus on judicious use of water; and micro and drip irrigation.
We are celebrating 70 years of the establishment of Indo-Dutch diplomatic relations this year.
I assure you that we will work with renewed vigour to raise the level to momentum of our partnership.
At that time I was new, whatever I saw in the government, I expressed them with an open mind before one hundred and twenty five crore citizens.
We have focused on financial inclusion, access to credit, digital transactions, last mile connectivity, andsupport to small and medium enterprise so as to spread development across the country and enrich all the citizens of India.
In order to maintain a certain degree of continuity in the operations of the Forum, establishment of a Full-time Secretariat was agreed upon by Belmont Forum members, on rotational basis.
“Saddened by the demise of former Chief Justice of India, Justice AS Anand.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Rajasva Gyan Sangam at New Delhi, and addressed the tax administrators of both the Union and State Governments.
Tell me my friends, is it a matter of concern or not, for such highly Qualified Professionals?
In-patient hospitalization expenditure in India has increased nearly 300% during last ten years.
The Prime Minister had a special word of appreciation for the boatmen (Naviks) involved in Kumbh as well.
My salutations to you.
Agricultural markets are regulated by states.
Chhatrapati Shivaji is remembered as a torchbearer of good governance and as an accomplished administrator.
The Operations & Maintenance expenses on new AIIMS are also fully borne by the Central Government.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has saluted all the personnel of Border Roads Organisation on its foundation day.
You could have never imagined that how just one signature of yours can help the poor people of this country.
The Prime Minister instructed all agencies involved in relief operations, including the Indian Air Force, to put in their best possible effort for immediate rescue and relief.
The Governing Council of NITI Aayog is the premier body tasked with evolving a shared vision of national development priorities, sectors and strategies with the active involvement of States in shaping the development narrative.
India has made that extra effort for Africa.
The project provides for completion of a new Parliament Building for Afghanistan, keeping in view the traditions and values of Afghanistan.
Co-production of an Indian film with an international party means that Indian producer can access international funds and can collaborate on the script, talent and distribution at international level.
• Sufism is the voice of peace, co-existence, compassion and equality; a call to universal brotherhood, says PM Modi
The National Health Policy, 2017 adopted an elaborate procedure for its formulation involving stakeholder consultations.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rolled out the Pradhan Mantri Jan ArogyaYojana-Ayushman Bharat from Ranchi on September 23, 2018 and termed it a “game-changer initiative to serve the poor“.
As developing countries, we share similar challenges.
Commemorative coin and stamps:
Recently, in certain parts of India, particularly, Assam, North-East, Gujarat, Rajasthan and some areas of Bengal, have had to bear the brunt of natural disasters, caused by excessive rains.
• The Leaders also affirmed the urgent need to combat, prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unregulated, and unreported (IUU) fishing and welcomed the signing of a Joint Communiqué on IUU Fishing and to Promote Sustainable Fisheries Governance between Indonesia and India.
In November 1973, the Cabinet approved inter alia setting up of Agricultural Scientists’Recruitment Board with a whole-time Chairman, to function as an independent recruitment agency in recruitment to various scientific positions in Agricultural Research Service and Research Management Positions of ICAR/DARE.
The last Cadre review of the service was carried out in the year 1987.
My dear fellow citizens, I would like you to note down one number.
The Centre is a regional hub for interdisciplinary education, training and research in biotechnology with emphasis on novel education programmes relevant to industry, including bio-drug discovery science, nano-science and medicine, imaging techniques, designer crops, bioengineering and biomaterials, intellectual property, technology transfer and regulation to fulfil and overcome the acute shortage of skilled human resources in India.
From the darkness of the middle of the last century, Japan led Asia’s rise.
However, in case the incident of profiteering relates to an item of mass impact with ‘All India’ ramification, the application may be directly made to the Standing Committee.
In addition, there would be a grand draw once every week for such customers in which the prize money will be in lakhs of rupees and three months later on April 14th, on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Dr. Baba Saheb Ambedkar, there would be a mega bumper draw where rewards would be in crores of rupees.
Recalling the principles enshrined in the 1997 Bangkok Declaration, we reemphasize that cooperation within BIMSTEC will be based on respect for the principles of sovereign equality, territorial integrity, political independence, non-interference in internal affairs, peaceful co-existence and mutual benefit.
Research and innovation would be the driving force in 4th industrial revolution era.
He was informed in detail about the coordination among various disaster-relief agencies, which is done by this Centre.
The Agreement aims to improve the effectiveness of both countries in the prevention, investigation, prosecution and suppression of crimes including crime relating to terrorism, transnational organized crime and drug trafficking.
Recalling that India-Afghanistan bilateral development cooperation has assisted Afghanistan’s own efforts for successful political, security and economic transitions, the two leaders noted with happiness the recent completion of major milestones such as Parliament Building and the Afghanistan-India Friendship Dam.
I firmly believe that reform in the media, whenever required, can only come from within, through introspection.
We in India take pride at the remarkable speed with which sanitation cover has increased in the last four years.
This success, is the result of a series of well thought out policies.
We have an ambitious agenda and an equally aggressive target to generate 175 giga watts from renewable energy.
I consider this a very important summit and thank UN Secretary General for organizing it.
• ongoing Schemes of Interest Subsidy and contribution for guarantee funds, Scholarship for College & University Students;
People of Prayagraj are also very enthusiastic about the Kumbh.
They are all from the common middle class.
Under this scheme, flights have begun today from Shimla, Nanded and Kadapa Airports.
The number of countries from where FDI is coming in, and the sectors in which they are being routed have also diversified in the last two years.
The exchange of best practices between the two countries will lead to improved protection and awareness about India’s range of Intellectual creations which are as diverse as its-people.
Our thoughts are with the bereaving families.
I recall a quote our beloved former President, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam: “We are such a great nation.
Often the same mistakes are repeated.
During the interaction, Shri Narendra Modi said that the Government has reduced knee transplant prices by 60 – 70%, thereby bringing down the cost from Rs. 2.5 lakh to around Rs.70, 000 – 80,000.
We are proud of the Jewish community in India.
Under the MoU, a Joint Working Committee will be constituted to identify priority areas of mutual interest and follow up on the progress of implementation of the activities identified by both sides.
The total estimated cost of the project is Rs.32,835 crores including maintenance and operation costs for 30 years.
We need your inputs to make our cities more immune to the consequences of natural disasters and our homes more resilient.
He said the entire world has taken note of the technological prowess and creativity of Israel.
These people should be invited to schools and colleges to share their experiences.
The conversation focused on the ongoing Conference of Parties (CoP-21) in Paris.
The stake-holders will include researchers from scientific organizations, academia, R&D laboratories and industries from India and Uzbekistan.
Out of the crude stored, some part will be used for commercial purpose of ADNOC, while a major part will be purely for strategic purposes.
The Prime Minister will attend the Madhya Pradesh Shehari Vikas Mahotsav in Indore.
PM will inaugurate the upgraded Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
It can be a washer man, a barber, a newspaper vendor, milkman, just about anybody engaged in small enterprise.
Our personal income tax base has also expanded by nearly 20 million.
The budget has provisions to fulfill the expectations of everyone- from construction of highways to expansion of I-ways, from the cost of pulses to the data speed, from the modernization of railways to simple economic constructions, from education to health, from entrepreneurs to industry, from textile manufacturers to tax deduction.
With the intervention of technology, slowly we are trying to link Aadhaar with the system.
They discussed enhanced steps for tree plantation and protection in the catchment area of the River Narmada.
The Prime Minister said that it is vital to identify the “last people in the line” so that benefits of governance can reach them.
Our partnership will also grow in areas like defence manufacturing, trade in advanced technology, intelligence, and countering terrorismand radicalism.
With a shoreline of 7500 kilometres and nearly 1300 islands, India has similar concerns.
There is a huge domestic market in India.
The Prime Minister said that Akhaura-Agartala rail connectivity will provide another link in the cross-border connectivity between the two countries.
The results have been encouraging.
Noting that urban mass transit projects should not merely be seen as urban transport projects but more as urban transformation projects, the new policy mandates Transit Oriented Development (TOD) to promote compact and dense urban development along metro corridors since TOD reduces travel distances besides enabling efficient land use in urban areas.
Saluting their accomplishments on International Day of the Girl Child.
They reaffirmed the strategic importance of the early conclusion of the negotiations for a high-quality, comprehensive and balanced Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) Agreement for realising full benefits of a free and open Indo-Pacific region.
Ranchi-Patna AC Weekly Express train was inaugurated on this occasion.
People who take calculative steps only through the prism of politics, cannot take such decisions.
He said the new series of coins have been designed and released keeping that vision in mind.
Following is the text of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s message on Earth Day:
On their Statehood Day, I greet my sisters and brothers of Manipur.
Prime Minister Modi and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu today visited the Centre of Excellence for Vegetables in Vadrad in Sabarkantha District of Gujarat.
Addressing a huge gathering at Sikandarpur in Ghaziabad, Prime Minister said that Ghaziabad is today know by three C’s; Connectivity, Cleanliness and Capital.
My call to you is to find ways to enable the capital markets to provide long term capital for infrastructure.
Spoke to the Secretary, Department of Space and congratulated him & the entire team of scientists on today’s exceptional achievement”, the Prime Minister said.
Today’s India is this four dimensional India.
He urged people to resolve to make a positive contribution to the nation by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
I express my gratitude to you; I thank all of you with the wish that we should move forward in a new direction, with a new zeal and with a new pace to engage the common man of this country in a celebration of honesty.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
Therefore, in recent years, there has been unprecedented focus on manufacturing and infrastructure.
When the people decide they want to achieve something, no force can stop them.
At Kalaburagi in Karnataka, the Prime Minister dedicated the ESIC Hospital and Medical College, Bengaluru to the nation, through the unveiling of the plaque.
I again thank you for your warm welcome and hospitality.
I laud the role played by innumerable individuals, citizens who immediately embark upon rescue and relief operations wherever a disaster strikes.
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
We support the importance of stimulating infrastructure investment on the basis of mutual benefit to support industrial development, job-creation, skills development, food and nutrition security and poverty eradication and sustainable development in Africa.
The Prime Minister mentioned about the benefits of the recently launched common mobility card, the One Nation-One Card.
Quoting from Dr. Ambedkar’s address to the Constituent Assembly in December 1946, the Prime Minister said despite his struggles, Dr. Ambedkar had an inspirational vision for the nation to overcome its problems.
We have been successful in bringing transparency at various levels.
The CGST Bill makes provisions for levy and collection of tax on intra-state supply of goods or services for both by the Central Government.
The Bill brings down the specified value of a commercial dispute to 3 Lakhs from the present one Crore: Therefore, commercial disputes of a reasonable value can be decided by commercial courts.
Representing nearly two thirds of humanity together, we hope to tap the potential for cooperation and the dividends this will bring.
The IGCS will nurture future collaboration by widening the network with other Universities, Institutes and industries both in India and Germany.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Arab Emirates (UAE) on Technical Cooperation in Cyber Space and Combating Cyber-Crime signed last month.
Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Lucknow, Guwahati, Thiruvananthapuram and Mangaluru for operation, management and development under Public Private Partnership (PPP) through Public Private Partnership Appraisal Committee (PPPAC).
Shri Narendra Modi outlined a new scheme “Ek Bharat, Shresth Bharat” which the Union Government is working on, in consultation with the States.
A programme that I am keenly looking forward to join is an interaction with students at the Nairobi University.
It remains important for our future, too.
It is a symbol of optimism and economic development.
Neeraj ji has said
Otherwise the lives of peace loving people will be affected adversely.
Sustainable, stable and reasonably priced energy is essential for the fruits of economic development to reach the bottom of the pyramid.
That is the principle behind my creed of “Sab Ka Saath, Sab Ka Vikaas”.
This point made by Gurbachan Singh ji appears quite ordinary but this reveals how tall and strong his personality is and we have seen that there are many families in our society who connect their individual matters with the benefit of the society as a whole.
In history, every country that has grown has increased its per capita emissions footprint.
ii. Holding an India-Japan public and private healthcare forum.
Following is the text of Prime Minister’s message on National Handloom Day:
44. We also call on all parties directly involved in the current diplomatic crisis in the Gulf region to overcome their dissensions through dialogue and welcome the efforts of Kuwait in this regard.
Guru Gobind Singh ji had inherited courage to fight for justice from the legacy of Sikh Gurus.
It will showcase our potential in the food processing value chain.
The youth of my country will not disappoint me.
It also means a growth path with lighter carbon footprint.
He spoke of the measures taken for investor facilitation in the State.
I want to leave with you the words of a great son of India, a great symbol of humanity, who also came from the shores of Tamil Nadu.
It is a great pleasure to welcome Chancellor Angela Merkel and her eminent delegation to India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has warmly welcomed French President, Mr. François Hollande, on his arrival in India.
In response, the Prime Minister said that our learning cannot be reduced to exams only.
We have targeted generation of one hundred and seventy-five GigaWatts of solar and wind energy by 2022.
AMF TCP is an international platform for co-operation among countries to promote cleaner and more energy efficient fuels & vehicle technologies.
As a new initiative, METI and DIPP decided to cooperate on the development of “Advanced Model Single Window” to streamline administrative procedures in Central and State Governments of India based on the best practices in and outside India and its capacity building, thereby accelerating India’s effort to promote Ease of Doing Business in India.
No country should use or supports terrorism.
I have asked all concerned officers in the Government to focus their attention to this task.
He said that through a series of policy interventions, the Union Government is aiming at a situation where the poor and middle class can access good healthcare services.He said that existing healthcare infrastructure is being upgraded, and good healthcare facilities are being extended to tier 2 and tier 3 cities.
vii. CPSEs must ensure that any increase in wages after negotiations does not result in increase in administered prices of their goods and services.
He also laid the foundation stone for the capacity expansion of the Mundra-Delhi petroleum product pipeline, and a greenfield marketing terminal project of HPCL, at Vadodara.
India andUSA have also agreed to continue to facilitate cooperation on international standard-setting activities, financial stability and the development and implementation of consumer protection through sound prudential regulation of the insurance sector.
They are an attack on Afghanistan’s multicultural fabric.
Incorporating a company along with allotment of DIN, PAN, TAN and the CIN is now just one day affair;
I am happy to tell you that today India is poised to contribute as a new engine of global growth.
It is therefore fitting that we are inaugurating this series with Shri Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore.
My dear countrymen, this year was also the 350th ‘Prakash Parv’ of Guru Gobind Singh ji.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will lead the 4th International Yoga Day Celebrations in Dehradun on June 21, 2018.
· 2nd Meeting of the BRICS Anti-Corruption Working Group – 26 June (Paris, France)
He mentioned the Ayushman Bharat Yojana, and treatment being offered to patients.
He said special attention will be given to sectors such as tourism, food processing and information technology, as part of industrial development.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said India’s history is not only about defeat, poverty or colonialism.
1) The pre-competitive baseline geoscientific data will be created as a public good and will be fully available for open dissemination free of charge.
· This would open up new vistas for Indian professionals on the one hand, and give a fillip to Indian exports on the other.
There are times when both die.
Fiscal deficit is down.
In the shifting contours of history, there were times we have been one.
92. We recognise the importance and role of culture as one of the drivers of the 4th Industrial Revolution and acknowledge the economic opportunities that it presents.
In some ways, the laying of foundation stone of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences at Madurai today reflects our vision of “Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat”.
The Prime Minister recalled how lack of infrastructure, led to difficulties and challenges for the people of Beyt Dwarka, some years ago.
Land for the project will be transferred free of cost.
It reflects the high priority India, and personally I attach to our age-old, close and friendly ties with Nepal.
I had casually mentioned to my fellow citizens, keeping in mind the tourism industry of India to send me good pictures of the destination they travel to on the lines of Incredible India so that I can also see them.
You have soaked our culture and made it your own.
I also hope that a young girl in a small town in India will look at the exhibitors today and dream of her own project.
Stressing the importance of progress and connectivity in the North-East, the Prime Minister said that if the North-East developed, the entire country would march forward.
Giving a clear-cut message to the Yoga enthusiasts all over the world, Prime Minister said that the entire world has embraced Yoga and the glimpses of this can be seen in the way International Day of Yoga is celebrated every year.
I still remember the dinner Prime Minister Lee hosted for me in Little India.
It is the need of today’s time that we must talk about the God of worship and nation God together; during worship we should remember our God of worship and Mother India together.
Congratulating the weightlifters, the Prime Minister said, “Proud of Ragala Venkat Rahul for the Gold.
These numbers show that only 32 lakh people in the country reveal their income to be more than ten lakh rupees.
Addressing a large gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Yogi Adityanath, and the State Government, for the successful setting up of the Pashudhan Arogya Mela.
“This is the miracle of Digital India”, PM said.
The Prime Minister outlined the steps taken to improve electricity supply in the country.
This MoU shall enable the areas of cooperation such as, space science, technology and applications including remote sensing of the earth; satellite communication and satellite based navigation; Space science and planetary exploration; use of spacecraft and space systems and ground system; and application of space technology.
We are one of the most open countries for Foreign Direct Investment today.
That day is not far away when the country which will have data will be considered powerful.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) among New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO), Japan and Ministries of Finance (Department of Economic Affairs), Health & Family Welfare and All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) concerning the Demonstration Project for ICT based Green Hospital at AIIMS in Delhi.
This is the highest for any country.
Their journey may have been uphill and their struggles hard, but they never gave up.
He added that if India had to develop, Bihar must develop.
This growth will be driven by the rising middle class.
The MoU will facilitate exchange of information, expert meetings,seminars technical visits and implementation of jointly agreed cooperation projects.
The allocation for the schemes in these categories has been hiked substantially.
This may also be integrated with the on-going programme for Skill Development.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, beneficiaries explained how Mudra Yojana has helped to set up their own business and thereby helped to create employment for others.
The Prime Minister will release a commemorative postage stamp on Nanaji Deshmukh.
I learn that today, it has over two thousand, four hundred residents from forty-nine countries.
During the financial year 2017-18, amount of central share of SDRF to State Government of Kerala and Tamil Nadu is Rs. 153 crore and Rs. 561 crore respectively.
Our strong bilateral relations have progressed further through this visit.
Even you would be aware that how many administrative and financial steps are needed to be taken by the government for construction of highways.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed on 20th May, 2016 between Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) and Ministry of Cabinet Office, UK (as represented by CERT-UK, a unit of the Cabinet Office on Cyber Security).
In this context, let me outline a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction:
I believe that with the system in place, administrators will be able to monitor city operations better and respond in real time.
Urban agriculture and ecology should get more attention.
At the same time, we need energy resources.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the President of Iran Hassan Rouhani on his re-election.
Once installed, the Jaitapur project will be the largest nuclear power plant in the world, with a total capacity of 9.6 GW.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has congratulated athlete Hima Das on winning Gold in 400m of World U20 Championships.
At the end, I invite more and more German colleagues and companies to India.
We are building a new gas pipeline to the least developed eastern region which will become the catalyst for millions of new jobs.
At the same time, we strongly believe that this is not enough.
The business leaders appreciated the economic and regulatory reforms implemented by the Government in the past four years, and expressed their desire to further deepen their engagements with India to make use of the mutually beneficial opportunities created by the rapidly growing Indian economy.
It plans to meet nearly twenty five percent of the entire energy requirements from renewable sources, particularly solar energy.
It is a transparent system in which no one can hurt the interests of the Consumers.
BPCL’s Ennore Coastal Terminal will be dedicated to the nation on this occasion.
We are also the sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
He said India has changed a lot in three years.
Rashtriya Kamdhenu Aayog is being set up for conservation, protection and development of cows.
5. Reaffirm our commitment to work closely together on common regional and international security issues of mutual concern and ensure an open, transparent, inclusive and rules-based regional architecture through existing ASEAN-led frameworks and mechanisms such as the PMC+1 with India, ARF, EAS, the ADMM-Plus, and ASEAN Senior Officials’ Meeting on Transnational Crimes (SOMTC)+India Consultations.
The schemes are as under:
Each selected AIC would be receiving grant in aid upto Rs 10 crore over 3-5 years in tranches per year, based on review and evidence of planned milestones reached.
We are a nation of 800 million youth below the age of 35 years.
That helps me a lot in understanding things.
The channel will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan.
Hockey maestro Major Dhyan Chand is a renowned name all over the world.
The Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana has benefited 1.98 crore BPL households so far.
The loan contracted by States till 31.3.2016, from the National Small Savings Fund will stand completely repaid by the Financial Year 2038-39.
India is also a young country like Palestine.
Shri Prakash Tripathi reminiscing about the Emergency, has written, presenting 25thof June as a Dark period in the history of Democracy.
Distinguished Delegates from across the World,
That is why I focused on Startup India in the Independence Day Address this year.
As it is, in our families, mothers always tell their children to take only as much food they can eat.
Together, they contribute to creating a more interconnected and diverse world.
Through these steps, the way of life of our people in all corners of the country is being transformed.
I wish you share your travel photographs with me, it will be nice.
(i) Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the Ministry of Economic Affairs of the Netherlands;
He added that CSIR has a key role to play in the emergence of new entrepreneurs in the country.
The owner of 50 Bigha land couldn’t get a loan of Rs 50,000 by mortgaging his land for daughter’s marriage.
We have committed to complete this task sooner than anticipated.
Our friends in the Congress see things in two time periods.
Our scientists must commit themselves to addressing problems of affordable health care, housing, cleaneair,water and energy, agriculture productivity and food processing.
He spoke of the various projects for sewage treatment.
He said India was not responsible for this, as our ancestors never taught us to harm nature.
It warms my heart, to see that so many of them have come forward, with no compulsion to benefit the poor and give up their subsidies.
The Amendment will enable the Estate officer to apply summary proceedings for evicting unauthorised occupants from residential accommodations allotted for a fixed tenure or for a period he/she holds office on the basis of an order of allotment on licence basis, as non-vacation of such residences leads to unavailability of houses to new incumbents.
Over 1000 people were present at the interaction.
40. France reaffirmed its support for India’s candidature for a permanent membership of the UN Security Council.
You too kindly spread the message of Yoga and connect people with it.
When we talk about Science, the first name that strikes us is that of Bharat Ratna Sir C.V.Raman.
Information Technology, pharmaceuticals, auto-components, and machinery are some other areas of promising collaboration.
Mobility, especially the digitization of mobility, is disruptive.
(5). Spectrum Trading shall be permitted only on a pan-LSA (Licensed Service Area) basis.
But I would like to tell you that Gurudev was also a painter.
You ask me should I allow this to go further.
Few countries have so much in common and so much in potential as India and Singapore.
c) assessment of technology status of Capital Goods Cluster;
More than 8.6 lakh merchants have been on board on BHIM Aadhaar, Bharat QR and POS, increasing the digital banking footprint.
The first set of copper plates is a cherished relic for the Cochini Jews in India.
In Goa, I will also have the honour to receive President Vladimir Putin of Russia for the India-Russia Annual Summit and President Michel Temer of Brazil for a bilateral visit.
The expertise of SIDBI would be utilized to manage the day to day operations of the FFS.
Former Prime Minister of Canada, Stephen Harper, who is on a visit to India to attend the Raisina Dialogue, met Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi earlier today.
Creating an enabling environment for business, and attracting investments, is my top priority.
Interest would be paid by the Receiving Party on the USD/Euro/INR amount although no interest will be received on the domestic currency given in exchange thereof to the Providing Party.
Our joint military exercises on counter-terrorism are now an annual feature.
Laying out the broad contours of India’s development path, the Prime Minister said that judicious and intelligent application of India’s natural resources and human resources, would be at the heart of this change.
Shri Narendra Modi said that there is today a horizontal divide – in which – on one side are the people of India and the Union Government, and on the other side are a group of political leaders.
I warmly recall my visit to Brazil in 2014.
My dear countrymen, 5th September is ‘Teachers Day’.
Your Excellency, Madam President and distinguished guests,
More recently, in April 2017, the Prime Minister, and the Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull travelled by metro to the Akshardham Temple.
The two sides agreed to explore ways and means to boost the objectives of the International Solar Alliance.
Friends, Can we take the global lead on creating Artificial Intelligence that is less about making humans redundant and more about enhancing human abilities and expanding human capacities.
Today, on 25th December, as a Christmas gift, fifteen thousand people will get rewards through a draw system, whereby each of the fifteen thousand winners will have one thousand rupees into their accounts and this will be not for today only; starting today this scheme will continue for the next 100 days.
On the recommendation of the National Commission for Backward Classes (NCBC), a total of 2479 Entries for inclusion, including its synonyms, sub-castes, etc. in the Central List of Other Backward Classes have been notified in 25 States and 6 Union Territories.
The monsoon session of Parliament ended just a few days back.
The Prime Minister congratulated the UP government for ensuring electricity in all districts.
ASA is the basic legal framework for any air operation between the two countries.
“When I address the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on 15th August, I am merely the medium.
27. The Sides agreed to actively promote joint projects in third countries in sectors such as railways, energy and others where there is a complementarity between them in terms of technology and resources.
He has laid the Foundation Stone for the Shivaji memorial just off the coast of Mumbai, in the Arabian Sea.
Our companies are adopting latest technologies to improve efficiency, increase safety and reduce costs.
The world is facing natural calamities.
We have moved up sixteen ranks in the ‘Global Innovation Index 2016’ brought out by WIPO and other institutions;
Interacting with the probationers, the Prime Minister exhorted them to keep a sense of trust for the people of India, in course of their work.
The Agreement would be signed on a mutually convenient date and venue.
The Prime Minister reviewed progress towards housing for all.
“In Malaysia an India-students Trust Fund was set up in 1954 to give financial assistance to Malaysian-Indian children who lacked the means for education.
Amount (Rs. in lakhs)
He mentioned ethanol blending of petrol, and ending urea shortages through enhanced production, and neem coating.
The Suzuki plant at Maandal is exporting cars world-wide, and foundation has been laid for production of Lithium-ion batteries to power the next generation hybrid and electric vehicles.
Expounding his vision of India, in his speech which lasted more than one hour, the Prime Minister recalled Imran Khan of Alwar, Rajasthan, who has made about 50 education apps and distributed them free.
An India that is free from the evils of corruption, casteism, communalism, poverty, illiteracy, and disease.
Some of the most profound changes in Africa came through Gandhian methods.
The Prime Minister will also lay the Foundation Stone for the Ammonia-Urea Fertilizer Complex at Barauni.
I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail only after reading Savarkarji’s book “Maazi Janmthep”.
“We need innovative agriculturists, engineers, architects, doctors, lawyers, managers for these Hackathon.
UK will also be a strong partner in India’s defence modernization plans, including our Make in India mission in defence sector.
From now onward, more than schooling, we will have to lay stress on learning.
Today, my dear fellow citizens, I have utmost pleasure in placing before you all my own account on this.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has recalled the courage and compassion of Lord Christ on Good Friday.
In connection with the above fund, the Union Cabinet also accorded its approval to the following:
I convey my sincere regards to the government of Uttarakhand for organising this event.
The modern tools of communication have enabled 1.25 billion people of India and the friendly people of Sri Lanka to join us in this celebration.
Thus, we are fortunate to be sailing in the right direction.
They can implement through insurance company or directly through Trust/ Society or a mixed model.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of noted music composer, Shri Ravindra Jain.
They will not support dishonesty.
Our cooperative endeavours in Afghanistan should contribute to its infrastructure and institutional capacity, and self-propelling engines of growth.
But, better late than never!
(31). Incentive amount for construction of one unit of IHHL in urban and rural areas should be equal and enhanced to Rs 15,000/- in both urban and rural areas.
We want to lead our country towards the path of development by following the mantra of connectivity.
The Tax Inspectors Without Borders (TIWB) Programme which is jointly launched by UNDP and OECD is intended to support developing countries to strengthen national tax administrations through building audit capacity and to share this knowledge with other countries.
• Remove market uncertainty by allowing pass through for impact of any change in domestic duties, levies, cess and taxes in competitive bid projects.
The MoU was signed on 10th March, 2018.
He said that keeping in mind the needs of the country and the challenges facing it, the various institutions of governance should support and strengthen each other.
This partnership was further elevated to the level of a Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership on 21 December 2010.
The Prime Minister called for a mass movement to be generated for water conservation and rainwater harvesting in a comprehensive manner, and said youth organizations including NCC, NSS, NYKS, and Scouts and Guides should be involved in creation of water storage structures.
Congratulations to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and her entire team at Ministry of External Affairs and diplomatic missions for their untiring efforts that have led to India’s re-election to ICJ.
Currency devaluation and sharp increase in oil prices are challenging the profits earned over the past few years.
Union Ministers, and officials from the NITI Aayog were also present on the occasion.
India moved up nineteen places on the World Bank Logistics Performance Index of 2016.
An initial limit of one Chairperson and not more than ten Members was provided in the Act, keeping in view the requirement of creating a Principal Bench, other Additional Bench or Mergers Bench, comprising at least two Members each, in places as notified by the Central Government.
He will also unveil several other development projects in the three states.
In 2013-14, India commissioned 947 megawatts of solar power plants.
This would enable Ministry of Railways to accelerate the redevelopment of major stations across the country on an overall cost neutral basis.
SFAC has promoted about 650 FPOs across the country with the membership of over 6.60 lakh farmers up to Dec, 2017.
27. Meeting of BRICS Working Group on Environment (15 September 2016, Goa) 28.
India and Japan have made significant progress in the last decade in fostering joint efforts towards shared security since the announcement of the India-Japan Joint Declaration on Security Cooperation in 2008.
A simple, peace loving personality, Morarjibhai was one of the most disciplined leaders.
However, today, the same people and institutions have been saying with a lot of confidence that our reform momentum has been strengthening our fundamentals.
He noted the growing convergence between India and US, and the strengthening of their Strategic Partnership.
“Spoke to Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis on the situation arising due to incessant rain in Mumbai and surrounding areas.
We will also pursue this in G20.
PM will also digitally launch various projects under RashtriyaUchchatarShikshaAbhiyan (RUSA).
These include the International Rice Research Institute in Varanasi, cargo centres in Varanasi and Ghazipur, fertilizer plant in Gorakhpur, and Bansagar irrigation project.
And, no one can do this better than you.”
Appreciating the leadership role played by Indonesia and India as previous Chairs of the Indian Ocean Rim Association (IORA) to build a more peaceful, stable and prosperous Indian Ocean region through enhanced cooperation as mandated in the Jakarta Concord and Plan of Action as the results of the IORA Leaders’ Summit held in March 2017 in Jakarta to commemorate the 20th Anniversary of the IORA;
For these purposes the Sides maintain cooperation between the National Rail and Transportation Institute (Vadodara) of the Republic of India and the Russian University of Transport (MIIT).
The Prime Minister said that as infrastructure projects get completed, it will become even easier to do business in India, and expenditure incurred on logistics will reduce.
My dear countrymen, one gets a special pleasure in giving, one may not realize it, but the pleasure of giving is divine.
In order to strengthen the scheme, Government is working towards skill development to ensure faster, and quality construction of houses.
I am also delighted to reciprocate President Michel’s exceptional hospitality in March, this year.
With the approval, now, of the procedure and mechanism for sale of enemy shares an enabling framework has been institutionalized for their sale.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval on the Constitution of the 21st Law Commission of India, for a period of three years w.e.f.
At Varanasi, Allahabad, Kanpur, Patna – trash skimmers have been deployed which clean the river while floating on it.
2-3 winners per ANIC would be selected and receive a grant of upto Rs 1.0 crore in 3 tranches based on review and evidence of planned milestones achieved.
The MoU was signedin July 2018 during the State visit of President of Korea to India.
In the BIMSTEC Leaders’ Retreat 2016, held in Goa on 16th October 2016, the Leaders decided to expedite the signing of the MoU on BIMSTEC Grid Interconnection.
We in India are proud of the fact that it was from this land that Gautama Buddha gave the world the tenets of Buddhism.
The other infrastructure facilities like building and training hostel are being established.
Now it is the need of the hour for you all to play an active role in producing a new business culture.
My young friends!
So I’m excited to hear today about how you see these goals, and why the world should be optimistic about the future of India.
With a view to reducing the redundancy of the provisions of their representation, the Central Government has decided to delete these provisions so that their representation does not remain mandatory any more.
We are prepared to do more to strengthen our trade.
The Prime Minister said that the Chabahar port, being developed with Indian participation in Iran, would further spur the growth of Kandla Port.
Examples such as Prince Kumar of Delhi, whose father is a DTC bus driver, Abhay Gupta of Kolkata who studied on foothpaths under street lights, Bitiya Afreen Sheikh of Ahmedabad, whose father drives an auto rickshaw, Nagpur’s daughter Khushi, whose father is a school bus driver, Karthik of Haryana, whose father is a watchman or Ramesh Sahu of Jharkhand, whose father is a brick-kiln labourer… or Gurgaon’s divyang angel Anushka Panda, who suffers from a hereditary disorder called spinal muscular atrophy… all of them overcame each & every obstacle through their firm resolve and Zeal, attaining success for the world to see.
He described India and Saudi Arabia as old friends, ready to take bold new steps to a golden future.
PM will visit the Swachh Sundar Shauchalay exhibition at Kurukshetra and address a public gathering.
Several districts of Arunachal Pradesh have also been brought out of the purview of the Armed Forces Special Power Act.
And that’s how society can come together and achieve the shared goals.
He said, “This is one more example of improving ease of living to our citizens.”
In return, I was overwhelmed by the generous affection and warmth of the Israeli people, led by my friend, Bibi.
The Council shall, from time to time, review the implementation of the projects/schemes included in the project; recommend effective measures for coordination among the state Governments for these projects etc.
It is very important to understand the questions.
It was formed in 1939.
We wish to express our appreciation for the opportunity of a Summit between BRICS and BIMSTEC Leaders to discuss matters of mutual interest and exchange views on important global and regional issues including the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
They should be facilitators and guides, driven by norms of self-disclosure and transparency, instead of top-down command and control.
My dear countrymen, the common man of this country is always looking for a chance to do something for the country.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
We are also committed to working with the EU to further deepen our cooperation in strengthening our trade and investment flows.
Economic liberalism and globalization have drastically increased the ability to park profits of crime anywhere in the world.
It will also accelerate the economic development of the region.
The Prime Minister paid homage at the statue of Mahatma Gandhi in Parliament Square.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the MoU between India and the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland on the return of Illegal Migrants.
Today, the country is scaling new heights of development.
The Prime Minister said that the forces of humanity across the world must now unite against terrorism.
In 2014-15, India contributed 7.4% of global GDP in purchasing power terms.
I believe that not only will our country progress, but due to the success of Forty two to Forty seven, many countries of the world have benefited, the ardour of freedom arose, the strength was re-gained.
This requires businesses and industry in all five countries to scale up their engagement.
The Trust decided to add many more tourist attractions.
All this shows the depth of our understanding and the comfort and confidence which we have with each other.
My best wishes to all the students who’re going to appear for their examinations, their parents and all the teachers as well.
This is bridging the digital and economic divide in Indian society in general; and rural society in particular.
The Prime Minister also laid the foundation stone of various drinking water schemes.
The Prime Minister spoke about the bus accident involving some people who were coming to attend this event.
Women’s skills development and empowerment
It will channelize Gol funds as well as institutional funds while ensuring that the various corridors are properly planned and implemented keeping in view the broad national perspectives regarding industrial and city development, and will support project development activities, appraise, approve and sanction projects.
On the one hand, the budget covers aspects such as health plans to address the concerns of the poor and middle class, while on the other hand it has plans to increase the wealth of small entrepreneurs in the country.
(a) Banning of Unregulated Deposit Schemes Bill, 2018 in parliament &
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Y4D New India Conclave in New Delhi.
We work with partners like Vietnam to build mutual capabilities.
The problem is that we are unable to fully comprehend it even amongst those around us, and perhaps we also hesitate to talk about it openly, with our family and friends.
The Prime Minister gave the examples of many leaders in the country today, who have risen to high positions from extremely humble backgrounds.
Any increase in yields due to an increased demand for loanable funds in the market from Centre and States combined would be marginal.
I know that financial markets attach a lot of importance to the budget.
As a result, construction of the balance 69 bridges will be undertaken under Government of India’s assistance.
Meeting of BRICS Education Ministers (30 September 2016, New Delhi) 6.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the date of its signing and shall remain in force for a period of five (5) years, being automatically extended for a subsequent periods of five (5) years.
India is a “guest country” at the SPIEF this year, and Prime Minister Modi is the “Guest of Honour.”
Today, we have launched the ‘Innovation for Defence Excellence’ scheme.
24. Continue to promote private sector engagement and strengthen business-to-business relations, including through the ASEAN-India Business Council, and encourage trade events to promote brand awareness of ASEAN and India products and services to further broaden and deepen economic linkages.
“Congrats for the Silver, P V Sindhu.
He mentioned the efforts to provide a home to all, to provide electricity to all, and towards road connectivity and digital connectivity.
A complete ‘Make in India’ initiative, the conversion is an Indian R&D innovation for the entire world.
There is new energy and purpose that has in-vigorated our ties over the last few years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Poland for the Promotion of Civil Aviation Cooperation.
From the richness of our heritage; and, the commitment to our planet;
The Prime Minister announced some new initiatives.
Our country is also using Space Technology in devices employed in saving assets and life.
Adopting UDAY is optional for States, but provides the fastest, most efficient and financially most feasible way for providing 24X7 Power for All.
The Prime Minister said that India once had well planned urban spaces.
Thus, if the above activities are regulated by any financial sector regulator, then foreign investment upto 100% under automatic route shall be allowed; and, if they are not regulated by any Financial Sector Regulator or where only part is regulated or where there is doubt regarding the regulatory oversight, foreign investment up to 100% will be allowed under Government approval route, subject to conditions including minimum capitalization requirement, as may be decided by the Government.
ii. Financial inclusion; and
“Today is a special day- we mark the 20th anniversary of BIMSTEC.
The people of India also join the friendly people of Thailand in praying for the long, prosperous and peaceful reign of the new king, His Majesty King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun.
We already provide visa on arrival facilities to citizens of Japan and now after the collaboration between India Post and Japan Post we are going to introduce a Cool Box Service so that the Japanese people living in India can directly get their favorite food from Japan.
Certainty ot supply of surplus power to India by Bhutan from MHEP.
My dear countrymen, one of Gandhiji’s mantras is very relevant event today.
We welcome it.
The Prime Minister said that the aspirations of people are rising, and they want i-ways, gas grids, water grids, and optical fibre networks in addition to conventional infrastructure.
In our shared objective to combat these challenges, India is particularly grateful to Thailand for its assistance and cooperation.
The region also shares historical and traditional bonds with ASEAN countries, and has the potential to be India’s springboard to the ASEAN region.
Now, for such businesses income from digital transactions will be calculated at 6%.
Breaking the law is not a viable alternative.
Prime Minister also underlined that in Dadra and Nagar Haveli alone , 13000 women have been provided Free Gas Connections.
We remember his outstanding service to the nation.
In his remarks at the special session, the Prime Minister emphasized the need for new initiatives in all areas of governance, using space technology applications.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry areas under this project.
He was a stalwart of India’s legal fraternity.
Swami Vivekananda did not believe in sermonising, the Prime Minister said.
The identified areas of cooperation include high speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure, etc.
My dear fellow citizens, I will surely meet you all once in the evening on this important occasion of Panchayati Raj Divas today.
I have returned from Aligarh, just a little while ago.
The Prime Minister’s engagements in this period will cover aspects as diverse as infrastructure, railways, textiles, financial inclusion, environment and sanitation, animal husbandry, culture and spirituality.
He said extent of damage would be assessed in both rural and urban areas, and both short and long term measures would be put in place.
The Prime Minister said that big data analysis, artificial intelligence, block-chain etc should be utilised in the agricultural sector, especially to help the farmers with relatively small farm-holdings.
Just as a sea is formed by collection of tiny drops, similarly,a small constructive step, plays a vital role in creating a positive environment.
2. The two leaders shared their view that in order to achieve this shared vision, India and Japan must endeavour to work together for a rules-based and inclusive world order that fosters trust and confidence by enhancing communication and connectivity to ensure rule of law, unimpeded trade and flow of people, technology and ideas for shared prosperity.
However, I can happily say that even now I receive a hand written letter every month from one of my teachers, who has turned 90 now.
Afroz Shah, and felicitate this people’s movement.
Non-violence was integral to his worldview.
The report was accepted by the then Ministry of Welfare and forwarded to DoPT which issued an OM dated 08.09.1993 on exclusion from the Creamy Layer.
Similarly, for India, I see Ireland as a vital gateway to Europe and a bridge across the Atlantic.
We will broaden cooperation in designing, developing, manufacturing and bringing to foreign markets high-technology products and strengthen scientific collaboration in areas such as space technology, aviation, new materials, agriculture, information and communication technologies, medicine, pharmaceuticals, robotics, nanotechnology, supercomputing technologies, artificial intelligence and material sciences.
It will act as a Technology Resource Partner for implementing identified projects in manufacturing.
To this end, they decided to strengthen the Closer Development Partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, in pursuit of national modernization and greater prosperity for their peoples.
A proud nation celebrates its 70th Independence Day tomorrow.
I realized that the true function of a lawyer is to unite the parties involved in a dispute.
They also agreed to hold the next Joint Committee Meeting led by the foreign ministers of the two countries in 2018 in order to review the areas of cooperation and the implementation of the Action Plan of the Comprehensive Strategic Partnership for the period of 2017-2020.
None of this would have been as effective without the other big change brought about by fintech – the digitisation of payments and transactions in India.
I learnt that on 17th November, a marriage was solemnised with ‘Chai Par Charcha’ in Surat.
The subject about which most of the people from across the country have written is “Our revered AtalBehari Vajpayee”.
In his passing away, the country has lost a veteran and distinguished leader, affectionately called as the Chief Minister of commoners.
We will launch new initiatives in Goa even as we mark the successful operationalization of initiatives like the BRICS New Development Bank and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement.
Abhishek has himself narrated his excitement.
It is often seen that girls are not encouraged much to participate in sports such as Kabaddi.
People from the forces could be invited to schools and colleges to share information about the forces.
We were consistent in our message that it is not enough to speak of targets and restraints.
The two countries set the target of one million Indian tourists in France and 335,000 French tourists in India by 2020.
In this context, the topics of globalization and migration must be addressed through better multilateral coordination and cooperation.
We have to think of ‘Badal Sakta Hai’- this attitude will help us as a nation.
Excellency Sirisena and Friends,
• We have not been lucky with global trade or growth.
Now that she has a large sum of money in her hand, her work is going on smoothly.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri Bajrang Punia for securing the Gold in Asian Wrestling Championship.
If we talk of Assam alone, 86% of the population lives in rural areas.
The proposed MoU will contribute to create opportunities for collaboration in areas such as exploitation of hydrocarbons and other marine resources, as well as management of ports and tourism development for the mutual benefit of all stakeholders within the framework of the Joint Task Force (JTF).
We can see in “Swachhata Hi Sewa” movement as to how the electronic media and the print media in our country can render a big service to the country.
MoU between Sports Authority of India (SAI), India and University of Tsukuba, Japan for academic exchanges and sports cooperation
For India, a target of 175 GW of additional capacity in renewable energy by 2022 and reduction in emission intensity of 33-35 % by 2030 are just two of the steps of a comprehensive strategy.
We intend to further foster development of tourism and people-to-people contacts, including by easing the visa regime.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his greetings and best wishes to the new Government of Nepal.
But very few people know the fact that the slogan, ‘Quit India’ was coined by Dr. Yusuf Meher Ali.
My Singaporean Friends,
“Balram Jakhar ji was a popular leader who enriched our Parliamentary democracy in his long political journey.
He also explained the various spin-off benefits, including on health and tourism that can accrue through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
He will also lay the Foundation Stone for a number of development projects.
It is not intended for only manufacturing for the domestic market or import substitution.
And see doing this will enhance your strength manifold.
b) Sharing of expertise on use of Information Technology (IT) in examination processes, Computer Based Recruitment Tests and Examinations, sharing of experience in Single Window System for expeditious scrutiny and speedy disposal of cases, building merit based staffing system, etc.
4. Exchange of experience in the field of seed production based on modern technology; exchange of information concerning certification of seed in accordance with the legislation of the States of the Parties; exchange ofsamples of seeds on beneficial terms.
In order to ensure more beds, more hospitals and more doctors, Government has opened 92 medical colleges and increased MBBS seats by 15000.
The Prime Minister inaugurated a mega credit camp for Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana at Dumka, and handed over loan documents and Mudra cards to 5 beneficiaries.
I will also be honoured to visit the Constitutional Hill and Nelson Mandela Foundation where I would pay my tributes to an icon of human history, who made his country and the world a much better place.
Japan today is one of the most trusted partners in India’s economic and technological modernisations and one of the top investors in India.
We have also stepped up the fight against black money and corruption.
After all, these schemes are meant for common man, the poor people.
We have revamped our upstream policies and regulations.
Digital transactions have increased by 34 per cent in one year, as we march towards a less-cash economy.
Ekta Bhyan, another daughter of the country, in response to my letter, has emailed me from Indonesia, where she is now preparing for the Asian Games.
After dinner, the entire family can go for a walk with the children.
Even today, this state boasts of being the origin of the highest number of our people living and working abroad.
The process for testing and certification for automobiles is proposed to be regulated more effectively.
PM said that Ayushman Bharat Scheme will create an entirely new ecosystem which helps to create healthier India.
The Prime Minister was informed of the use of innovative best practices in PMGSY, to further speed up the rural road construction progress.
This makes me believe that the momentum gained in this effort can change things to a large extent provided it is taken into action in a refined and time bound manner by 2019.
5. Memorandum on Student Exchange between Hiroshima University, Japan and CSIR-Central Mechanical Engineering Research Institute (CSIR-CMERI) (January 2018).
We have launched an on-going campaign against tax evasion and black money.
They also regarded tourism as an area with huge untapped potential and shared views to make efforts to enhance two-way flows, including through further easing of the visa requirements and tourism promotions.
Across the world, that vision is rapidly changing into reality.
Venerable Monks, Excellencies and Friends,
Today, 75 years later the issues are different.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, and the President of the Republic of South Korea, Mr. Moon Jae-in, today jointly inaugurated a large mobile manufacturing facility of Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd, at Noida.
The objective of this challenge is to invite innovative ideas based on Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things, Big Data Analytics, Blockchain and other cutting edge technology to reform Government processes.
Outlining his vision for farmers overall welfare in the country, Prime Minister said that government is working towards doubling the farmer’s income by 2022 and to provide farmers maximum price of their produce.
IWAI will develop the feasible stretch of National Waterways for shipping and navigation purpose through mobilization of financial resources.
Government of the Kingdom of Cambodia
Today I salute those brave freedom fighters from the core of my heart on behalf of my countrymen.
He also laid the Foundation Stone for 22 AMRUT projects at various locations.
This pavilion is a window to our heritage and our progress; our traditions and our technology; our aspirations and our achievements.
This is a global phenomenon which all of us are grappling with.
There is hardly any need to explain the importance of water to the people of Saurashtra and Kutch in Gujarat.
Other North Eastern States can take a lead from Sikkim to become Organic States.
SDGs are expected to bring change in the lives of people and the monitoring of progress of implementation of SDGs will benefit the entire nation.
Laying of water pipelines will begin and by the time work is over, there will be so much population there that the pipeline will become insufficient.
74 percent of these loans have gone to women.
Fourth, secure our societies.
Now the technology is in the life of a common person.
These included the Government Civil Hospital, a milk processing plant and some buildings of the Junagadh Agriculture University.
The Commission aims to evolve the principles which would govern pay structure and other emoluments of Judicial Officers belonging to the Subordinate Judiciary of the country.
Governor of Tamil Nadu,
In particular, he appreciated the quality of suggestions that had come from various subject experts.
General President of the Indian Science Congress Association, Professor D. Narayana Rao
Do send in your learning experience, do post your stories, photos and videos.
Your Highness, under your leadership, we have been successful in creating new synergies in our ties.
The number of smartphone users in India is projected to grow to over 500 million by 2018.
At the last minute, just go over the most important things and the things you feel, the topics you feel, you don’t remember very well.
In a reflection of his priorities for the region, PM said, “ Government is committed for the overall development of Eastern India and Bihar.”
The new notification is expected to rejuvenate the coastal areas while reducing their vulnerabilities.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Andaman and Nicobar Islands are not just a symbol of India’s natural beauty, but are also like a place of pilgrimage for Indians.
The Singapore PM writes that Major global trends are reshaping the strategic outlook, presenting both challenges and opportunities.
In India, it is easily acceptable that one God could be worshiped in various forms.
India has become the fastest growing large economy in the world.
The year 2018 is about to conclude.
It will, thus, bring them into the mainstream of financial services and will facilitate transfer of benefits of various subsidy schemes of the Government more efficiently.
He explained how coal shortages have become a thing of the past, and capacity addition in power generation has exceeded targets.
The first Cadre Review of the service was conducted in 1983 and the second and last Cadre Review was conducted in 1991.
He said that when we discuss global relations, we must understand that the whole world is interconnected and interdependent.
Adherence to this vision will be a great service to the people of Tamil Nadu.
A spirit of competitive and cooperative federalism is very good for country.
The construction of new houses has gone up four times in the villages.
Take for instance the case of MSP – economists, farmer organizations, farmers as well as political parties had been demanding, that farmers should get an MSP which is one and a half times of their investment.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today joined the members of the Rajya Sabha, in bidding farewell to the retiring members of the House.
Defence purchases have moved from almost zero to ten billion dollars in less than a decade.
The Cabinet observed two minute silence in her memory and passed a condolence resolution.
For the ‘Team India’ of 1.25 billion countrymen, each and every soldier or jawan is the strength of the Nation, wealth of the Nation and force of the Nation.
Every Indian needs quality health service.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has decided to withdraw the Drugs and Cosmetics (Amendment) Bill, 2013, which had been introduced in the Rajya Sabha on 29.08.2013.
Today is the era of competition.
Sushil Koirala ji’s simplicity holds lessons for all of us.
TMC under the aegis of DAE has been extending financial and technical support to the institute since 1989.
Prime Minister Netanyahu and I agreed on the need to do more in this direction.
Somnath has more than 2 million followers on social media.
The homes that lived through dark nights of dread will now be lit by the power of hope.
He said private hospitals too would be part of this scheme.
• 4-laning of Aunta-Simariya section of NH-31 and construction of 6-lane Ganga Setu
• More than 7.5 crore JanDhan accounts receiving DBTs.
My dear countrymen, every child in our country knows the importance of the 2nd of October for our nation.
He will inaugurate a Health and Wellness Centre, which will mark the launch of the Union Government’s ambitious Health Assurance Programme – Ayushman Bharat.
He said that if this spirit prevails, the officers will be able to work with vigour and enthusiasm, and even the question of exhaustion will not arise.
He offered floral tributes to a statue of Babasahed Ambedkar, and participated in the cleanliness drive.
Friends, I am sure, the scientists, researchers and pioneers at this Institute, will have the best interests of the common people of India in their hearts, as they go about their work.
Mere chanting of Cleanliness hymns will be of no use.
The Government of India introduced the scheme of Indian Reserve Battalions in 1971.
I am Happy to be here at Kochi the Queen of the Arabian Sea.
A delegation comprising Muslim Ulemas, intellectuals, academicians and other eminent people called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
Several parts of the country faced natural calamities recently.
Our aim is social justice.
5. Employees’ Mandatory Contribution – 2% of basic pay + DA per month.
Both Prime Ministers welcomed the posthumous reinstatement of Shyamji Krishna Varma to the bar, noting his key role in the Indian independence movement and the inspiration he has provided to subsequent generations.
The Prime Minister assured that a central team will visit the state soon to assess the extent of damage and relief.
On this 26th January let us make an effort that we will respect such great men and keep the premises clean.
He called for detailed analysis of the complaints, so that timely remedial measures are initiated wherever required.
The Prime Minister met the Prime Minister of Sweden, Mr. Stefan Lofven.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has also taken initiatives for the weavers of this region.
Snuff out my youth if you so wish
The programme, despite making moderate gains in arresting the declines in water quality, had certain limitations in implementation.
We have to change laws, eliminate unnecessary procedures, speed up processes and adopt technology.
It does not entail any recurring or non-recurring expenditure on the Government.
State Governments and UT Administrations will be advised to constitute a Committee to examine the cases.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the Foundation Stone of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) at Bathinda in Punjab.
It is the biggest jump by any country this year and a recognition of India’s long term reform trajectory.
He noted its strengths in agriculture.
The new Central Universities in the States of Bihar, Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir (Two), Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Orissa, Punjab, Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu were established under Central Universities Act, 2009.
The G-4 leaders stressed that a more representative, legitimate and effective Security Council is needed more than ever to address the global conflicts and crises, which had spiralled in recent years.
There are many dimensions to this.
These units will serve as anchor customer for this pipeline and ensure its viability.
The Chief Minister of Karnataka thanked the Government of India for the assistance of Rs. 1540.20 crore against the Kharif memorandum, and said that this has been fully utilized to assist the farmers.
The Chief Minister apprised the Prime Minister about the steps taken by Karnataka, for waste water management.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
There were questions whether the infant nation will even reach its teen years.
The provision of soil health cards enables accurate selection of inputs according to the requirements of each field.
One of the notable features eagerly awaited by spectators during the Republic Day Parade is the Flypast comprising the magnificent display of the might of our Air Force through their breath taking aerobatic manoeuvres.
When I get to read in your letters how a rickshaw puller from Karimgunj in Assam, Ahmed Ali, has built nine schools for underprivileged children, I witness firsthand the indomitable will-power this country possesses.
Several parts of the world are still facing very difficult conditions.
Asia still faces wide ranging disparities in access to education, healthcare, financial services and formal employment opportunities.
Efforts by the Governments will not be realized unless business leaders like you share the same dreams.
The Prime Minister directed these processes to be brought in line with global standards, within a reasonable timeframe.
He also dedicated the electrification of Erode-Karur-Tiruchchirapalli and Salem-Karur-Dindigul railway lines to the nation.
Today, I can say 95 per cent of payments have been done.
Foundation stone of Dhule City Water Supply Scheme under AMRUT will be laid by PM.
Honorable Speaker of Wolesi Jirga and the Chairman of Meshraon Jirga,
He said the first pillar is to ask questions (Sawaal).
PM said, “Our weightlifters are in superb form!
(Public Sector, Private Sector and People’s Partnership).
That we should take major inspirational challenges such as deep sea exploration and Cyber Systems.
• Secure its society;
Within four years, we have brought Delhi to the doorsteps of North-East.
Like Gandhiji, Deen Dayal Upadhyayji also talked about the last person at the farthest fringes.
Leveraging technology in such a holistic manner was unthinkable some years ago.
This stress, this tension was evident on their faces also.
This land has a legacy that is unique, he added.
One horse power can carry 4000 Kg load in water whereas, it can carry 150 Kg and 500 Kg by road and rail respectively.
This university is a testimony to the vision of a great generation of Indians.
There are several cases in the annals of Indian judicial history in which conviction was secured solely on the basis of forensic expert opinion.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Yavatmal and Dhule, in Maharashtra, on 16 February 2019.
8. Collaboration in the prevention of NCDs of .mutual interest, such as neurocardiovascular diseases, cancer, COPDs, mental health and dementia, with an emphasis on SDG3 and related factors;
Every Indian, irrespective of region, caste, religion, sect or language, is ever eager to express joy and show solidarity with our soldiers.
Despite two successive years of drought, crop production in the State has been estimated at 95 per cent of the normal.
We have done this bilaterally and through multilateral and regional mechanisms.
Natural calamities seem to be occurring with increasing frequency and intensity across the world.
9. The Prime Minister of India congratulated the people of Maldives for their successful and peaceful transition to democracy.
Our Constitution is all encompassing.
Our mantra is reform, perform and transform.
During and after the presentation, several members of the audience, including the Prime Minister asked questions related to the theme of the presentation, and gave their suggestions.
Why was the Benami property law not enforced earlier?
Indo-UK relations , UK PM’s visit to India and Government’s commitment towards its citizens.
One of the highest bridges in the world having Pier height of 141 meter is being built on Jiribam-Imphal New Line Project.
There are strict provisions for penalties for offences committed against persons with disabilities and violation of provisions of the new law.
“Harness export potential of Indian agriculture, through suitable policy instruments, to make India global power in agriculture and raise farmers’ income.”
This Rurban mission has a clear object of an urbanised village with a Rural soul.
Let us warmly accept the importance of a hundred & twenty five crore countrymen, let us respectfully embrace the Mahaatmya, the divine greatness of a hundred & twenty five crore Indians and we’ll garner strength of immense magnitude.
When the money is spent in the proper manner then a poor household gets the affordable medicine.
It’s the birth anniversary of Honorable Bapu Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his twenty-eighth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
When a game is being played, the spectators too experience a rush of energy in their beings.
This section is a part of 190 km long Hubli – Chikjajur Doubling project and is located on Bengaluru – Hubballi route of South Western Railway.
The foundation of religion, philosophy and literature established during the Bhakti Aandolan, inspires us even today.
d) Digitization of records, storage and display of historical records.
It makes me immensely happy that teachers and students who have had successful careers, as also parents and social thinkers, have shared their experiences and suggestions with me.
Prime Minister also announced that Anganwadi workers and helpers using techniques such as Common Application Software (ICDS-CAS), would get additional incentives.
ISA was launched jointly by the Prime Minister of India and the President of France on 30th November, 2015 at Paris on the side-lines of the 21st CoP meeting of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
The Prime Minister spoke of the target of doubling farm incomes by 2022, and said this requires a targeted approach in several key areas.
He said political parties and chambers of industry should keep in mind the country’s requirements and the feelings of the people, and work accordingly.
Bilateral Trade during the year 2006-07 was US$ 2.3 billion.
The Prime Minister said that this gathering of Dalit Entrepreneurs is one which has not just talked about their duties, but has successfully fulfilled duties.
“My forthcoming visit reminds us of the deep and centuries old connect between our societies.
Each economic age has been defined by disruption of the previous one, by the evolution of ideas and products that displace the old ones.
Citizen reporting can be an important tool in the sharing and dissemination of success stories of individuals.
The Framework Agreement will enable pursuing the potential interest areas of cooperation such as space science, technology and applications including remote sensing of the earth; satellite communication and satellite-based navigation; space science and planetary exploration; use of spacecraft and space systems and ground system; and application of space technology.
7. Memorandum of Agreement on Academic and Educational Exchange between Indian Institute of Technology Delhi, India and Hiroshima University Japan (May 2018).
This will be Shri Narendra Modi’s first visit to the town, since assuming the office of Prime Minister.
Based on the current excellent relations, the Leaders agreed to maintain regular exchange of visits at all levels of the political parties, Governments, legislative institutions and provinces/States and between the people of both countries.
Approval of the Cabinet has been granted in respect of Mutual Recognition Agreement (MRA) between ICAI and SAICA to establish a mutual co-operation framework for the advancement of accounting knowledge, professional and intellectual development, advancing the interests of their respective members and positively contributing to the development of the accounting profession in South Africa and India.
I say what is wrong in it.
Whether spreading messages of peace, or campaigning for women’s rights, of children’s development, or Digital India, it’s fitting that the leader of the world’s largest democracy is also setting the example for all world leaders for how they should connect with their citizens in the future.
In this difficult moment, India and ASEAN are two bright spots of optimism.
As per paragraph 6(1) of the Fifth Schedule {Article 244(1)} to the Constitution of India, the expression ‘Scheduled Areas’ means ‘such areas as the President may by order declare to be Scheduled Areas’.
He said each archaeological discovery, painstakingly made by archaeologists over long periods of time, has its own story to tell.
2. Providing updates on the development of the accountancy profession in India, and promote international good professional practices;
He spoke of initiatives taken for improving road and rail connectivity in the region.
Mr. Lee sang Jik, President, Small and Medium Business Corporation
India’s nearly 2 billion dollar development assistance is touching the lives of the common man of Myanmar.
And in very little time, he understood that he had been looted!
We have to publicize such news.
He said this sense of belongingness is evident for India, in Nepal.
The Prime Minister was apprised of the status of mobile connectivity across the country.
PM bows to all brave soldiers who fought for the Motherland, on the 50th anniversary of 1965 war
Dedication to Nation of National Cancer Institute, Bhadsa, Jhajjar
Early this morning, he visited his Mother, Hira Ba, at Gandhinagar, to take her blessings.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
President Ghani and I have converged on the priority of strengthening trade and transport linkages with other partners in the region.
Prime Minister expressed satisfaction at the progress in bilateral defence cooperation between the two countries, and expressed hope that discussions with the framework of the Defence Technology and Trade Initiative between the two countries would progress along his vision of ‘Make in India’ in the defence sector.
The first meeting of the India-Spain CEOs Forum will be held on the sidelines of my visit.
A maximum of 3000 Fellows would be selected in a three year period, beginning 2018-19.
At the same time, I would also request the Japanese business community to open more Japanese restaurants in India!
4. Today, more than Karya, I want to talk about Karya Sanskriti of the Government
Since the council was created fifty years ago, India has made rapid strides in this industry.
He said that our confidence and resolve towards cleanliness is sky-high.
They will significantly augment the availability of energy in the city, and the region.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, delivered an address in the Lok Sabha, on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement.
Today, I publicly express my heartfelt gratitude to all MP’s.
Two years since the adoption of UN’s 2030 Agenda and its 17 Sustainable Development Goals, the imperative of collaborative action to achieve the goals is even stronger.
He said outcome oriented momentum is perceptible in relations between the two countries.
Digitization of land records has been completed in all major ports.
This has been a historic step since independence for the welfare of farmers.
This has been a journey dedicated to the Nation.
The message that our Constitution conveys is that no one should be harmed in any way.
The ER includes Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) and Enhanced Gas Recovery (EGR), Unconventional Hydrocarbon (UHC) production methods include Shale oil and gas production, tight oil and gas production, production from oil shale, gas hydrates and heavy oil.
I wish President Lukashenku a memorable stay in India.
Foundation Stone for water supply schemes in areas inhabited by Particularly Vulnerable Tribal Groups will also be laid by PM.
And, at every step of your journey, India will be with you.
India saw how some people are so deeply opposed to development:
This is a state-of-the-art world class telescope, which will contribute to observations for several frontline scientific applications.
The Prime Minister said it was his privilege to be in Mhow on this auspicious day.
I understand that a portal is being developed for sharing of scientific infrastructure that would allow transparent and efficient tagging and sharing of resources.
They have begun taking risks and often prefer to become Entrepreneurs.
I was told that in Devas district of Madhya Pradesh, the Gorva Gram Panchayat took up the drive to create farm ponds.
Societies must reach out within and to each other.
It is indeed a great honour for me to welcome you here today.
Distinguished Delegates from India and abroad
At the beginning of my visit, I will go to Piskarovskoye Cemetery to pay homage to those who perished during the siege of Leningrad.
Coming to Demography, ours is a nation of vibrant youth.
To serve the cause of peace.
Let me repeat what I said in Seychelles: Your country shows that size is no barrier to the scale of achievements.
He said that with the dedication of these projects to the nation, there was joy (Anand) across the country and all-round joy (Sarbanand) in Assam.
• A major impact of advancing the budgetary process by a month has been that the funds allotted to several departments for various schemes reached before the monsoon season.
We call on the international community to assist the government and the people of Afghanistan with the objective of working towards the realisation of peace.
Joint Interpretative Declarations/Statements in general play an important supplementary role in strengthening the investment treaty regime.
The Joint Working Group shall meet once in a year, alternately in India and France.
India built 1.75 lakh kilometres of rural roads in the last 4 years.
The proposed increase in the authorized capital would enable NABARD to respond to the commitments it has undertaken, particularly in respect of the Long Term Irrigation Fund and the recent Cabinet decision regarding on-lending to cooperative banks.
Today, I had the honour of visiting the Ramakrishna Mission and unveiling the statue of Swami Vivekananda.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the CISF personnel on theRaising Day of the Central Industrial Security Force.
He said modern infrastructure has an important role to play in raising the standard of living of the people.
This fight against corruption, this fight against black money is aimed at making the future of the youth of my country.
Beneficiaries also talked about how reduced prices of heart stent and knee transplants have changed their life.
This is what inspires us.
Every parent must be experiencing this.
Let us join this festival of integrity and credibility
I am very happy to note that all our colleagues have expressed one voice and one sentiment.
The move involves payment of annual contribution of US $ 5,00,000 to the International Vaccine Institute (IVI), Seoul, South Korea.
He said the poor are willing to work hard to improve the lives of the future generations.
It is the birthday of our former President, Dr. Radhakrishnan ji.
The Prime Minister said that the Narmada Seva Yatra of nearly 150 days, is extraordinary, even by global standards.
Much of India that we dream of is yet to be built.
“Greetings to NDRF team on their 12th Raising Day celebrations.
At the outset, I express my condolences and sympathies to the families of all those, who have lost their loved ones, or faced immense hardship in the recent incidents of heavy rain and floods in Chennai and other parts of Tamil Nadu.
The human-kind now looks to the Rising East, with the hope to see the promise that this 21st century beholds for the whole world, because the destiny of the world will be deeply influenced by the course of developments in the Indo-Pacific region.
Believe it or not, accounts opened under the Jan Dhan Yojana today have a total balance of almost Rs. 26,000 crores or nearly four billion dollars.
Due to rapid change in telecommunication technology (wire-line to wireless), the demand for telecom cables has been drastically reduced.
In fact, preparations for festivals always begin with cleaning.
That is because in our country justice and injustice are mostly decided on the basis of interview rather than the basis of merit and it is said that the person has failed in the interview.
India stands in solidarity with the people of Sri Lanka.
Gift city will be able to mitigate many of these criticisms.
The market for Organic Dyes, clothes and fabrics made of organic products is growing.
A sum of Rs. 1000 crore has been allocated under the scheme.
Nothing pained him more than mindless conflict that caused human suffering.
Countries have moved beyond stand-alone efforts.
He also stood for the upliftment of the weak, the oppressed and the excluded.
They shall interact with artisans and view a live demonstration of their crafts.
It’s true that I met the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh recently and he told me that they have laid special emphasis on cleanliness.
Excellencies, and Friends,
My Co-Chair President Mugabe,
We agreed that the international community must act with resolve and determination against terror networks and States that harbour them.
Both countries share a history of friendly economic and diplomatic relations.
• MOU on Cooperation in Agricultural Research and Education between the Indian Council of Agricultural Research and the University of Copenhagen, Faculty of Science, Denmark
We should work together to conclude a high quality Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), surpassing the existing AIFTA.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today remotely inaugurated urban development projects at various locations across the State.
All tweets and responses received were really inspiring.
LED bulbs distributed across the country under the UJALA scheme, have resulted in an annual saving of seventeen thousand crore rupees, or nearly 2.5 billion dollars.
In order to ensure retail distribution to the consumers, it was decided to import 5000 tonnes of Tur Dal and 5000 tonnes of Urad Dal by MMTC, a Central PSU.
The proposed MoU will pave way for facilitation and promotion of maritime transport, simplification of customs and other formalities, wherever possible, observed in Ports and facilitation of the use of existing installations for the disposal of waste.
The financing of Indore Metro Rail Project will be partly from Central Government and State Government of Madhya Pradesh on equal equity basis and partly as loan from Asian Development Bank (ADB) and New Development Bank (NDB).
NITs are Institutions of National Importance known to be among the best teaching Institutions in the field of engineering and technology which have made a remarkable presence with their high quality technical education.
This waste deposited in the pit gets completely decomposed in six to twelve months time.
The unique Umang app launched only three months back is already offering 185 Government services.
· 3rd BRICS Water Forum (Pretoria)
The Scheme is presently being operated through the Export-Import Bank of India, which raises resources from the market to provide concessional finance.
Implementation Strategy:
Is an examination, an exam for life, or is it an exam for a particular grade like Class 10 or 12, he asked the gathering.
Further, a teacher’s eligibility test has been proposed in the Bill to assess the standard of teachers before appointment and promotions.
Mr. Satish Kumar from Jammu, received a loan of Rs. 5 lakh.
37. We are taking the nation on a new track (of development) and are moving ahead with speed.
As part of its efforts in seeking international collaboration for initiatives in Good Governance and Administrative reforms, DARPG has so far entered into bilateral MoU with China, Malaysia, Singapore and with Brazil and South Africa (trilateral).
These are the Thane-Bhiwandi-Kalyan Metro; and the Dahisar-Mira-Bhayander Metro.
The Prime Minister said that institutions should be kept above politics, and the Reserve Bank of India should not be dragged into controversy.
It will be equipped for production of cleaner Fuels for India.
The Punjab Government also conveyed its financial concurrence on 26.04.2018.
Further infusion of fund/equity for the purpose of the projects shall be done after approval of the project and its funding at the level of appropriate competent authority.
I am also pained by this.
The MoU was signed on 12th September, 2017 during the visit of President of Belarus to India.
70. We note the steps undertaken on strengthening and ensuring the operational readiness of the BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement (CRA) and welcome the completion of a successful test run of the de-linked portion of the CRA mechanism.
He said that over the last 15 months, the world had changed its attitude of looking at India.
The Minamata Convention on Mercury will further urge enterprises to move to mercury-free alternatives in products and non-mercury technologies in manufacturing processes.
• Ancillary services to support grid operation for expansion of renewable energy.
While the PM will inaugurate the summit on February 21, President Ram Nath Kovind will be present at the closing ceremony.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need to further increase public awareness and participation in the task of cleaning the River Ganga.
Addressing a public gathering at Aaure village on the outskirts of Varanasi, PM said that his Government is working on two fronts to give a boost to development.
And in doing so, continue to maintain the highest standards of professionalism, ethics, and objectivity.
One Point Five lakh Health & Wellness Centres are being set up to provide comprehensive primary care and preventive health services.
5. To recognize that tourism is a means to foster relationship between peoples of the two countries.
“Greetings to the teaching community on the special occasion of Teachers Day.
A group of about 30 “solar mamas” from Tanzania and a few other African countries demonstrated their skills in fabrication, repair and maintenance of solar lanterns and household lighting systems to the Prime Minister today.
He said the Integrated Check Post at Moreh will facilitate custom clearance, foreign currency exchange, immigration clearance etc.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana, we have supported up gradation of Government Medical Colleges across India.
Setting up of new AIIMS would transform the health care facilities, health education and training in the region.
MGISC has been a 4-day international conference that has brought together Sanitation Ministers and other leaders in WASH (water, sanitation and hygiene) from around the world.
He said that Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rehman is respected equally in both India and Bangladesh.
It has historically contributed to Asia in several ways.
It gives us such a great happiness and a sense of pride to know that the common man in my country has such a wonderful capability.
We have just had an excellent meeting of CEO Forum.
Now that we are talking about health, 7th April is World Health Day.
Each and every one of them also resolved to carry this mission forward.
Personally too, I have strived to lend momentum to this campaign.
The Prime Minister mentioned other reforms such as the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
A sustainable future for this planet will depend not only on what we do on land, but also on how we treat our oceans.
The signing of the proposed MoU will enhance bilateral cooperation between the two countries in the areas of traditional medicine and homoeopathy.
– to be the Government’s link to the outside world, outside experts and practitioners;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Monday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors including petroleum and natural gas, power, renewable energy and housing.
The Ministry of AYUSH of the Republic of India having the mandate to promote, propagate and globalize the Traditional Systems of Medicine including Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha, Sowa-Rigpa and Homoeopathy has taken effective steps by entering into MoU with the Government of Malaysia, Government of Trinidad & Tobago, Government of Hungry, Government of Bangladesh, Government of Nepal, Government of Mauritius, Government of Mongolia, Government of Iran for Cooperation in Traditional Medicine.
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
If I may elaborate on this, MSP will include labour cost of other workers employed, expenses incurred on own animals and cost of animals and machinery taken on rent, cost of seeds, cost of each type of fertilizer used, irrigation cost, land revenue paid to the State Government, interest paid on working capital, ground rent in case of leased land and not only this but also the cost of labour of the farmer himself or any other person of his family who contributes his or her labour in agricultural work will also be added to the cost of production.
• All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Deoghar
This product of Indo-Belgian collaboration is an inspiring example of what our partnership can achieve.
Its impact on the development of Indian music is profound.
Now with the setting up of 1.5 lakh wellness centres and the Ayushmann Bharat, we are working simultaneously to ensure health for all.
The total completion cost of the metro rail corridor will be Rs.11,420 crore.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for determination of marketing margin for supply of domestic gas to urea and LPG producers.
Everything is done through technology.
And each political party felt that if they had to politically approach the middle class society, then gas cylinder was a major issue.
Some of you may have seen there how the garbage of villages gets converted to wealth.
With this Amendment in the First Schedule of Industries (Development and Regulation) Act, 1951, a long standing confusion about jurisdiction of Central and State – Government on Alcohol – Potable Alcohol and Industrial Alcohol has been resolved.
I am happy that this Exhibition has been planned at the Science City which connects community to science.
Similarly, each district can also select some food items for production, and one item for specialisation.
A very important event took place recently.
I request you to join me in raising a toast:
In addition the centre has approved Rs.4700 crores for Tamil Nadu.
The Prime Minister spoke of his vision of doubling farmers’ incomes by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
My dear countrymen, I had started ‘Mann Ki Baat’ on Vijayadashmi two years ago.
Thanks, you have rightly said it and I believe that Swachch Bharat and Swasth Bharat are supplementary to each other.
v) The designated Airline of each party can enter into cooperative marketing arrangements with the designated carriers of same party and other party.
We have to move forward with this belief and commitment.
It can also be a bridge for Korean business to penetrate the Middle East and African markets.
My dear young friends, the country celebrates National Sports Day on the 29th of August.
The Cabinet also approved the payment of Performance Related Pay (PRP) to executives and non-unionised supervisors of CIL and its subsidiaries.
My fifth meeting with President Macri today reflects the fast and growing importance of bilateral engagement between the two countries.
This project will provide a big boost to irrigation in the region, and will be greatly beneficial for the farmers of Mirzapur and Allahabad districts of Uttar Pradesh.
India is committed to remain a partner in Cambodia’s economic development and looks forward to further deepen its traditional ties.
It is my Government’s priority to nurture these links.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today emphasized that India must remember the glorious heritage of the freedom struggle, and ensure that the legacy of the struggles and achievements of our freedom fighters is passed on to succeeding generations.
It also focuses on improving last mile connectivity and non-motorised transportation systems in the inner city.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to Maulana Abul Kalam Azad and Acharya JB Kripalani on their birth anniversaries.
• This will help to develop institutional networking and support the establishment of connections between scientific organizations, scientists and specialists of India and Canada.
Ujjwala Yojna for Clean Energy, Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojna for Financial Inclusion reflect this spirit.
Government of India has also appealed to the corporate world to come forward in this endeavour.
He said a new lease of life has been given to Alang, and steps taken for the welfare of the labourers working there.
But I am quite convinced that given time and circumstance nothing in the world will be able to prevent this country from becoming united.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
Even the smallest of your suggestions help me in thinking anew on a wide variety of subjects.
Therefore I urge you to engage in ‘Anuspardha’, or ‘competition with self’.
The BTA essentially aims to formalise the existing procedure for cooperation on the return of irregular migrants between the two countries without introducing any additional obligations or exacting timeframes.
“Remembering the noble ideals and pure thoughts of Maharshi Valmiki on Valmiki Jayanti.
The museum will also showcase the heroism, valour and sacrifices made by Indian soldiers during World War-1.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of Department of Heavy Industry for enabling M/s Richardson & Cruddas (1972) Limited (R&C), a Central Public Sector Enterprise, to come out of purview of Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR).
The proposed institution shall have a hospital with capacity of 750 beds which will include Emergency / Trauma Beds, AYUSH Beds, Private Beds and ICU Speciality and Super Speciality beds.
The leaders welcomed that, overall, India has been the number one beneficiary of Erasmus mobility actions in the world since its creation.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank is a result of collaborative efforts of Asian countries to provide a better tomorrow to our people.
It is a practice in the entire country and traditionally we follow this method of burning off the remains of the crops or the straw.
On this occasion, I declare with pride the grant of Permanent Commission for the appointment of women officers in Short Service Commission of Indian Armed Forces.
He said Sufi culture and music should be suitably promoted in each State.
Our BRICS Sherpas have been consulting and cooperating in G20 areas.
Today, we constitute two-fifth of humanity and two of the world’s fastest growing major economies.
The main objective of the Act Is to provide for the establishment of a NCTE to achieve planned and coordinated development of the teacher education system, regulation and ensure proper maintenance of norms and standards in the said system.
There is a huge demand of aggregates in the housing and road sectors but there is significant gap in demand and supply, which can be reduced to a certain extent by recycling C&D waste.
This cooperation will grow.
We are committed to make a peaceful, stable and economically inter-linked world.
One can imagine!
Among other shared interests, we have a common vision for maritime cooperation in the Indo-Pacific.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the loss of lives caused due to cloudburst and heavy rain in Uttarakhand.
I was reminded about 1999 the she stood outside Rashtrapati Bhavan and said- we have 272 and more are joining us.
The MoU will provide a framework for cooperation, and will be mutually beneficial between the two countries for promotion of traditional systems of medicine and homoeopathy.
In rural areas too, people can buy or sell through AEPS and they can also win rewards.
My heartiest new year greetings for Chaitra Shukla Pratipada, Varsh Pratipada, and Nav Samvatsar, which are two days from now.
Just having the best ideas for development are not enough, the Prime Minister said.
We will further offer each other support in the implementation of the UNCAC by creating platforms for exchanging information and exploring convergences in multi-lateral platforms.
In this context, he said the Union Government is paying special attention to the North-Eastern region by boosting infrastructure and connectivity.
The objective of this GFA is to establish the basis for a framework through which extensive projects, investments, other forms of commercial endeavours, cooperation in research and development in renewable and clean energy, and knowledge sharing platforms could be enacted on the basis of mutual benefit, equality and reciprocity between the Parties.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with over 360 Officer Trainees of the 92nd Foundation Course at the Lal Bahadur Shastri National Academy of Administration (LBSNAA) in Mussoorie, Uttarakhand.
The fourth pillar is activity (Sakreeyta).
Your curiosity is but natural; in this age when Radio was fading into oblivion, why did Modi opt for the airwaves?
I know there is deep anger, your blood boils looking at what has happened.
The new service will be called the Indian Skill Development Service (ISDS).
BRICS and G20 countries have to work together to strengthen the UN Counter Terrorism Framework to stop terrorist networks, their financing and their movement.
ii. It was also decided that operating expenses for carrying out due diligence, legal and technical appraisal, convening meeting of Venture Capital Investment Committee, etc. would be met out of the FFS to the extent of 0.50% of the commitments made to AIFs and outstanding.
Both bilaterally and multilaterally, the partnership between India and Brazil is filled with possibilities that we are keen to harvest.
In a way, he created a faith without God, and a faith where divinity is not about looking anywhere outside, but about looking within.
Major international Financial Institutionslike the World Bank and the IMFas well as agencies like Moody’s have expressed confidence in India’s economic journey.
2. The range of quantity of iron ore to be exported under LTA per annum shall be 3.80 million tons (min.) per annum to 5.50 million tons per annum (max.) of both NMDC and non-NMDC origin iron ore with quantitative ceilings for export of Bailadila Lumps at 1.81 million MTs per annum and Bailadila Fines at 2.71 million MTs per annum.
Our sportswomen have done the country proud.
He complimented GFSU for creating an international human resource pool in the fields of criminal investigation and justice delivery.
• The Bill provides for attachment of properties/ assets by the Competent Authority, and subsequent realization of assets for repayment to depositors.
I shall become a capable citizen so that I can serve the country well.
We have launched the massive Namami Gange initiative.
Since Mother Nature has bestowed them for its own conservation, it becomes our bounden duty to conserve them.
Salient features of the agreement are as given below:-
He said India would become the fourth nation in the world to do so.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
The essential features of the Air Services Agreement are as follows:
Recently, major amendments have been made to the Arbitration and Conciliation Act.
More than one crore homes have been built for the poor in the last 4 years.
i. Resource Centre (To Provide Access & Linkages to Institutions in both Countries) ii.
Mr. Shanmugaratnam congratulated the Prime Minister on the successful roll-out of GST.
In her welcome address, External Affairs Minister said India today feels proud under the dynamic leadership of PM Modi.
This is very, very special in itself.
This will minimize vulnerability to any geographic concentration risks faced by subsidiary banks.
Ladies and Gentlemen
His passing away marks the end of an era.
Hundreds years back, our history has such example that our saints had started people’s movement to bring reforms against evils in the society.
Panvel-Karjat double line suburban corridor will cater to the significant urbanization and population growth in recent years in this area.
In our country farmers take up different occupations along with the farming.
Human bonds are the strongest foundation for enduring relations between nations.
There was confusion in everybody’s mind.
You all must be aware that the government has started a website,transforming india.
Many other mementoes fetched an auction value that is several times their base price.
This is a new avenue opened by the government for you people.
They transformed the society through their lives, their teachings and literature.
47 urban institutions had received about 3 to 3.5 thousand crore rupees in taxes last year.
He assured the Chief Ministers from flood-affected States that the Union Government would provide all assistance to them, to deal with the flood situation currently affecting parts of the country.
The MoUs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
And, friends, once you take a vow then I can say with confidence that nobody will try to evade taxes.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved National Policy on Biofuels – 2018.
The Agreement is a testimony to India’s rapidly expanding multi-faceted relationship with France and symbolizes the increasing trust and confidence between the two sides.
The BRICS Films Festival, Trade Fair, Tourism Convention, Sports Council, Football Tournament and other related activities will help in creating millions of young stakeholders that will ultimately carry our partnership forward.
We have received many messages for diluting the provisions and relaxing it.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its for rationalization/merger and modernization of 17 Government of India Presses (GIPs)/Units into 5 Government of India Presses (GIPs) at Rashtrapati Bhavan, Minto Road and Mayapuri, New Delhi; Nashik, Maharashtra and Temple Street, Kolkata, West Bengal.
The Conference was held in Guwahati last year.
Navy ships carried the relief material to the island of Minicoy and also to Kavaratti and Kalpeni islands.
It is one of the simplest keys; you must pay more attention to it.
• Three phases of Mission Indradhanush have been completed and fourth phase is ongoing.
It fits well with the change in the way that world increasingly defines health.
• Foreign Policy magazine of USA has ranked India as number one FDI destination.
The NMEP will benefit the entire mineral sector across the country.
The Cabinet has also given its ex-post facto approval to enhance the superannuation age to 65 years for doctors working in Central Universities and IITs (Autonomous Bodies) under Department of Higher Education and doctors in Major Port Trusts (Autonomous Bodies) under Ministry of Shipping.
Initially we were not aware of the damage.
States that are strong and want to grow further, need to be given adequate authority and resources.
We are in the process of establishing an International Centre of Excellence in Investigation at Ghaziabad.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to the newly elected representatives.
At present, Kendriya Vidyalaya Number 2, Dhar Road, Udhampur has been functioning in temporary buildings ever since its inception in 1985.
My thoughts are with his family and admirers.
They traversed a multitude of oceans, many a sea, over a distance of almost twenty two thousand nautical miles.
While exchanging the expertise and experiences on latest techniques and technologies, both the countries can learn and improve their skills.
Otherwise, the discourse was confined only to the private and the public sector.
They reaffirmed their desire to further deepen bilateral security and defence cooperation and institute Foreign and Defence Ministerial Dialogue (2+2), in addition to existing mechanisms, including the Annual Defence Ministerial Dialogue, Defence Policy Dialogue, the National Security Advisers’ Dialogue, Staff-level Dialogue of each service.
A ‘Yoga Session with Yoga Masters’ was organised at the UN headquarters.
13. In the the last 70 years people’s expectations have changed.
He appreciated the resilience of the people and the fishermen living in the coastal areas.
f) The Appraisal Committee recommending approval of project will be chaired by Secretary, Ministry of Electronics and IT.
All this is also leading to increase in job creation.
These include connecting Kandla to Mumbai and Porbandar to Ahmedabad and Mumbai through UDAN scheme.
· Over the next one year, the capacity of ITIs to be further enhanced from 18.5 lakhs to 25 lakhs and over 5000 new ITIs will be created.
On this day, a youngster aged 18 years, Khudiram Bose, was sent to the gallows.
Hence, for such assets, institutional investment from pension, insurance and sovereign wealth funds are likely to be more forthcoming.
And, when I see your young, eager and intelligent faces, I know why.
India was pleased to stand with you in ensuring that sustainable use of oceans and marine resources constitute a distinct element in the Sustainable Development Goals in the United Nations that were finalised recently.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed happiness at the patient and orderly manner in which the citizens are getting the notes exchanged in banks following the cancellation of the legal tender character of the high denomination bank notes of Rs.500 and Rs.1000.
Foundation Stone of the 9 MMT AVU of the Barauni Refinery Expansion Project was laid by PM.
I have already referred to what has been done in public sector banks.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, dedicated the National Police Memorial to the nation, on Police Commemoration Day, today.
“Shashi Kapoor’s versatility could be seen in his movies as well as in theatre, which he promoted with great passion.
India is negotiating a Free Trade Agreement with the EEU.
Cooperation with Seychelles in blue economy will provide new data on ocean-based resources and also provide for sharing of expertise and technology developed by Indian scientists and research institutes.
The proposed amendments in NABARD Act, include, certain other amendments including changes in long title and certain Sections to bring Medium Enterprises and Handlooms in NABARD’s mandate.
(11). The buyer should be in compliance of the prescribed spectrum caps from time to time.
He said that with the completion of this project, 1.16 Gigawatts of power is now being supplied from India to Bangladesh.
Inflation rate is down.
Seminars, Conferences & Consultations iii.
And this all happened during the period of British rule.
# My name is Santosh Jadhav.
He emphasized that the poor must have access to quality and affordable healthcare.
Those who did not get Talak (divorce) are also sailing in the same boat.
This single intervention has reduced the number of registered consumers claiming gas subsidy by about fifty million.
Today, over three thousand Jan Aushadhi Kendras have been set up across the country.
In fact, both my parents are actually here today.
We have here today our Department of Space that provides free data on its portal.
I strongly condemn such mindless acts of violence.
I also thanked His Highness for allotting land for a temple for the Indian diaspora in Abu Dhabi.
Hon. James KABAREBE, Minister of Defence
The heroes of our freedom struggle with their single-minded devotion did a ‘Tapasya’, endured hardships, made great sacrifices and even laid down their lives; what greater inspiration could there be!
I can list out some of the recent global recognitions: India has moved up in the index of Ease of Doing Business of world Bank; We have moved up 32 places in last two years in the Global Competitive- -ness Index of the World Economic Forum – this is higher than any other country; We have also moved up 21 places on the Global Innovation Index of WIPO, the World Intellectual Property Organization in two years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Turkey on trade in poppy seeds to ensure quick and transparent processing for import of poppy seeds from Turkey.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is also working to ensure a clean Ganga.
You might have seen that a cleanliness survey campaign is also carried out these days.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
This spirit of attachment towards the country and fellow countrymen was deeply imbibed in that great person of a very short physical stature.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for leasing out 1.61 acres of land bearing khasara No.91/15 located at Alipur Delhi, owned by Delhi Milk Scheme to Small Farmers Agribusiness Consortium (SFAC) for setting up of KisanMandi.
He spoke of his engagement on the Chinese social media platform Weibo, and how he had tweeted greetings to the people of Israel, on the occasion of Hanukkah, in Hebrew, on Twitter, and how Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had replied in Hindi.
I felt happy talking to them, but I had a feeling that they felt burdened by the fact that they could not win the World Cup.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding between Ministry of Railways, Government of India and the Federal Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications of Swiss Confederation on Technical Cooperation in Rail Sector.
Our Constitution was adopted on 26th November, 1949.
The mission aims to create 300 such Rurban growth clusters over the next 3 years, across the country.
But I have seen that there is always an emphasis on the topic of cleanliness.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released the book “Moving On, Moving Forward – A Year in Office” to mark one year in office of Vice President Venkaiah Naidu.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ex post facto approval to the revised Office Memorandum (OM) pertaining to the Cabinet Note on “Amendment of Constitution to provide for reservation for Economically Weaker Sections”.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of Department of Health Research, Ministry of Health & Family Welfare to enhance the age of superannuation of General Duty Medical Officers, Specialist Grade doctors and Teaching medical faculty working in Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre, Bhopal to sixty-five years at par with doctors of Central Health Services and doctors working under other Central government hospitals/institutes.
I sincerely hope that this Centre will prove to be a great inspiration for spreading Babasaheb’s teachings.
We want a comprehensive, equitable and durable agreement, which must lead us to restore the balance between humanity and Nature and between what we have inherited and what we will leave behind.
You too forget your sorrow and also do not forget the joy.
They also need policy space.
When nature is at her joyous best, when the season is enchanting, we human beings too enjoy this to the fullest.
Implementation strategy and targets:
The Prime Minister was shown a photo exhibit depicting the ongoing restoration work at the temple.
He appreciated their effort to work together, to use innovative means and technology, to improve the delivery of health and nutrition services and achieve the goal of POSHAN Abhiyan- reduction of malnutrition in the country.
But more than a billion people across the globe still do not have access to electricity.
There are about 7000 blocks in more than 700 districts of India.
Mr. Dongchea Chung, Special Envoy of Mr. Moon Jae-In, President of the Republic of Korea, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Singapore’s success is indeed noteworthy.
I want to thank you from the core of my heart, not because you have been connected with Mann Ki Baat, for such a long time – I want to express my gratitude and indebtedness as millions of people from across the country come together with Mann ki Baat.
Indoor air pollution is also responsible for a significant number of acute respiratory illnesses in young children.
On the side-lines of this event, I hope the delegates joining us from abroad, shall have some time to see the history and splendour of Delhi.
And, we have taken several steps towards eliminating barriers of entry.
The Foundation would provide:
From handicrafts to tourism, the frontiers of possibilities and the scale of reach in India is immense.
More than one lakh houses have been completed in the State of Gujarat.
Veer, why don’t you tell us where you’re from?
He said that the BHIM App for digital transactions, is the Union Government’s homage to the economic vision of Dr. Ambedkar.
The Prime Minister will address the Combined Commanders’ Conference on INS Vikramaditya on 15th December.
You will be surprised to know that terrorists had set his ancestral home on fire in 1990.
Background:-
Besides expediting investments into the Electronics System Design and Manufacturing (ESDM) sector in India, the amendments in M-SIPS are expected to create employment opportunities and reduce dependence on imports.
PM said that use of CNG a clean fuel is being promoted by expanding the coverage of City Gas Distribution (CGD) network in the country.
He will unveil multiple development projects for the state.
I wish all the citizens an auspicious month of Ramazan and I hope this opportunity will inspire people to follow the Prophet’s message of peace and goodwill.
• Because it is an indicator of Good Governance in the Country;
The Prime Minister said he gets new energy when he spends time among the jawans and soldiers of the Armed Forces.
He recalled President Mukherjee’s guidance in the initial days of his Prime Minister-ship, and hoped that the nation would continue to benefit from President Mukherjee’s experience for a long period.
Prime Minister reviewed the activities of NDMA to effectively manage and respond to disasters affecting the country.
The establishment of regional arrangements for mutual assistance in criminal matters will greatly contribute to more effective cooperation in the control of criminal activities.
If such persons refuse or fail to comply with the said order of eviction, Estate Officer may evict them from premises and take possession thereof and may, for that purpose, use such force as may be necessary.
He said this had been thought about for nearly two and a half decades, but not implemented.
President Rouhani and Prime Minister Modi agreed to further intensify and diversify the existing high-level engagement through frequent and wider range of bilateral exchanges at all levels.
From cards to QRs and wallets, digital transactions in India are growing rapidly.
For this purpose, it is proposed to sign an MoU with the Kingdom of Bahrain.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved the transfer of 7.5 acres of A-1 Defence land on lease in perpetuity basis at a nominal rent of Re 1/- per annum to Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan for the construction of Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 4 in Survey No. 408, Jalandhar Cantt.
SDC will undertake the preparation of the detailed master plans for the Coastal Economic Zones (CEZs) identified as part of the NPP and provide a framework for ensuring the integrated development of Indian maritime sector.
My condolences to the family of Karnataka MLA Shri Venkatesh Naik.
There can be no better expression of the ability of science to unify people and advance progress.
He emphasized the importance of breaking silos, and efficient internal communication between various departments of the Government.
Prime Minister has also paid tributes to former President Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan on his Jayanti.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a function organized by the Press Council of India on the occasion of National Press Day.
Addressing the gathering there, the Prime Minister said he is fortunate to have received the blessings of Sree Narayana Guru.
But, we also cannot ignore the safety of our people.
According to oral tradition, Cheraman Perumal was the Chera King and a contemporary of the Holy Prophet who went to Arabia and embraced Islam after meeting the Holy Prophet at Mecca.
So far, the scores in these examinations have been retained by the Government.
Sushma Swaraj, Minister of External Affairs
As a country having more than seventy per cent of the global tiger population, India is committed to complement the initiatives of other Tiger Range Countries.
Ownership of equipment will be transferred to Iranian side on completion of 10 year period or for an extended period, based on mutual agreement.
Let me begin by saluting President Hollande and the people of France for their courage and resolve; and, to the world for coming together for Paris and France.
Some of the specific areas of priority would be hydrography, communications networks, anti-piracy, capacity building, exchanges and defence medical cooperation.
There is a provision of a bumper draw also in that.
Debt of DISCOMs is de facto borrowing of States which is not counted in de jure borrowing.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the Kishanganga Hydropower Station to the nation at a function in Srinagar.
l One idea is to set up Indo-Japan Agricultural Center of Excellence where Japanese technologies are showcased, spread, and products made with these technologies are sold.
But, how can we forget that she is India’s first daughter to qualify in Gymnastics for the Olympics and also to reach the final round.
Our economy needs to be viewed as a subset of a larger economy of natural resources and ecosystem services which sustain us.
The Prime Minister said that Shri Venkaiah Naidu always performed whatever duty he had, with utmost diligence, and adapted into that role with ease.
I am confident that our decisions today will drive our strategic partnership to the next level.
ii) Covering almost all secondary and many tertiary hospitalizations. (except a negative list)
Terrorism has challenged humanity.
So, as you can see, we have many shared practices.
He has written it, and a hand written copy of it is available that one day water will be sold in shops, he wrote this thing 90 years ago.
It is overwhelming to see you all spare your valuable time to attend this auspicious occasion.
How to develop systems for the disabled in government offices and public spaces?
c) This agreement allows designated airlines of either countries to establish offices in the territory of other country for the promotion and sale of air services.
The Prime Minister offered flowers at the altar of the Temple.
It is through our modern temples of science that India is transforming its present and working to secure its future,” the Prime Minister said.
This volume covers the martyrs of Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura.
viii. There is also a provision of Coordination Forum of IIMs as an advisory body.
Modernisation and expansion of forces at the same time is a difficult and unnecessary goal.
Your Excellency, Chief Executive Dr. Abdulla,
• Clear-cut time lines have been provided for attachment of property and restitution to depositors.
I hope you have enjoyed Delhi, Agra and Jaipur and that our team let you shop a bit.
The Agreement is also expected to facilitate trade and ensure efficient clearance of goods traded between the countries.
• The Leaders desired the early convening of the meeting of Biennial Trade Ministers’ Forum (BTMF).
The Prime Minister referred to the age-old links between India and Korea, and recalled Queen Suryaratna who travelled thousands of kilometres from Ayodhya, and married a Korean King.
PM to inaugurate the 9th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit to give a fillip to investments in Gujarat
In addition, Government has also started training female masons in many states, thereby resulting in women empowerment.
For the Earth is our mother!
28. The Sides noted the necessity to further intensify cooperation in the Science and Technology sector and welcomed the successful conduct of the 10th Indian-Russian Working Group on Science and Technology, which is jointly supervised by the Department of Science and Technology of India and the Ministry of Science and Higher Education of the Russian Federation, in February 2018.
These promises will have your pledges and you should fulfill it- .
(a) The minimum assistance from bilateral partner shall be USD 1 billion in a year, of which at least 50% shall be normal untied loans (not special loans).
So, this is our achievement in 2017.
Appreciating the work done by Dr Syedna Mufaddal Saifuddin, Prime Minister said that love and dedication towards the nation are the hallmarks of his teachings.
We are also working on a number of other water projects for 17 cities.
Dr. Jayachandran was known for his efforts of making the most economical treatment possible available to the poor.
1. Revision of pension of pre – 2016 pensioners and family pensioners
The Prime Minister shall then arrive in JanjgirChampa, in Chhattisgarh.
The MoU was signed in New Delhi on 9th July 2018 during the visit of the President of South Korea to India.
He noted that many of the Sustainable Development Goals, which form the core of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, were already being implemented through flagship programmes of Government of India, such as Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan, Make in India, Digital India, Skill India, Smart Cities and Jan Dhan Yojna.
One is the Atal Innovation Mission, after former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayeeji to promote innovation.
We undertook a highly successful financial inclusion programme, bringing over two hundred million unbanked people into the banking system within a span of a few months.
In the end, I would like to take this opportunity to thank you and your Government for protecting Indian Embassy and Consulates and ensuring the safety and security of Indian experts working in Afghanistan.
More than 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts on cooking gas alone.
The benefits arising from such bilateral exchange programmes between both countries would be equally available to all youth irrespective of their caste, religion and gender.
• Being a comprehensive Union law, the Bill adopts best practices from State laws, while entrusting the primary responsibility of implementing the provisions of the legislation to the State Governments.
Both countries are multi ethnic, multi religious, plural and open societies.
India stands shoulder to shoulder with Bangladesh.
He said this model of “Jan-Andolan” should be applied to the country’s development process as well.
In July, I had written a letter to heads of governments of 193 nations outlining India’s vision for UN agenda and reforms.
It brings about peace in the family by uniting the person with the family.
I congratulate the people in the government, government officials and the citizens of Vizianagaram district on this great accomplishment of achieving this feat through immense hard work and setting a very inspiring example in the process.
Today, there is a demand for products with zero carbon footprint.
Under Pradhan MantriSurakshaBima Yojana, people can claim accidental insurance coverage of upto Rs. 2 lakh by paying premium of just Rs. 12 per year.
He inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
Now, I cannot say that if I go somewhere and somebody brings a bouquet I will refuse it.
The Policy seeks to reach everyone in a comprehensive integrated way to move towards wellness.
This is the ninth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes.
“I laud Chancellor Merkel for her vision where German engineering and Indian IT fuse to create world class products.
The estimated project cost is Rs. 338.58 crores and the resource center is expected to be functional by 2018-19.
In that programme on Artificial Intelligence, I urged the scientific community to deliberate on how Artificial Intelligence could help us make life easier for our divyang brothers & sisters.
• Management and mechanism to enrich feed & fodder nutritionally and its bulk transportation in deficit areas to realise higher productivity and production in livestock
Increasing people to people contacts to promote regional economic growth.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the creation of two posts equivalent to Joint Secretary level in the Interpreters’ cadre of the Ministry of External Affairs.
6. Crop contingency plan: Ministry of Agriculture, through ICAR-Central Research Institute for Dryland Agriculture (CRIDA), Hyderabad has prepared detailed crop Contingency Plans for 600 districts.
I join 1.25 billion Indians in once again extending a very warm welcome to all of you in Goa for the eighth (8th) BRICS Summit.
“Tributes to all great personalities who framed our Constitution.
Earlier, the expenditure used to begin after the monsoon and unnecessary pressure was there to spend the money before March.
In a world of resource constraints and competing claims, we have to be smart in defining our priorities.
Out of the 18,000 unelectrified villages in the country, we have already connected more than 7000 villages with electricity.
More than 10 crore people will be benefitted by this programme.
We see a perfect connect between our development needs and Swiss strengths.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to Pakistan Prime Minister, Shri Nawaz Sharif and wished him on his birthday.
Relief efforts have been undertaken on an extensive cale.
· BRICS Legal Forum (Cape Town)
(v). The company will also be required to maintain the R&D expenditure at the maximum level incurred in any of the three financial years immediately preceding the year of induction of FDI.
My aim is to make India a developed country in one generation.
He said these Centres have started functioning in 11 cities, and work is underway in many more cities.
This includes licensing, cross-border trade, security and environmental clearances.
He called upon young scientists to be similarly inspired to achieve and to serve the people through their work.
He said that today’s launch of IPPB is one more step to achieve this objective.
Mr. Helmut Kohl visited India in 1986 and 1993.
1. The present LTAs are valid until 31.3.2018.
In a world marked by reducing growth rates and economic slowdown, India has registered a healthy growth rate of 7.6% this year.
So in your success, remember that you will have the joy and pride, not just of fellow Malaysians, but also of the 1.25 billion Indians.
To our understanding, the necessary conditions to propel the Indian economy to a high growth trajectory do exist today.
I also look forward to useful conversations with my fellow leaders from China, South Africa, Brazil and Russia on addressing pressing international and regional challenges that stand in the way of our goals.
I want to thank Malaysian Government for our strong security cooperation.
It cannot be.
But, you need not limit yourself to that alone.
The Ministry of Railways’ initial paid-up capital will be limited to Rs. 50 crore for each State.
Five presentations on reports of different groups of State Agriculture Ministers, Agriculture Production Commissioners and Agriculture Secretaries were made to the Prime Minister.
He reiterated his view that leaders of neighbouring countries should have a relationship like neighbours, talking and visiting frequently, without getting bogged down by protocol.
ii. If the explorer agencies do not discover any auctionable resources, their exploration expenditure will be reimbursed on normative cost basis.
“Talented and hardworking, Arpinder Singh has secured the Gold in the Men’s Triple Jump event.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
iii. The Election Commission of Bhutan;
On submission of this report by the Committee, Cabinet Secretariat will be informed and further action taken after considering recommendations of the Committee.
(i) MOC between MAFF and Ministry of Environment, Forestry and Climate Change (MoEF&CC) was signed on 11 December 2015.
Netaji’s family members, probably, must have been invited together to the Prime Minister’s residence for the first time.
Loans to the small business man or woman and to the Krishak have become cheaper as SBI offers the lowest lending rates.
On this day, a few years ago, I took oath as Chief Minister for the first time.
That’s what I tell all my young friends.
The salient features of the amendment are:
And, about his handwriting even at the age of 90, I marvel that he writes so beautifully whereas my own handwriting is very poor.
Award in such cases shall be given in six months period.
This is a landmark occasion, as for the first time, the Global Call to Action Summit is being held outside USA.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, launched the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi (PM-KISAN) from Gorakhpur today.
Each Indian who plays any game or has interest in any game has a definite interest in Hockey.
But it is true that if 125 crore countrymen resolve, and decide to walk step by step on a path to realise that resolve, the dream of ‘New India’ can be fulfilled in our lifetime.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has lauded the budget as the budget for New India which will energise the nation.
Now Doordarshan is broadcasting a special programme of ‘Swachchhta Samachar’, that is ‘Cleanliness News’.
In view of strengthening multilateralism, President Rouhani acknowledges the aspiration of India to play a greater role in international fora.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for establishment of Atal Innovation Mission (AIM) and Self Employment and Talent Utilisation (SETU) in NITI Aayog with appropriate manpower.
I am also happy to see that dedicated townships, clusters and institutions have come up to make the Japanese life and work experience better.
We have MOUs and agreements with several nations which have been amended accordingly.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural co-operation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi.
The students can avail credit transfer upto 20 % for the courses done through SWAYAM.
States have also been requested to carry out periodic assessment of preparation for Kharif crops, particularly contingency crops and also investment made in water conservation structure under various schemes like Integrated Watershed Management Programme (IWWP) to verify their utility in harvesting the rainfall.
With the help of technology, we are trying to promote honesty and transparency in the country.
Setting up new AIIMS in various states will lead to employment generation for nearly 3000 people in various faculty & non-faculty posts in each of the AIIMS.
Let me share an example to illustrate how corruption can be eliminated silently and efficiently by simple technology and policy based initiatives.
This will reduce travel time, fuel usage and pollution in the area.
It will enable technical cooperation in the following areas:-
Any subsequent inclusion in or exclusion from the list of Scheduled Castes can be effected through an Act of Parliament as envisaged under clause (2) of Article 341.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Loktantra Prahari Abhinandan at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi tomorrow.
But, the effectiveness of our cooperation would increase if international institutions framed with the mindset of the 20th century were to reflect the realities of today.
Wish you all the best.
We are here because we have the blessings of 125 crore Indians.
He spoke of the measures taken to provide affordable healthcare to the poor, including Jan AushadhiKendras.
“Namaskar, Pradhan Mantriji, I cannot divulge my name because of something that I did in my childhood.
Speaking of the achievements in sanitation, the Prime Minister mentioned that sanitation coverage has expanded from about 40 percent in 2014, to about 80 percent today.
Background:
He also suggested to bring maximum areas under CCTV surveillance network.
The genius of Dr. B.R. Ambedkar was nurtured in the years he spent at the Columbia University a century ago.
Yoga too is a good means for mental wellbeing.
When we meet at Nairobi Ministerial of the WTO in December, we must ensure that the Doha Development Agenda of 2001 is not closed without achieving these fundamental objectives.
From completing work before the sunset and forcing children to study with kerosene lamps, electrification has made life very easily.
The MoC would help in:
Prime Minister noted with appreciation the firm upward trajectory in the bilateral strategic partnership following the positive and far-reaching talks with President Trump in June this year.
The train is expected to significantly reduce travel time between the two cities.
Such people take pleasure in spreading the despair.
The occasion also marks the Golden Jubilee of the Press Council of India.
Building I-ways are as important as highways.
He was accompanied by a high-level delegation of senior officials of the Government of India and a large business delegation.
Other Approval Requirements under FDI Policy:
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that heritage can be a great binding force between nations.
President Pranab Mukherjee, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley addressed the gathering, before the President and the Prime Minister pressed a button to mark the launch of GST.
President Michel’s visit has imparted additional momentum to our relations.
Speaking on the decisions taken by consensus in the GST Council meeting yesterday, the Prime Minister said that when there is trust in a government and when policies are made with best intentions, it is natural for people to support us for the best interests of the nation.
BhagwanBirsaMunda took on the might of the guns & cannons of the British, using traditional bows and arrows, to shake them apart.
India has no dearth of brilliant lawyers and judges.
This was a nation made weaker by colonialism; torn by Partition at its birth as Independent country.
In addition, FCI shall reduce the amount of its current Cash Credit Limit with the banking consortium to the extent of the NSSF loan amount.
The first IFSC in India has been set up at GIFT City, Gandhinagar, Gujarat.
Here I am with my words.
In a very short time, 21st June has got worldwide recognition as World Yoga day and is connecting people.
I recall the active role played by Swami ji, in compiling the 11 volume Encyclopaedia of Hinduism.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed in February, 2016 between Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Central Bank of United Arab Emirates (UAE) on co-operation concerning currency swap agreement.
I profusely thank all such compatriots who have striven hard to perform this MAHAYAGYA, and lived up to the lofty virtue of PURUSHARTH.
You had started this practice while you were in office in Gujarat, Sir, but in the recent days we have not been seeing much of this.
The two sides re-affirmed their determination and efforts to further cooperate in maintaining peace, stability and development in the Indo – Pacific region as well as in the world at large.
Housing for All – a house for every Indian by 2022.
• and delays in project implementation,
The scheme will be implemented through Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) during the current financial year to provide social security during old age and protect elderly persons aged 60 years and above against a future fall in their interest income due to uncertain market conditions.
The movement targeted the young generation, in particular.
In view of the persistent demand for Japanese language knowing professionals since the past few years, Prime Ministers of India and Japan recognized the importance of expanding Japanese language education in India for achieving wider and closer cooperation in different domains.
There are strong emotions of widespread grief as well as anger across the country.
We just finished an absorbing test series.
Following is the text of the PM’s address:-
The MoU will provide compliance of international obligation as well as enhance promotion in the area of security cooperation between the two countries.
Noted world institutions have accepted that the country has taken strides in the area of poverty alleviation at a record pace.
Let me assure you that at every step of the way 1.25 billion people of India will stand by you- Both as partners and as friends.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Arab Emirates on Development Cooperation in Africa.
Sadly, these ideologies of hate and their proponents in our region are not open to dialogue and hence only open to causing death and destruction.
Even today, they have as much contribution to the nation.
It would lead to repeal or amendment of resolution-related provisions in sectoral Acts as listed in Schedules of the Bill.
We regard thriving two-way trade and investment flows as the bedrock of a strong partnership.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Kurukshetra in Haryana on 12 February 2019.
Our agreement to open new Border Haats will empower border communities through trade and contribute to their livelihoods.
From Princess to poetry and from Buddha to Bollywood; we have so much in common.
“My thoughts are with the family and supporters of Kalikho Pul on his sad demise.
We have always believed that Nature does not exist for human race, but that we can’t exist without Nature.
Amount (In Rupees Crore)
The entire nation saw what the eyes did today.
For simplicity, I will classify them as financial, structural and institutional.
Since taking office, we have encouraged state governments to take an active role in export promotion.
Peru has been cooperating with India at the International fora and the trade agreement will enhance the trade and economic relations between the two countries.
In his remarks on the occasion, the Prime Minister greeted the gathering on the occasion of Buddha Purnima.
Their dedication, this government feels is a part of unfinished work in nation building.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with 20 top American CEOs at a roundtable meeting in Washington DC.
U Win Khaing Moe, Director General, Department of Research and Innovation
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Tourism, Government of the Republic of India and the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
The activities between the two sides will start after the receipt of copy of the signed MoC.
Another 6700 MWs of nuclear power is expected to come onstream by 2021-22 through projects presently under construction.
He recalled his earlier meetings with Shri Nandkishore Goenka and said the family has always been open to new ideas, and has taken every challenge as an opportunity, to create a presence in a range of initiatives from “soil to satellite.”
I am delighted to welcome you to the 9th Chapter of the Vibrant Gujarat Summit.
I would like to know what my young generation thinks about their duties.
Regardless of the nature of business, Consumer satisfaction should be the prime motive.
Shivaji Maharaj placed wellbeing of his people above everything.
I have always found that these exams go much better than you fear before.
Measures like transparent auction and allocation of key natural resources like coal, spectrum, iron ore have created a level playing field for investors.
Finally, I am delighted to have the chance to be with you, Prime Minister , in my home state, Gujarat, day after.
Lopamudra, Gargi, Maitreyee; be it the learning & devotion of Akka Mahadevi or Meerabai, be it the governance of Ahilyabai Holkar or the valour of Rani Lakshmibai, woman power has always inspired us.
(f) Convicted prisoners who have completed two-third (66%) of their actual sentence period.
Even as India stood on the threshold of independence, the fate of Africa was not far from our minds.
Same Institutions were not of their liking , same processes were not of their liking at that time.
The number of these centres is expected to increase with time.
• Acquisition of entire 51% equity held by the Non-Government Institutions in GSTN equally by the Centre and the State Governments and allow GSTN Board to initiate the process for acquisition of equity held by the private companies.
I offered all possible assistance.
Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Nations Entity of Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UN-Women).
This would include increasing their familiarity with factoring services, registration with online platforms and e-market places as well as sessions on best practices and problem solving.
Tributes to the phenomenal hockey player, Major Dhyan Chand Ji on his birth anniversary.
I honoured their courage and sacrifice for the ideals of freedom and democracy.
I pray that those injured in the bus accident in J&K recover soon.”, the Prime Minister said.
This is the world’s tallest scyscraping statue.
The theme “Women First, Prosperity for All” makes this edition of GES stand out.
The project will increase the capacity of ferrying passengers as well as goods.
What it meant was that we can’t manage our economy rather become a problem for others and India was tagged along with Fragile Five group.
I am delighted to return to Afghanistan; Honoured to be among people who have set the standard of courage for our age; Privileged to see again the high tide of friendship in this vast ocean of love for India.
As always, we will be guided by your priorities.
During my Malaysia visit, I will meet Prime Minister Najib Razak and discuss bilateral ties with him.
The looters of nation’s wealth will have to answer.
PM will also address a public gathering
And now we have enough water for drinking when Rakjot is moving in the direction to become smart city.
Today one need not go through the tedious scrutiny of a banker to get small loans.
You must have seen that last week the Indian government issued a postage stamp on ‘Surya Namaskar’ on the occasion of International Yoga Day.
iv. Establishing collaborations among tertiary care centres in both countries such as AUMS; and
Ugadi greetings to all those celebrating.
All this will help in generating jobs.
He said that these PRAGATI meetings have so far resolved issues related to stalled projects worth nearly 12 lakh crore rupees.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of Ministry of Shipping to replace the Major Port Trusts Act, 1963 by the Major Port Authorities Bill, 2016.
Background:-
To use the words of President Juncker a few days ago, India-European Union relations today have a good wind in their sails!
“When Rohan Bopanna and Divij Sharan play, expect wonderful tennis!
And last year was also the silver jubilee year of our diplomatic relations.
Powered by the energy of our youth, we are positioning India as a global manufacturing hub.
Brothers and sisters, we have to free this society from this demonic mentality.
Through IBSA (India, Brazil and South Africa) and BRICS, our partnership is also shaping priorities within the global agenda.
This extension will provide improved access to public transport for dense population comprising predominantly industrial workers to move towards the central business district of the city for work.
• The final scheme will be notified by Central Government in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India.
I convey my greetings to my sisters and brothers of Andhra Pradesh.
The changes will enable the persons belonging to these castes/ communities to avail the benefits of reservation in Government services and posts as well as in Central Educational Institutions as per the existing policy.
I also had the good fortune of traveling from Pietermaritzburg station in the train in which Mahatma Gandhi had travelled, and which was the site of the incidence that sowed the seed of the transformation of a Mohandas into Mahatma Gandhi.
He said the tribal carnival would showcase the capabilities of the tribal communities, in the national capital.
I request you to utilize this good season for some kind of physical activity and exercise.
The MoU was signed on 31st May 2018.
He recalled that he had the opportunity to unveil a statue of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore in Tajikistan three years ago.
Around 15,000 women are expected to participate in this year’s Swachh Shakti event aimed at empowering the women.
Under this scheme, over 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakh each, every year.
Prophet Mohammad Sahib (peace be upon him) believed in twin principles of knowledge and compassion.
Similarly, he said the National Police Memorial has also been built.
When the spiritual love of Sufism, not the violent force of terrorism, flows across the border, this region will be the paradise on earth that Amir Khusrau spoke about.
· BRICS Friendship Cities and Local Government Cooperation Forum – 28 to 29 June (East London)
We have carried out operations in conflict zones and rescued not only Indians but also nationals of many other countries.
And it will also open new avenues of employment for the youth, for the middle class families in the health sector.
I am delighted with the industry response.
The Prime Minister said this entire region of the Nicobar Islands, and the nearby Malacca Strait, is important from the point of view of both resources and security.
And, Independent India owes a debt of gratitude to Malaya-Indians.
We have ensured that there is proper sanitation in all areas – both urban and rural.
Instead, the focus area is specific.
President of Brazil Ms. Dilma Rousseff, Chancellor of Germany Ms. Angela Merkel and Prime Minister of Japan Mr. Shinzo Abe were also present.
This partnership will combine the responsibility of governments with the innovative capacity of the private sector.
It provides competitive finance at various stages of the business cycle covering import of technology, export product development, export production and export credit at pre-shipment and post-shipment stages and investments overseas.
Emphasizing on creating self-employment, Prime Minister said that being self- employed is a matter of pride now and has helped people in achieving things that were considered impossible before.
But, we also see the changing character of terrorism: global links, franchise relations, home-grown terrorism and use of cyber space for recruitment and propaganda.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had laid the foundation stone of the memorial on March 21, 2016.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Opening Ceremony of the Haryana Swarna Jayanti Celebrations in Gurugram.
An eight-member delegation of British Parliamentarians called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Two-thirds of India and two-thirds of Africa is under the age of 35 years.
The AIIMS at Deoghar will consist of:
The Prime Minister said leadership skills are important, and the onus lies on senior officers to inculcate these skills in the police personnel.
We could begin immediately with research collaboration and capacity building with institutions in India.
Inclusion of ‘Nocte’, “Tangsa’, Tutsa’, ‘Wancho’ in lieu of ‘Any Naga Tribes’ in serial No. 10 in list of Scheduled Tribes of Arunachal Pradesh.
The Government of Uttarakhand (GoUK) has, therefore, sought return of the land for alternate use, and has agreed to pay current circle rate (which is substantially higher).
Transfer of Gold to Refiners:-
The North Eastern Council should also consider focussing on issues in emerging areas of livelihood, entrepreneurship, venture funds, start-ups and skill development.
On 19th and 20th April I will also participate in the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting being hosted by the United Kingdom which will take over as the new Chair-in-Office of the Commonwealth from Malta.
Over the past few years, my Government has renewed interaction and forged new partnerships across continents.
5) Government will engage private agencies for carrying out exploration in identified blocks / areas with the right to certain share in the revenue accruing to the State government through auction.
It is the same commitment, which has seen over three hundred million LED bulbs being installed across India.
“I have got not the slightest doubt in my mind as to the future evolution and the ultimate shape of the social, political and economic structure of this great country.
We have launched a campaign called ‘Make in India’ and aggressively worked on the front of Ease of doing business.
May the Year of the Monkey bring joy and prosperity in your lives.
Since the time of last Cadre review, telecom service provision functions have been hived off from DoT, but newer functions related to telecom licensing, monitoring, enforcement of license conditions, network security, interoperability, standardization, lawful interception and universal service obligation etc. have been added.
Varun C. Bhati won a bronze medal in High Jump.
As we deepen our partnership, there would be times when we would have differing perspectives.
A little carelessness about cleanliness and accumulated water can cause death, which I believe is not right.
He said India now ranks first in South Asia, and is just some steps away from the Top 50 target.
Government received an overwhelming response in first Eol cycle of OALP which started on 1st July, 2017 and closed on 15thNovember, 2017.
To my long cherished dream of an international alliance of solar-rich countries, President Hollande responded with keen interest and immediate and full offer of support.
His renditions attained great popularity globally.
Mainly the changes that have taken place in the past 15 to 20 years are only due to the efforts of the new generation.
Now the poor will not have to run for recommendation.
The Prime Minister said family values, acceptance of diversity and environmental consciousness are three of India’s greatest traditions which we must nurture.
“Deeply pained by the bus accident in Karnataka’s Mandya.
My dear countrymen, a multitude of people write to me about ‘Swachch Bharat’, I feel that if I have to do justice to their feelings then I will have to do the program ‘Mann Ki Baat’ every day and every day ‘Mann Ki Baat’ will be dedicated solely to the subject of cleanliness.
May Lord Jagannath continue to shower his blessings on everyone.
We often hear of new ideas and understand them.
But it would take a lot more time if you start counting from the beginning.
These doles were not aimed at empowering the poor.
He said that even in agriculture, there is need to develop a new “culture” through infusion of technology, to benefit farmers.
• Support the India-proposed international solar alliance.
“Mann Ki Baat” has provided me with a unique opportunity to get connected with various feelings and positive energy of the country; emotions of our people which include their desires, expectations and at times, even grievances, which come to their minds.
My dear countrymen, the way people are coming forward and volunteering for social works is really inspirational and encouraging for all our countrymen.
All this is because of the work you people are doing.
You have the same important role of guiding the economic systems the way these saints and monks lead us to attain the ultimate truth Moksha.
The Prime Minister said Dr. Ambedkar and the Constitution of India should always be discussed and talked about in this country, and the observance of Constitution Day on November 26th, was a step in this direction.
With a focus on skill development, I will visit ITE.
So, from that perspective, I am really late in visiting this great country.
The key is to integrate people, he added.
For that they gave a token- bank nationalization.
What we have done in the last 17 months is to bring one hundred and ninety million people into the banking system.
You must have seen how within a hundred hours of the attack, retributive action was accomplished.
They suggested the creation of a “Sufi circuit” to promote tourism, and steps for the rejuvenation of Sufi shrines and sites in India.
All this in turn will give a major boost to socio-economic activity in the state, opening up employment opportunities for the local people.
Name of the MoU/Agreement/Treaty
Implementation of the project will further strengthen India’s enduring ties in culture and religion with Myanmar.
I congratulate you for completion of this bypass, which will make life easier for the people.
The proposal does not result in any direct financial implication for the Government of India as it pertains to India’s accession to an international convention.
He went to Calcutta to work in Ravivar newspaper.
This has helped reduce government intervention.
During and after the presentation, several members of the audience, including the Prime Minister and Union Ministers asked questions related to the theme of the presentation, and gave their suggestions.
Addressing the gathering, Prime Minister said that Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose laid down the foundation for equal opportunity for women in armed forces, through the formation of Rani Jhansi Regiment.
The results are obvious .
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved setting up of six new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) in Andhra Pradesh, Chhatisgarh, Goa, Jammu, Kerala and Karnataka.
In the last seven to ten days itself, more than Rs. 4000 crore of arrears have been given to the farmers as a result of new policy measures enforced, the Prime Minister said.
The revised Cost Estimate is Rs. 13,990 crore for establishment of eight new IITs over a period of 11 years from 2008-09 to 2018-19.
He emphasized that all of us have the strength to try and ward off these evils, and make this nation great.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to capsizing of a boat in Andhra Pradesh’s East Godavari district.
• develop projects in domains mentioned above, in Morocco and India: develop partnership mechanism with the socio-economic actors in the two countries;
6. Apart from depositing your notes in your bank account, another facility will also be there.
You will be surprised to know that about 60% of the beneficiaries of the Mudra Yojana, that changed the meaning of employment, belong to Dalit, backward and tribal classes.
Can we start a drive to save water in every village from now on itself?
When there is awareness and active participation in the movement, it has its own significance.
PM will dedicate to the nation Garjee – Belonia Railway Line through unveiling of plaque at Swami Vivekananda Stadium here.
This was the first time that an Indian Prime Minister had addressed the Ugandan Parliament.
What courses should be designed to that end?
India and Tajikistan enjoy a rewarding partnership in capacity and institution-building, including under the Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation training programme.
And all this has been possible due to the relentless efforts of a 130 crore countrymen.
The Prime Minister said that there is tremendous potential for India and China to grow their economic and developmental partnership.
In his budget speech, 2016-17, the Hon’ble Finance Minister announced as under:
We also need to make a clarion call to the world to join hands in taking such steps that would ensure this.
DGPs Conference is an annual event in which top police officers from all over the country share and discuss security related issues.
The Dr. Ambedkar International Centre is a fusion of Buddhist and present day architecture.
Under the long-term collaboration, AYUSH and WHO would subsequently take up other mutually agreed activities and initiatives that could encompass multilateral collaboration for promotion of Traditional and Complementary Medicine/Systems (T&CM) including development of the WHO publication on the Basic terminologies for T&CM establishment of a database for global T & CM practitioners; establishment of a network of international regulatory cooperation for T&CM practice.
Thanks to the Indian film industry, we are very familiar with the enchanting beauty of the Swiss landscapes.
Singapore was a bridge between India and Asean.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for India becoming a member country of the International Energy Agency – Ocean Energy Systems (IEA-OES) by signing the Implementing Agreement (IA).
The upgradation, creation and abolition of certain posts of Joint Secretary-level in IBM consists of:
Our response to the needs of the Indian nationals overseas is defined by Accessibility, sensitivity, speed and promptness.
Lokmanya Tilak ji started the Sarvjanik Ganeshotsav with the basic aim to inculcate the spirit of unity, enhance awareness in society, and promote the culture of togetherness.
The delegation raised the issue of severe drought in the State of Karnataka, especially in the northern parts of the State.
They are our future and inheritors of our friendship.
In the ruins of the Bujang valley in the State of Kedah, we see the glory of the great Pallava and Chola dynasties in Tamil Nadu.
They have to mould themselves according to the local needs and environment.
I have no doubt that people working in these agencies are second to none in the world in respect of their capability and commitment to public service.
This has generated employment for the poor.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister began with the Hebrew greeting “Shalom le’kulam.
Prime Minister got emotional while mentioning the names of some sports persons who had to go through immense hardships to be a medal winner for the nation.
In the current financial year, the Union Government has approved Rs. 600 crore as central share of SDRF.
Proceed with India-Sweden defence seminars in India and Sweden in 2018-19 and explore, together with the ISBLRT, opportunities for investment in Defence Production Corridors in India
I am delighted that we are meeting at a base outside Delhi.
Asia of cooperation will shape this century.
And when I’m saying EPI in place of VIP, the essence of my sentiment is clear – every person is important.
Following the direction of the Prime Minister, several productivity and cleanliness related initiatives have been undertaken, including standardization of the processing of receipts and files.
You can film a two-three-minute movie that inspires cleanliness.
Former M.P. Purushottam Mavlankar, son of India’s first Lok Sabha Speaker Ganesh Dada Mavlankar, had come to the hospital to see him.
Shri Narendra Modi recalled a reception organized by the Art of Living Foundation in Mongolia, and said that India had a lot to contribute to the world, but in order to be able to do so, it was first necessary to appreciate the uniqueness and the breadth of Indian culture.
The fundamental reason for disturbances in Kashmir is cross-border terrorism promoted by our neighbouring country.
And those who are health conscious always say that, there should always be some space left both in the stomach and on the plate.
India grieves the demise of our beloved Atal Ji.
As in the past, I look forward to interacting with the Indian diaspora in the United States as well.”
3. Exchange of experience in the field of crop production and theirdiversification;
Can Artificial Intelligence help us detect serious health conditions before they manifest physically?
Once again, I invite students & young people, boys & girls to avail of the benefits of the internship.
The amendment in Section-4, Section-5, Section-6, Section-9, Section-14, Section-15 and Section-42 of Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, 2012, is made to address the aspects of child sexual abuse in appropriate manner.
This may be Central Government’s contribution by way of equity in the project.
We as a nation take great pride in our daughters.
Now this money. is being spent for the development of the cities and spurring economic growth. .
This inspiration is going to help us realize the dream of New India by 2022 when India will complete 75 years of its independence.
The ocean economy should be a significant dimension of our sustainable future.
Those who have inherited the legacy of Thuglak have great responsibility on their shoulders.
We discussed how we can achieve these goals in a more open and competitive Indian market, including through bilateral arrangements for trade and investments.
Today, we can see a sea change in the country although the country is same, the soil is same, the wind is same, the sky is same, the sea is same, the government offices are same, the files are same and the decision making process remains the same.
I am told that the excellent and proactive cooperation between INTERPOL and Indian investigative agencies has resulted in tracking of many fugitive criminals and their subsequent deportation or extradition.
We are committed to creating favorable conditions for business and industry because we believe that they are necessary for improving the lives of ordinary citizens in India.
Tomorrow, that is on the 25th of February, crores of we Indians will dedicate this National Soldiers’ Memorial to our Armed Forces.
His contribution to hockey was unparalleled.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of regular monitoring of the progress towards implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana.
January 1, 2018 will not be an ordinary day – those born in this century will start turning 18.
The positive side for us in India is that majority of the population respects trees, animals, forests, rivers and other elements of nature like the sun and the moon.
In France, yoga was performed in the vicinity of the Eiffel Tower.
India has for decades been at the forefront of sharing our capacities and strengths with fellow developing countries.
· We have jumped twelve ranks in the latest global ranking by the World Bank on ease of doing business.
PM will lay the foundation of the project aimed at reducing pollution of Rivers Devika&Tawi under the National River Conservation Plan (NRCP).
I will also call on King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands and meet Queen Maxima.
We have launched a housing for all program – one of the most ambitious in the world.
(1) Concurred on Sanitary Certificate Covering Fish and Fishery Products for export to India for Human Consumption in March 2018.
We are trying to power this potential through our campaigns like Digital India and Skill India.
He said the Collectors of the 115 aspirational districts have the opportunity to earn lasting satisfaction, by delivering on development objectives.
Both regions are also experiencing a demographic dividend – 60% of ASEAN’s population is below 35 years old, while India is projected to be the world’s youngest country with an average age of 29 by 2020.
He also spoke of the work done to bring more farmers under the umbrella of institutional credit.
TCIL is a leading ISO-9001: 2008 and ISO:2008 and 14001:2004 certified, Schedule-A, Mini Ratna Category-l Public Sector Undertaking (PSU).
May it be the guardian which calls for breaking down narrow walls of the mind.
India has successfully tested the Anti-Satellite (ASAT) Missile.
2.2 Cooperation in Myanmar, synergizing development efforts in the Rakhine State by collaborating in housing, education and electrification projects;
He asserted that work is in full swing for an Integrated Command and Control Centre, that would make Varanasi a Smart City.
During the G20 Summit in Buenos Aires President Macri made the pleasant announcement that during the 75th year of India’s independence in 2022 India will be hosting the G20 Summit.
But, when Uri happened you saw what our brave soldiers did.
Noting the complimentarity of interests and natural partnership in the energy sector, it was agreed to move beyond traditional buyer-seller relationship and develop it into a long term strategic partnership, both sides agreed to continue and increase the pace of negotiation for reaching appropriate results on energy cooperation, including Farzad B gas field.
And, we are creating opportunities by reforming our laws, regulations, policies, processes and institutions; by the way we govern ourselves; and the way we work with state governments.
(vii). Exchange of experience in areas of promotion, marketing, destination development and management.
Earlier was one spoke of cleanliness but for the last two year this is a matter of discussion.
Experience tells us that ordinary citizens are always ready to make sacrifices and face difficulties for the benefit of the nation.
Situation in Mumbai is being continuously monitored.
My younger friends, the days of examinations are approaching.
Both sides endorsed UNGA consensual resolution in 2013 derived from the idea of Iran’s President “World Against Violence and Extremism”(WAVE) and called for combating terrorist elements and complete eradication of their supportive movements, financial support cut to terrorist groups in particular.
The festive atmosphere will lead to a burden-free environment.
Apart from growth of regional economy, this unit will create opportunities for 1200 direct and 4500 indirect employments.
Presently, external development assistance from bilateral and multilateral sources is received by the Government of India (i) for projects/programmes in the Central sector; (ii) for projects executed by Central Public Sector Undertakings; and (ii) on behalf of the State Governments for State sector projects/programmes to be implemented by the State Governments and/or local bodies and public sector undertakings.
A Centralized Technology Vertical to focus on combating new age crimes like cybercrime, is also being planned.
And, it will stand as an enduring symbol of the ties of emotions and values, of affection and aspirations that bind us in a special relationship.
As Rig Veda says, Sun God is the Soul of all beings, moving and non-moving.
The tenure of the 20th Law Commission was upto 31st August, 2015.
I am fortunate to have inaugurated three LNG terminals, he added.
The Agreement will help to maintain a certain degree of continuity in the operations of the Forum and also help in smooth coordination of the activities of Belmont Forum.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to one of my favorite events.
Among the projects being inaugurated are: 6-Lane Cable Stayed Bridge across river Chambal at Kota; 4 Laning of Gomati Chauraha – Udaipur section of NH-8; and 4-Laning of Rajsamand-Bhilwara section of NH-758.
And, it also focuses on new ways to increase the availability and use of renewable energy.
Loans to food and agro-based processing units, and cold chains, are classified under priority sector lending, making them easier and cheaper to obtain.
Almost all the countries in the world made Yoga Day their own.
Our country is undoubtedly progressing fast in its space missions.
– The fiscal deficit is down and the rupee is stable.
Most people believe that the greatest contribution of ‘Mann Ki Baat’ has been the enhancement of a feeling of positivity in our society.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for restructuring of National Skill Development Fund (NSDF) and National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) to strengthen governance, implementation and monitoring framework.
This provides us the distinct advantage of backward integration, which many other countries may not have.
We will be hosting a global mobility conference this year.
The proposed amendment ensures representation of the Opposition Party in the Trust.
As a step in this direction, Ministry of Science & Technology is initiating a programme focused on students of classes 6 to 10.
Four border points; namely Tenga and Baishaki in Eastern Command, and Baramulla and Kupwara in Northern Command, have been identified by army for the visit by the women Ministers of Union Government.
Please, do have your food and pay later whenever you happen to pass through this place.
This diversity is India’s greatest strength.
Like every Indian, I have been deeply hurt by the recent incidents in Jammu & Kashmir.
As per International Maritime Organisation’s (IMO’s) requirement, authorities in various countries, provide appropriate Aids to Navigation in their waters as per international recommendations and guidelines.
Had we worked at the speed of 2013 , it would have taken centuries in making India 100% open defecation free or electrifying every part or even providing the LPG gas connection to every woman in rural and urban areas.
HSCL was established in the year 1964 for construction of modern integrated steel plants.
Sale of this compost will have earning for village panchayat.
30. When there is clarity in policy, clarity in intent, decisions are unhesitating.
I know that several of you are economists.
My dear countrymen, in the current budget, emphasis has been laid on turning ‘waste to wealth’ and ‘waste to energy’ through Bio gas, under the Swachch Bharat Campaign.
Villagers, whose kutcha houses have been destroyed in the devastating floods, would be provided Pradhan MantriAwasYojana-Gramin houses on priority irrespective of their priority in the Permanent Wait List of PMAY-G.
Savings of fuel due to elimination of delays at State border crossings will help the environment as well, he added.
GeM SPV shall provide an end-to-end online Marketplace for Central and State Government Ministries / Departments, Central & State Public Sector Undertakings (CPSUs & SPSUs), Autonomous institutions and Local bodies, for procurement of common use goods & services in a transparent and efficient manner.
Both sides reviewed the global scenario with regard to the economic slowdown, climate change and international terrorism.
WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty came in force on May 20, 2002 and has 96 contracting parties as its members.
You will be shocked and appalled to know that in 2013 Swiss Banks had reported a 42% increase in black money deposits.
Further addition of 2G bio refineries across the Country will spur infrastructural investment in the rural areas.
“I bow to the venerable Swami Sree Narayana Guru on his Jayanti.
The Prime Minister thanked the delegation, and reiterated his commitment to development, laying special stress on education, and especially girl child education.
My prayers are with those trapped inside.
(ix) Central Government shall have the power to remove the Presiding Officer or any member of the Adjudicatory Board from the office following the prescribed manner.
And, here in Kuala Lumpur, we will name our Indian Cultural Centre after Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
The UDAY scheme in the power sector has permanently changed the incentive structure for State Governments.
It has been instrumental in establishment of a number of institutions and taking up infrastructure projects in the region.
There will be novel opportunities for newer jobs linked to waste collection, transportation, biogas sales etc.
The sacrifices of our brave security personnel shall not go in vain.
Through Yoga, we will create a new Yuga – a Yuga of togetherness and harmony.
After a maximum of 30 years of operation, the waterfront and associated land in a Major Port will be allotted for construction of berths, offshore anchorages, transhipment jetties, single point moorings etc.
He will also interact with Rural BPO employees.
He visited the theme pavilion, and the Jaivik Mela Kumbh.
The girl that never born used to grow up into an adult, marry and become widow in the records of a government office and widow pension was paid to her from the government exchequer.
My dear countrymen, today I want to express my gratitude to all of you.
He also called for overlapping traditional knowledge with modern systems.
Imagine the environmental and economic gains if we can collaborate to save wastage and if we can add value in our fruits, vegetables and horticulture!
He recalled that the Union Government had earlier rolled out the Jan Dhan Yojana to establish financial inclusion.
This idea is a great source of strength.
The proposal will create direct employment opportunities for technical personnel with higher responsibility for contribution in faster development of mineral sector, thereby generating more employment avenues in the sector as a whole.
A boost to the rural economy through this revolution will make the Indian economy even more robust.
The Prime Minister addressed an audience of over 10,000 people, drawn from Self Help Groups, Panchayats, water conservation innovators, and beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
For centuries, we have harnessed the favourable winds to trade across waters of Indian Ocean.
Approximately 4 crore women in rural areas have received LPG connections so far, through the UjjwalaYojana.
He also launched the 10th CGD bidding round.
In case the customer will like to change the option, it will be allowed at the bank’s discretion.
The district administration has opened bank accounts of over 55-60 thousand daughters under ‘Sukanya Samridhi Yojana’.
Shri Narendra Modi said that there is a direct link between connectivity and development.
Answering a set of questions on stress of parents, and parental pressure, the Prime Minister said that the performance of children cannot become a calling card for the parents.
A guru, a poet, a philosopher, a great warrior, Guru Gobind Singh ji, in all these roles, performed the great task of inspiring people.
My valued colleagues in the Council of Ministers,
I call upon the youth, the trading community, and farmers to connect with BHIM as much as possible.
I am glad to see that a number of Government Departments and State Governments are deploying technology to improve governance and deliver services.
Excellency, just as we appreciate your country’s beauty, we admire your Nation’s progress.
During earthquakes, floods, cyclones, landslides, NDMA reaches the area within no time.
I talked about the NOTO helpline for ‘Organ donation’.
Technological progress will have wide ranging implications for production of goods and services as well as incomes of people.
Pro-farmer initiatives of the Government:
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi spoke on telephone to Prime Minister of Nepal, Shri Sushil Koirala today.
ANNEX 1: JOHANNESBURG PLAN OF ACTION
We are committed to work together to address global challenges like Climate change, Environmental protection, Clean energy, Cyber security, Affordable health care, Marine biology etc through scientific discoveries and to explore priority areas of common interest.
– Project for the Construction of Chennai Peripheral Ring Road (Phase 1) [Tamil Nadu]
The Centre’s design, which features a tropical garden, views to the river and sea, and plenty of sunlight, was designed by one of India’s most eminent architects: Charles Correa.
The 8th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit, held in January 2017, witnessed participation from 25,000+ delegates from 100+ countries, including 4 Heads of States, Nobel Laureates, Captains of global industry and Thought Leaders.
Both Sides agreed that all new initiatives aimed at strengthening of the regional order are to be based on multilateralism, principles of transparency, inclusiveness, mutual respect and unity in the common pursuit of progress and prosperity and not directed against any country.
This would result in fewer traffic jams and lower levels of stress for people travelling.
Quite a few active citizens have sent in suggestions on the subject of water conservation.
The country put itself inside the oven of revolution.
There are times when a problem portrays the importance of Science for finding its solution.
Exchange of Letter for Extension of MoU on the establishment of MIIT
· 3rd BRICS Film Festival 2018 – 22 to 28 July (Durban)
The decision of the Cabinet has come in the wake of an anomalous situation created in the difference of pension formula among the BSNL retirees who retired before and after 10.06.2013.
Therefore, the development of backward districts is imperative.
WSDS is the flagship forum of The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) and seeks to bring together on a common platform, global leaders and thinkers in the fields of sustainable development, energy and environment sectors.
Asserting that good connectivity will lead to greater development, the Prime Minister said stress is being given to roads, railways, and waterways.
This will be the picture of “yesterday, today and tomorrow” and will be a guarantee of a brighter tomorrow.
The Prime Minister said that SAMPANN – the System for Authority and Management of Pension launched today, will greatly facilitate pensioners of the telecom department, and help in timely disbursement of pension.
MoC on Development of Food Value Chain in Maharashtra between State Government of Maharashtra and Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, Japan.
The Prime Minister condoled the loss of life of Japanese citizens in the terror attack in Dhaka earlier this month.
Once a person asked the Prophet (peace be upon him): “Which is the best thing in Islam?”
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
The Asian Games are going on.
Recently, several Digidhan-mela programmes were organised to educate the people and to increase public awareness.
The differential return, i.e., the difference between the return generated by LIC and the assured return of 8% per annum would be borne by Government of India as subsidy on an annual basis.
They agreed that speedy implementation of joint economic projects will bring benefits to the economies and the people of both the countries.
He urged the Principals to work towards instilling excellence in every aspect of students’ lives.
If Facebook were a country, it would be the third most populous one and the most connected.
One year ago, Amma generously donated one hundred crore rupees to the Namami Gange programme.
Indonesia continues to be our largest trading partner in ASEAN.
The plan has also been updated recently in consultation with Stakeholder Ministries/Departments.
I would like to reiterate that all the political parties and all Indians will have to stand united in the fight against terrorism and destructive forces.
In all, nearly 10 crore new LPG connections have been issued in the four years since 2014, as compared to 13 crore in the nearly six decade period from 1955 to 2014.
The Prime Minister said India is fully alert with regard to its global, strategic and economic interests in the Indian Ocean.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that infrastructure is developed keeping in mind futuristic requirements.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved MoU between India and Bangladesh for fairway development of Ashuganj-Zakiganj stretch of Kushiyara river and Sirajganj-Daikhawa stretch of Jamuna river in the Indo-Bangladesh protocol route by undertaking necessary dredging jointly by the two countries.
We welcome stocktaking that is transparent, covers both support and commitments, and based on differentiation.
The Prime Minister expressed his grief and sorrow on the unfortunate deaths and damage caused to lives and property due to floods.
In addition, we are setting up an India Investment and Infrastructure Fund.
Let me list some more examples.50 cities in India are ready to build Metro Rail Systems.
But even after so many years not all villages of the country are connected with roads.
None had a greater impact than the Sufi poet-musician Amir Khusrau.
I am happy to renew our friendship and India’s support.
63. We recognise that the multilateral trading system is facing unprecedented challenges.
Eight, we are investing in skills and raising the standards of higher education to give a life of dignity and opportunity for our 800 million youth.
Prime Minister thanked President Ghani for his message of support at the cross border terrorist attacks and the earthquake.
We recall the responsibility of all States to prevent financing of terrorist networks and terrorist actions from their territories.
They taught you the Law of Individuality, never forget that principle in life too.
From different states, speaking different languages, from different backgrounds, you merge here in pursuit of knowledge and learning.
Our partnership will build instruments of empowerment in Africa.
This is the change in levels of corruption.
Against this backdrop, there is still much scope to grow India-AEAN ties – India accounted for only 2.6% of ASEAN’s external trade in 2016.
I am delighted to be present at the seventh centenary celebrations of Jagadguru Sri Madhavacharya Ji, India’s one of the greatest philosophers of the Bhakti Aandolan era.
The cooperation, centered on the scientific, technical and technological fields, will encourage the establishment/development of bilateral relations between public and private organisations concerning water resources of both the countries.
We are indebted to Babasaheb for his contribution to the nation building.
The Prime Minister said that medicines are available at fifty to ninety percent lower price than the market rates at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
And, as we mark a decade of BRICS, it is particularly timely.
It is much more than the conventional Shatabdi rake of equal number of coaches, thanks to shifting of all electric equipment below the coaches and seats in the driving coach also.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the rates for Spectrum Usage Charge (SUC) for various bands of spectrum for which auction are going to be conducted shortly.
PM said that he was proud that his Government gave Bharat Ratna to Gopinath Bordoloi, Bhupen Hazarika.
Meanwhile more advices for inclusion of castes/communities and corrections in the existing list of OBCs for the State of Assam, Bihar, Himachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir and Uttarakhand have been received from NCBC.
No girl that steps into the world should slip into darkness of denied opportunities.
The Mann Ki Baat broadcast this Sunday will the 13th edition of the programme and is scheduled for broadcast at 11.00 AM on All India Radio.
Today, when we are completing 70 years then we should prepare a mission for 75 years with this resolve.
The AIIMS will be set up under Pradhan MantriSwasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).
We must adopt a Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism in the UN without delay.
15th February, 2017 is a day of immense pride for India.
A campaign was launched to issue gas connections to all eligible families.
Our farmer brothers & sisters have written on Kisan Melas, Farmer Carnivals and activities revolving around farming, being held across the country.
The clusters will be geographically contiguous Gram Panchayats with a population of about 25000 to 50000 in plain and coastal areas and a population of 5000 to 15000 in desert, hilly or tribal areas.
Marks and mark-sheet serve a limited purpose.
If you have a peaceful mind, then that treasure of yours is going to surface to the top and your exam will turn so very simple for you.
Today is the day to give importance in our lives to service, sacrifice and compassion.
The overall spectrum cap is revised from the current limit of 25% to 35%.
As we get ready to celebrate ‘Women’s Day’ this 8th March, there is only one sentiment: –
Addressing the audience of doctors and students of Tata Memorial Centre via video conferencing, the Prime Minister hailed invaluable contribution of Tata family towards humanitarian services and social responsibilities, particularly in the field of cancer cure, care and research.
The people of Assam are celebrating Magh Bihu.
Times and again it has been proved that those which follow such routes are destroyed themselves.
Besides usual arrangements to welcome the Prime Minister, cleanliness will also be high on the agenda.
Nature possesses a special power.
The Centre will lead the way in academic development, training and propagation of the Indian Sign Language.
4. Net increase of 14 posts of Assistant Commandant (JTS level).
It is a sector where innovation can help solve problems for public good.
Railways
In her run, you can see the grit and power just shine through.
So far 18 crore poor people of the country have joined the Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana and Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana.
Once again, on behalf of the people of India and on my own behalf, I thank you for accepting our invitation and honouring us with your presence, both in Gujarat and in Delhi.
He said the Government had procured 16 lakh tonnes of pulses this year, far in excess of the procurement of previous years.
The Doppler Weather Radar at Cherrapunji has been dedicated to the Nation.
‘Skill India’ and ‘Start Up’ India are aimed at transforming the face of employment generation and personal enterprise in India.
The Inter-State Council is certainly the most significant platform for strengthening Centre-State and Inter-State relations.
And, is defined by our commitment to change the face of the Indian economy.
When black money increased in our economy, houses became out of reach of even the middle class.
This way of giving tokens is not acceptable to us.
We want to engage constructively with both the East and the West.
From licensing to offset regime and export regime, we have given what the defence industry was looking for.
Corruption, black money, and counterfeit notes had become so rampant in India’s social fabric, that even honest people were brought to their knees.
The Prime Minister recalled that even as many senior leaders like Mahatma Gandhi were jailed at the beginning of the Quit India Movement, a new generation of leaders emerged to fill the vacuum and take the movement forward.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated President Mukherjee on completing 80 years of age.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi and the President of Sri Lanka, Mr. Maithripala Sirisena, will jointly dedicate to the people of Sri Lanka, the newly renovated Duraiappah Stadium in Jaffna, tomorrow morning.
This is also applicable to other works such as gauge conversion, doubling of lines and electrification of existing lines etc.
KG for Technologietransfer, Germany on technology resourcing in manufacturing, including sub-sectors of Capital Goods.
They agreed that the Global Partnership remains key to the achievement of the SDGs.
It will be broadcast directly by Krishi Vigyan Kendra’s, Common Service Centers (CSC), Doordarshan, DD Kissan and Aakashvaani from all over the country.
President Nyusi, last year India was your first port of call in Asia.
And, we must bridge the distance between traditional knowledge and modern science, so that we can craft local and more sustainable solutions for our challenges.
The entire financial implication would be borne by the respective CPSEs from their internal resources.
17. For 72 hours, till midnight on 11th November, railway ticket booking counters, ticket counters of government buses and airline ticket counters at airports will accept the old notes for purchase of tickets.
Friends, India is one of the world’s largest markets on the strength of the population of more than 125 crore and the fast growing middle class.
Government is alert to reach out to and if needed to provide assistance to any sector following the structural reforms sector.
It has grown more lethal and adept at the use of technology.
India was proud to undertake restoration and preservation of Angkor Wat temple during the difficult period from 1986-1993.
Every athlete who represented India at 2018 Commonwealth Games inspires us.
It was transported to the factories of nearby areas of coal mines and the coal from those mines instead was taken to the factories in the coastal region.
Let me give an example.
In fact, 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the Japanese people.
Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim, Member of the Malaysian Parliament, and Leader of the Parti Keadilan Rakyat Party of Malaysia, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
35. Violence in the name of ‘Astha’ is not something to be happy about, it will not be accepted in India.
I used to learn quite a lot from those young children.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratifying, an Agreement between India and Tajikistan on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters.
*development in place of need, and security in place of terrorism.
We have to live in harmony and in synchronicity with nature, we have to stay in touch with nature.
6. The HWCs would provide preventive, promotive, curative and rehabilitative services, including NCD screening and management and are expected to be linked to CHCs and the DHs through a two-way referral and follow up system to reduce fragmentation and improve continuity of care.
The State has submitted a fresh memorandum on 5th May, 2016 for assistance for the Rabi 2015-16 season.
I have tried to draw these rules for myself, but I don’t know whether I’ll be able to stick to them.
Instability, violence, extremism, exclusion and transnational threats continue to proliferate in dangerous directions.
He re-connected India to Singapore and the region.
A. Defence and Strategic
Prime Minister Modi requested the Minister to convey his best wishes to President Sisi.
‘In principle’ approval has been accorded for sale of enemy shares under the Custody of Ministry of Home Affairs/ Custodian of Enemy Property of India (CEPI), as per sub-section 1 of section 8A of the Enemy Property Act, 1968.
This will also strengthen our maritime security cooperation.
We are located on the same maritime route.
I realized then that the real strength of the U.S. was in the dreams of its people and the boldness of their ambitions.
These workers, these craftsmen have done a great job and I urge all of you present here to applaud for them and give an standing ovation to them.
Cultural Exchange Programme between the Government of the Republic of India And the Government of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar for the year 2017-2020
Appreciating the new ideas and innovations envisaged in the presentations made by the entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said, that in times past, social initiatives had catered to the requirements of people at large, and these movements were spearheaded by eminent people in society.
He said that the inauguration of the LNG terminal is the highlight of today’s programme.
The Memorandum of Understanding signed today in respect of Defense Cooperation will give a new dimension to our cooperation in the defense sector.
My dear countrymen, we are celebrating this festival of independence at a time when our daughters from the states of Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Manipur, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, have come back after circumnavigating the seven seas.
He said that through PRAGATI,more than 250 projects worth Rs.12 lakh crores have been reviewed at his end.
Terming India-China relations as a factor of stability in the world, the Prime Minister said that maintenance of peace and tranquility in the border areas is indicative of the sensitivity and maturity with which India and China handle their differences, not allowing them to become disputes.
He said international rating agencies have acknowledged the progress in key areas of governance.
We are committed to establishing two Defence Industrial Corridors – one right here in Tamil Nadu, and one in Uttar Pradesh.
This forum of cooperative federalism is the perfect setting to deliberate on the interests of the people, address their problems, and take collective and concrete decisions.
A similar story is that of Sitavaa Jodatti from Karnataka.
We know how to distribute the fruits of progress and prosperity to the common man.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated to the nation, Phase-1 (Link 2) of the SAUNI (Saurashtra Narmada Avtaran Irrigation) Yojana, at Botad.
I am told that there are over 500 projects with a total worth of nearly 15,000 crore rupees in the ten Smart Cities in the North East.
The health workers and beneficiaries across the country shared their experiences with PM.
I pray for the state’s overall development in the coming years.
We all want a good future for our children.
Our science agencies will expand science-driven entrepreneurship and commercialisation in a big way in each state according to local needs.
He said that Indians are now coming together to build the nation.
And, in a way, we have been able to experience a very good partnership among the human groups in the gulf countries.
Ms. Federica Mogherini, European Union High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
The Project basically provides for incentivising States on the basis of their performance in the existing SBM-G.
India welcomed Japan’s decision to join the International Solar Alliance as it will strengthen global efforts to promote the deployment of solar energy as a clean, affordable and sustainable energy option.
The Indian Democracy welcomes the voters of the 21st century, the ‘New India Voters’.
The existing policy for import of crude oil was approved by the Cabinet in the year 1979.
For nothing else will do in a country with 800 million youth under the age of 35 years, impatient for change and eager to achieve it.
“For us in Sri Lanka, you are one of us, he said, addressing Shri Narendra Modi.
Relations between India and Oman are hundreds of, thousands of years old.
Soon too, the images of traditional firewood stoves will only remain a picture in our social history texts.
Artificial Intelligence aids in making robots, Bots and other machines meant for specific tasks.
With this approval, the existing society “National Health Agency” has been dissolved and will be replaced by National Health Authority as an attached office to Ministry of Health & Family Welfare.
He said children are increasingly conscious about issues regarding cleanliness.
The Prime Minister said that the “Ayushman Bharat” scheme announced in the Union Budget is the largest scheme of its kind in the world.
Let me assure you that any such thing is not going to happen.
Venkaiah ji is the son of a farmer.
Expressing concern over the large number of grievances being expressed by taxpayers, the Prime Minister said that a mechanism should be set up to deal with them.
He recalled his meeting with the Sikh community in London yesterday, and said he shared their pain, understood their problems and was working to resolve them.
Kids should be very inquisitive, why?
We may have some differences on some issues but when it comes to the integrity and sovereignty of the country, we all stand united.
The Prime Minister said, “Another tournament, another medal!
PM will lay foundation stone of Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
In recent years, our ties of commerce, links of trade and investments, and development cooperation have flourished.
Indians invest more in Britain than in the rest of European Union combined.
The Siddhganga Mutt regularily used to organise cattle and agricultural fairs.
7. Posting of a Mid-Level health provider at the level of the sub-center who is trained in primary health care and public health related competencies.
It is attainment of supreme bliss that is beyond the imagination and aspirations of anyone.
This airport in Jharsuguda is well located to serve the needs of the people of Odisha, the Prime Minister said.
Now, we have gone a step further and we are ensuring every household in India has access to electricity, he said.
With this dream once again I convey my heartiest congratulation to 1.25 billion countrymen on this pious festival of freedom with preparedness to move forward in a specific role for 75th anniversary of independence.
They should only motivate them to prepare well for their exams.
This year, India is also celebrating one hundred and twenty-fifth birth anniversary of Dr. B.R. Ambedkar, the architect of Indian Constitution.
19. The Sides underscored the vital importance of increasing connectivity between them.
Ministry of Shipping has formulated a New Productivity Linked Reward (PLR) Scheme for all Major Port Trusts and Dock Labour Board employees/workers for the years 2015-16 to 2017-18.
Following is the text of Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s message on World Toilet Day.
Digital awareness in the villages of India is also creating a huge e-commerce market for the future.
The MoU shall facilitate exchange of experiences, best practices and technical knowhow through both public and private sectors among the participating BRICS nations and shall contribute to sustainable development, protection and preservation of Environment.
Brothers and sisters, when investment comes to the country, we expect more manufacturing work and more exports and the finance department of the Government offer new schemes to such investors.
Being a woman, I feel an empathy with her family.
Our farmers are now focussing on solar farming.
There was some capacity addition in the beginning, but for the last four years the production and consumption of SSP in the country has remained more or less stagnant.
Russia’s clear stand on the need to combat terrorism mirrors our own.
· Can you ensure that by 2022 every company in the country will honestly pay the taxes?
Let us fight corruption and black money
52. We emphasise the important role of United Nations peacekeeping to international peace and security, and the contribution of BRICS countries in this regard.
Under the auspices of this campaign starting from January 26, 2018, these women constructed 1 lakh 70 thousand toilets in just 20 days and made a record of sorts.
65 per cent of the population of India is under the age of 35.
I can say that this will be a progressive, and forward looking policy.
One objective of Singapore’s chairmanship is to develop an ASEAN Smart Cities Network, and here Singapore and India are natural partners.
This is one of my highest priorities.
The mission of Skill Development is being encouraged by establishing new centres in small places.
He urged the Government of Kerala to expedite the implementation of Ayushman Bharat scheme, so that the people of Kerala can be benefitted.
“Tomorrow I will be visiting Rajasthan, the land of the brave, where I will inaugurate and lay the foundation of key National Highway projects.
He added that an effort is being made to make the eastern part of the country, a new corridor of development.
As the fastest growing major economy in the world, India has become the new frontier of global opportunities and an anchor of stability of the global economy.
In his opening remarks at the meeting, the Prime Minister said: “We live in a digital age.
Our motto is: Reform, Perform and Transform.
Coincidentally, I am fortunate today to be in Auroville, the land, the karmabhoomi of Maharshi Arvind.
Rooma Devnath writes, “I truly feel happy & healthy through my Morning Walks.
The Prime Minister said that a country progresses through strong organizational and institutional capacities, which are the result of years of effort.
I remember an insightful discussion with Naresh Ji, who as USA ambassador invited me for dinner.
They also expressed the need for both India and UK to participate and actively cooperate in these areas in the future.
India has jumped to the 77th position in the latest edition of World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Report – improving 65 places in last four years.
The very day that we assumed office, we constituted a Special Investigation Team under the supervision of the Supreme Court to look into the issue.
He said access to Government is no longer a privilege, but a practice.
Decision to identify research projects for funding would be taken jointly by DST and RSF.
When all the cards will be operational, it will be the largest number of cards in the world.
It is indeed sad that we kept on calling the events of 1857 only as a rebellion or a soldiers’ mutiny for a very long time.
He recalled India’s commitment to generate 175 GigaWatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
In order to ensure that the fruits of progress rightly reach all sections of society, it is imperative that our society is freed of these ills.
He expressed his utmost hope in youngsters and urged then to contribute towards achieving the vision of New India.
It is one of the last places in the world to see the sun set.
The population is expected to grow exponentially in Noida region in the coming years.
Biofuel and bio-energy
The leaders emphasized the need for regular convening of bilateral mechanisms, including at Foreign/External Affairs Ministers level, to review the overall state of bilateral relations, and for the expeditious implementation of the economic and development cooperation projects.
We need each other’s markets and resources.
These are the verses in our scriptures for a daughter.
Our Institutions and scholars are recognised the world over.
The experience enriches them, and this wealth is for the nation and the society, he added.
Foundation stone for New Greenfield Airport in Itanagar and Sela Tunnel laid
They discussed progress in bilateral engagement since Prime Minister’s visit to U.S. in June 2016.
The Prime Minister interacted with the students, on various subjects such as education – especially education of the girl child; Swachh Bharat, and their dreams and aspirations.
I am delighted to inaugurate the Indian Pavilion.
We have generations of our leaders to thank for bringing us this far.
These included the 1600 MW Thermal Power station of NTPC at Ramagundam; revival of a Fertilizer Plant at Ramagundam; Kaloji Narayana Rao University of Health Sciences, Warangal; and Manoharabad-Kothapalli Railway line.
He was an amazing kid.
Noting that our strengths in research and development are built on the backbone of our national laboratories, central universities, IITs, IISC, TIFR and IISERs, the Prime Minister said that a strong research ecosystem must be developed in the State Universities and Colleges, as well.
It appears to be a minor change but it reflects a vision of a healthy thought.
External assistance today plays a supportive role in financing major infrastructure projects, social sector projects and in building up institutional capacity.
I will visit Myanmar on 5-7 September 2017 at the invitation of His Excellency U Htin Kyaw, President of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar.
Only then we will be able to check the exodus of population from villages to cities.
We expanded the airport by spending around Rs 125 crore for this small airport”.
• The Bill contains a substantive banning clause which bans Deposit Takers from promoting, operating, issuing advertisements or accepting deposits in any Unregulated Deposit Scheme.
• We have increased the validity period of defence industrial licences up to eighteen years from three years previously;
The financial resources necessary to conduct research, training courses, conferences/ meetings and deputations of experts will be met from the existing allocated budget and existing plan schemes of Ministry of AYUSH.
We must never forget that successive generations performed the duties required of them, towards society, and the nation.
Along with the Government and people, the business community of India too is keen to join hands.
He was received at the airport by the Sri Lankan Prime Minister, Mr. Ranil Wickramsinghe, and other senior Ministers.
The Prime Minister highlighted the importance of maintaining a positive working environment in Government, in order to make it an “organic entity.”
I am most grateful for their warm and generous hospitality.
On the other hand, developed countries will reduce production and consumption of HFCs by 70% in 2029.
Government of India supplements the efforts of state Governments with financial assistance.
I would like the family to consciously try to inculcate in children the habit of playing in open grounds.
There can be many ideas.
Prime Minister appreciated the efforts and dedication of the team three ‘A’ – ASHA, ANM and Anganwadi workers for effective implementation of the Mission Indradhanush and for providing vaccination cover to more than 3 lakh pregnant women and 85 crore children.
As existing terrorism threats grow and new ones emerge, we have resolved to further deepen cooperation on counter terrorism and radicalism.
This is the change in levels of corruption.
A small trader can also expand the business with the help of this user friendly technology.
He said soil testing should be developed as a skill, and loans can be given for setting up labs through MUDRA.
Our poverty or prosperity will have direct impact on the global poverty or prosperity.
But, this tradition that evolved in India belongs to the whole of South Asia.
We also agreed to expand our scholarship and training programmes.
• Discussing and sharing strategies to promote the integrity of the supply chain to enhance user’s confidence in the security of ICT products and services.
A State of the Art lab under the Nirbhaya scheme is being established at Central Forensic Science Laboratory, Chandigarh.
In this context, we have agreed to continue to discuss about the requirement of a new bilateral investment treaty.
Today, GST Council had its 18th meeting and GST would be implemented in a short while from now.
I am here to assure the people and Government of Kenya that India stands by you.
All citizens, especially 40% of the country’s population that is outside the ambit of formal banking in the country will benefit from this project.
He was a true nationalist and handled his public responsibilities with politeness and grace.
Lord Vitthal safeguards the interests of the poor, the deprived ones and the ones who are suffering.
• To support Automotive Mission Plan 2016-26 sets the Indian automotive & component manufacturers for becoming globally competitive for export with aim to scale up exports to the extent of 35-40% of its overall output over the next 10 years
18. Will integrate with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
President Hollande and I will also co-chair the launch of my long cherished dream of an international solar alliance to promote greater use of solar energy in the 121 solar-rich Nations.
Even in many Islamic countries this practice does not exist.
Whether sitting here or anywhere, it goes to all the states; goes to the general merchant of the country; And because of that, it was possible.
He said that the visit re-energised the strategic partnership between the two countries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Arab Emirates on the Mutual Recognition of Certificates of Competency.
The life of many a medal winner is also immensely inspiring.
The Prime Minister said the solution to all problems is through development.
The PDP-BJP government led by Ms. Mehbooba Mufti is making best efforts to address the State’s problems.
Secrecy was essential for this action.
You played a major role in finally persuading all members to ratify the decisions taken in 2010.
Noida has a potential of about 10,000 industrial units and presently about 7,500 are developed and functional.
Our youth will never be misled, the Prime Minister added.
He said that our ancient universities such as Taxila, Nalanda and Vikramshila, gave importance to innovation, besides knowledge.
Recently in July, India completed its first voluntary national review of SDGs.
The event comes in the backdrop of Prime Minister’s clarion call to the states to engage in the spirit of co-operative and competitive federalism for all round development of states showcasing their potential and attracting investors.
Innovation is vital for combating climate change and ensuring climate justice.
The MoU will facilitate working together for strengthening the accounting, financial and audit knowledge base within Oman.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification, through infusion of latest technology inputs.
Above all let us thank him for being the great Cho Ramaswamy – the one and only Cho.
• India’s highest ever number of new highway kilometres awarded was in 2015.
The Prime Minister spoke about how the Union Government is working towards modernizing urban infrastructure in India.
My dear fellow countrymen,
Agreement between the Federal Service for Intellectual Property (Rospatent) and the Council of India on Scientific and Industrial Research on granting access to Rospatent experts to the Indian Digital Library of Traditional Knowledge (TKDL)
The Prime Minister spoke of the scale on which work had been accomplished in certain areas, such as opening of 21 crore bank accounts under the Jan Dhan Yojana, construction of 2 crore toilets in rural areas, and electrification of 10,000 unelectrified villages in a short span of time.
· Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Disaster Management – 29 June to 1 July (East London)
In course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, it was noted that remarkable progress has been made in several areas and infrastructure sectors.
• Memorandum of Understanding on Cultural Cooperation
An International seminar on the life and teachings of Shri Guru Nanak Devji will be organised in New Delhi.
Denmark is one of the important trading partners with India.
He said while resources had to be harnessed, exploitation of tribals could not be allowed.
Today as we head towards a new India, in which we want to honour those who are doing their work at the grass-root level without any care for a reward.
And now, this digital infrastructure has helped launch the world’s largest healthcare scheme this year.
Interacting with them, the Prime Minister spoke of the efforts being made by the Union Government to improve connectivity and infrastructure in the State.
In this, we draw upon lessons learned and best practices derived from our shared experience in working on projects.
These five years were indeed decisive.
Taking into consideration the importance of trade and investment as one of the major contributing factors for fostering economic and social development in the region.
I am sure that our scientists will scale up their efforts ranging from the quality of basic sciences to technology development to innovation.
The setting up of AIIMS under PMSSY aims correcting the regional imbalances in availability of affordable/reliable tertiary level healthcare in the country in general, and to augment facilities for quality medical education in under-served or backward States, in particular.
President Temer as a foremost constitutional expert understands and appreciates this well.
The nation will not tolerate those committing rapes.
He said unity, peace and amity, were the axioms on which 125 crore Indians can move forward.
This has been made possible in two ways.
The Joint Declaration of Intent will help to intensify existing bilateral cooperation between India and Germany and to further advance the relations between the two countries in the field of education in accordance with the laws, policies and regulations in force in the two countries.
The amendment seeks to grant retrospective recognition to the Central/State/Union Territory funded Institutions/Universities conducting Teacher Education Courses without NCTE recognition till the academic year 2017-2018.
They also resolved to agree on a new Defence and International Security Partnership which will intensify cooperation on defence and security, including cyber-security, counter-terrorism and maritime security.
• We have introduced the Goods & Services Tax Bill in Parliament.
People from normal backgrounds who could not step inside banks can now avail loan facilities from the “Mudra Yojana.”
Excellency, you have very cordially bestowed me with the highest honor of Palestine.
The scheme will provide health assurance cover of upto Rs. 5 lakh per family.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of an Agreement between India and Poland on cooperation in the field of agriculture and allied sectors.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness over the loss of lives in the forest fire in Portugal.
This time, maximum number of letters are from children who have written about exams.
My visit in Singapore presents an opportunity for both countries to engage further.
The MoU shall come into effect from date of signature of the parties and shall remain in force for a period of 5 years.
Earlier Indians with the IT sector were considered hard working and intelligent – but mainly in other nations, mainly in the US.
So it was necessary for me to find a solution to this.
I am overjoyed on account of the fact that through ‘Mann Ki Baat’, radio is rising as a popular medium, more than ever before.
Schemes like, Pradhan Mantri Jeewan Jyoti Bima Yojna, Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojna, with a small premium of one rupee or thirty rupees, are giving a new sense of confidence to the poor.
– Delhi Mass Rapid Transport System Project (Phase 3) (III) [Delhi]
37. Welcomed the conclusion of the Bilateral Work Agreement between Malaysia and India that authorise spouses of diplomatic agents and members of the administrative and technical staff of diplomatic missions and spouses of consular officers at consular posts for employment in the respective receiving State on a reciprocal basis;
The MoU will help in mutual cooperation in regulation of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances and in combating drug trafficking.
MSDE inherited a highly fragmented ecosystem.
Cooperation in Responding to Common Challenges
He also mentioned the importance of forensic science in the insurance industry.
The completion of Afghanistan’s Parliament building and the India-Afghanistan Friendship Dam are two shining examples of our dedication to forge developmental partnership.
India has many famous icons, sculptures and statues dating back over two thousand years.
So, in this fight against corruption, black money, fake notes and terrorism, in this movement for purifying our country, will our people not put up with difficulties for some days?
The JIN includes interpretative notes to be jointly adopted for many clauses, including, the definition of investor, definition of investment, exclusion of taxation measures, Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET), National Treatment (NT) and Most Favoured Nation (MFN) treatment, expropriation, essential security interests and Settlement of Disputes between an Investor-and a Contracting Party.
Government of India has made a successful effort to clean the Ganga and involve the people for this project with the cooperation of five State governments.
He said that a premium would be placed on honesty, and the interests of the honest would be protected.
“If we succeed in delivering the nutrition coverage to every mother, every child, many lives will be saved.” added PM.
It is the Highest Civilian honour bestowed by Afghan government to Afghan national as well as foreigners in appreciation of their services.
In this context he mentioned the soil health cards, the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana, and the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana.
The MoU covers various activities in these fields which include agricultural research, animal husbandry and dairy, livestock and fisheries horticulture, natural resource management, post-harvest management and marketing, soil and conservation, water management, irrigation farming systems development and integrated watershed development integrated pest management, agricultural plant, machinery and implements, sanitary and phytosanitary issues.
On Vesak, my hope is that India and Sri Lanka will work together to uphold the ideals of Lord Buddha and promote values of peace, accommodation, inclusiveness, and compassion in the policies and conduct of our governments.
A child or an elderly person, a woman or a man, everyone needs cleanliness.
The world also owes a debt of gratitude to Sri Lanka for preserving some of the most important elements of the Buddhist heritage.
It is proposed to provide 50 percent subsidy on the cost of diesel (Rs 2000 per hectare) to affected farmers, limited to a maximum of two hectares per farmer.
Prime Minister congratulated the nation on theproud occasion of 75thanniversary of formation of Azad Hind Government.
We need capabilities to win swift wars, for we will not have the luxury of long drawn battles.
For this, domestic IP filings, as also commercialization of patents granted, need to increase.
The youth of India can bring transformative changes in the nation, he asserted.
I had called them especially to meet me.
They regarded this as an important step towards enhancing mutual trade.
The economies of India and Russia complement each other in the energy sector.
Our renewable energy push will ensure that the environmental benefits of electric mobility can be fully realized.
It has been decided that the MSP of notified crops will be fixed at least one and a half times of their cost.
There should be no glorification of terrorists as martyrs.
Reviewing the Hyderabad Metro Rail Project, the Prime Minister exhorted all concerned authorities to complete this PPP project at the earliest, and with the best possible quality.
Mr. Speaker,
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will address the Conference on Transformation of Aspirational Districts tomorrow.
The President of Sri Lanka Maithripala Sirisena called Prime Minister Modi on telephone today.
• Development of high tech fodder tree species nurseries with fodder crops and promotion of agro-forestry tor planting fodder tree species under integrated farming system including soil moisture conservation in drought prone areas
I urge people from all walks of life to create awareness on voter registration and especially request my young friends to register themselves as voters if they have not done so already.
But ask that one to write your name and you will come to know that in the school made in your village with a construction cost of thousands and lakhs of rupees, having a teacher getting salary and the child there studying is unable to spell out your name.
Addressing a gathering on the occasion, he said that in the previous Government many big projects were inaugurated from Vigyan Bhawan in Delhi.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the implementation of the CCEA decision on closure of Tungabhadra Steel Products Limited (TSPL) regarding disposal of its immovable assets.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of an Agreement on Cooperation in the field of Science, Technology and Innovation between India and Uzbekistan.
The Prime Minister said he would try his best to resolve all outstanding issues in the economic sphere.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to ratify the Second Commitment Period of the Kyoto Protocol on containing the emission of Green House Gases (GHGs).
Calling GST as the best example of cooperative federalism, the Prime Minister in a series of tweets said that this reform will promote Make in India, help exports and thus boost boost employment while providing enhanced revenue.
He stressed on the importance of increasing digital transactions across the postal and rail networks, especially using the BHIM App.
The two leaders visited various stalls that highlighted technologies and innovations across diverse fields.
Projects like the fertiliser plant here are central to India’s growth story, the Prime Minister said, adding that this plant will use latest technology as well.
The 7 C’s are Common, Connected, Convenient, Congestion-free, Charged, Clean and Cutting-edge.
Please speak loudly for a solution.
It will help in expanding cooperation in the field of consumer protection, and will provide an institutional mechanism for exchange of information and derive mutual benefits from development taking place in both the countries.
We are working together to create networks of knowledge centers, connectivity of minds and scientific corridors to augment innovation led technology development for societal development.
“Sardar Patel devoted his life towards unifying India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated a newly constructed market yard of APMC, at Amreli.
DPSS.CO.PD. No. 2298/02.10.002/2011-2012, as amended from time to time.
He added that he is of the view that 1.25 billion Indians should have 1.25 billion aspirations.
You may like to consider developing the North Eastern Council as a state-of-the-art resource centre for the North Eastern states with the necessary resources, knowledge and skills.
They stressed that such a restructuring of the Council entailed that the developing world be adequately represented through permanent members on the Council.
Negotiations on Extradition Treaty and a Treaty on Exchange of Sentenced Prisoners could be concluded expeditiously.
Today, I announce 500 scholarships for the children of the martyrs of Afghan security forces.
And then the orders can be placed.
It is, therefore, within its mandate to build, maintain, operate and manage the navigational locks.
“Greetings to people of India on the historic occasion of 1st Constitution Day.
We are no longer satisfied with just preventing and managing diseases.
This year, Neelakurinji is in full bloom on the hills of Southern Nilgiri like the Ashok Chakra (the wheel of Ashoka) in the Tricolour on our Independence Day.
But, it is false.
The sale would be through open competitive bidding to government agencies and the outstanding liabilities will be met from the sale proceeds.
It also provides a strategic link to the North-East, thereby reducing pressure on the Siliguri Corridor.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has called upon everyone to become a part of ‘Swachhata Hi Seva Movement’.
The Chief Minister mentioned the water conservation measures initiated by the State.
– Maximum technology penetration among the masses.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for introduction of the Repealing and Amending Bill, 2017 to repeal 105 Acts.
They will pay homage to Mahatma Gandhi at Sabarmati Ashram.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Hon’ble Prime Minister has today given its approval to Recommendations on Fiscal Deficit Targets and Additional Fiscal Deficit to States during Fourteenth Finance Commission (FFC) award period 2015-20 under the two flexibility options recommended in para 14.64 to 14.67 of its Report (volume – I).
This initiative has been well supplemented by programmers like ‘Digital India’ and ‘Skill India’.
This visit will nourish the historical bonds of friendship deeply rooted in people to people contacts, energy, trade and investment partnership.
(e) Create one post of Additional Secretary to the GST Council in the GST Council Secretariat (at the level of Additional Secretary to the Government of India), and four posts of Commissioner in the GST Council Secretariat (at the level of Joint Secretary to the Government of India).
Licensed Service Providers need flexibility to respond quickly to changes in the market demand and technology.
Today, a lot of new opportunities have been created for the youth.
In the context of NISER, situated in Odisha, he mentioned the possibilities for innovation in areas such as coal gasification and clean energy, the blue economy, and housing for all by 2022.
It is a region with growing trade and investment.
Wishing you all on Poila Boishakh & praying for a wonderful year ahead.
So stay confident and all the very best to you.”
Yet food grain production has remained much higher, and inflation much lower, than in the last comparable drought year, which was 2009-10.
Through Pradhan Mantri Rashtriya Dialysis Program, Government has performed more than 22 lakh dialysis sessions for 2.25 lakh patients in more than 500 districts.
Prevalence per 100000 population reduced from 465 in 1990 to 195 in 2014.
In this context he mentioned about the initiatives of the Government to modernize the forces and the actions taken for their welfare.
He said the beneficiaries of such schemes are the labourers, the workers, the farmers etc.
They are Women Children & Super Specialty Hospital, Cancer Hospital, Eye Hospital and Dental Hospital.
We have led assistance and relief efforts in times of disaster.
· Only this will realize the dreams of Mahatma Gandhi who wanted industries to be run in Villages and Cottages.
Cabinet approves creation of a Credit Guarantee Fund for MUDRA loans – A boost to refinance operations
To me, Diwali brought a special experience.
He will lay the Foundation Stone of the Tirupati Mobile Manufacturing Hub.
They said that the Muslim community is keen to be an equal partner in the making of New India.
DAY-NRLM has emerged as the largest institutional platform for women’s empowerment.
ii. The Central Election Commission of Albania;
Although the current conditions are not conducive to usage, it was useful to keep the same alive as an enabling feature in case a suitable opportunity materializes in future.
Also, ICDP will provide technical / operational support, facilitate capacity building in terms of manpower training in key scientific areas, sample and data management and support workshops for the Koyna scientific deep drilling project undertaken by Ministry of Earth Sciences.
But, that alone is not enough.
This data reflects that how the government has performed the role of a policy maker and policy implementer after bringing the country out of policy paralysis.
Complimenting the members, PM said every member from the ruling party as well as the opposition has contributed significantly for the cause of people during this tenure of this Lok Sabha.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited Naya Raipur in Chhattisgarh.
The MOU is likely to be signed in January 2016 enabling India to become the fourth core UM partner through ESSO-NCMRWF and contribute to the UM technical and scientific development.
I propose that we consider how G20 can build support systems that focus on countries with maximum growth potential, help address specific bottlenecks there and facilitate implementation of country strategies.
As part of the same event, the Prime Minister will also dedicate to the nation, India’s highest wax producing unit using indigenous technology in Numaligarh Refinery Ltd.
3. It is a privilege that Right Honorable Theresa May, the Prime Minister of United Kingdom has joined us at this event.
At Thanjavur Medical College, Thanjavur, the project involves construction of 290 bedded Super Speciality Block (including 90 ICU beds) having 10 departments, viz.
Working towards human resource development on the basis of bilateral collaboration, with a view to strengthening cooperation in capacity building for maritime safety, promotion of fishing industry, marine living resources management through technical cooperation, including, through exchange of experts, provision of equipment and financial assistance.
Are you aware that out of the wrestlers who represented India, each one of them returned with a medal?
Cine artiste Akshay Kumar has shared a video on Twitter.
The Prime Minister spoke of the importance of water and the need for all citizens to conserve it.
Central Capital Investment Incentive for Access to Credit (CCIIAC)
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for National Steel Policy (NSP) 2017.
I expressed our desire to see enhanced Malaysian participation in areas such as expansion and upgrading of infrastructure, Make in India, and Smart Cities projects.
The Policy covers all States and Districts and provides them an opportunity to attract investments in electronics manufacturing.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the inaugural event of the National Youth Festival at Rohtak, via video conferencing.
Our saints have conveyed the message of goodwill, equality and social empowerment through their thoughts and deeds.
Globalization of organized crime poses a major threat to economies throughout the world.
Friends, the increasing spread of Yoga has brought the world to India and India to the world even closer.
The MoU would result in setting up a Joint Working Group with members from ISRO and UAESA, which will further work out the plan of action including the time-frame and the means of implementing this MoU.
Now in this budget, over 12 crore farmers and their families, 3 crores middle class taxpayers and 30-40 crore laborers will be directly benefitted.
We share a common legacy of struggle against colonialism.
People travel.
I am thankful to the countrymen for helping me by writing these innumerable letters to me.
India’s economy has in itself an element of social economics.
Eco-Mark standard for City Compost would ensure that environment friendly quality product reaches the farmers.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval today for signing of an agreement between India and Egypt on Maritime Transport.
Words can’t do justice to indomitable courage & fighting spirit.
I can see this thing very clearly.
We have taken a step forward and revised the Foreign Direct Investment cap of 26 percent to 49 percent through the automatic route, and even up to 100 percent on a case-to-case basis.
Industrial pollutants from within the country and surrounding countries affect the purity of both the nation’s air and water supplies.
In response to various questions posed by the girls during the lively interaction, the Prime Minister explained the various steps being taken for girl child education.
The Prime Minister said German partnership is important for the Skill India Mission, with German parameters being “global benchmarks” which are crucial for India.
These initiatives will create new opportunities especially in the rural areas.
Gen. Fan Changlong briefed the Prime Minister on growing military-to-military relations between India and China.
I look forward to your detailed and frank feedback to help us improve this process.
• The age of superannuation in respect of all four sub-cadres of Central Health Service was 60 years prior to 2006.
Investment generated from @InvestJharkhand will create several opportunities for people of the state and give wings to their aspirations.
The future of Indian-Russian cooperation holds great promise across a wide spectrum covering nuclear power, nuclear fuel cycle and nuclear science and technology.
Bilateral trade between India and Thailand has more than doubled over the last decade.
The National War Memorial also commemorates the soldiers who participated and made the supreme sacrifice in Peace Keeping Missions, and Counter Insurgency Operations.
Future trade in pulses like urad and tur has already been suspended.
The Prime Minister said that through volunteering efforts, a lot can be done in the agriculture sector.
The key focus of meeting was to finalize guidelines for implementation of Paris Agreement in post 2020 period.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed tax administrators at the Rajasva Gyan Sangam.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved The Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Bill 2016.
I wish people spread all over the world who revere Lord Buddha and believe in the principles of compassion- I wish all of them an auspicious Buddha Purnima.
I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
We particularly focused on implementation of various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
My question for the Prime Minister is, do you think it’s become easier, in the last 15 months, to do business in India or not?
The nation is more important than the party.
He inaugurated a Passenger Reservation Facility at Ramnagar Post Office (via remote).
I also see a large number of young Members of Parliament here.
The Prime Minister said that the medical college for which the Foundation Stone has been laid will provide the region with modern healthcare amenities.
We are honoured to assume the Chairmanship of BRICS from 1st February, 2016 and build on the great work done by other Members.
41. Welcomed the signing of the ASEAN–India Trade in Services and Investment Agreements, and took note of the progress towards finalising the Regional Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Partnership (RCEP) Agreement;
Prime Minister has approved the appointment of Shri Rajiv Mehrishi, IAS (RJ:1978) Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance as Home Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs for a period of two years with effect from 31.08.2015.
These could include new areas of cooperation in a regional high-capacity fiber optic network, and a national rural broadband networks to digitally connect remote areas.
Saint Shri Ramanujacharya broke the settled prejudice of his times.
You are the foundation and the future of India.
Much has been said and written about India’s labour markets.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Tuesday (20th September) chaired a high-level meeting to review the steps towards holistic development of islands.
In a boost to energy security of the country, PM will dedicate to the nation, 1.33 MMT Visakhapatnam Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) facility of Indian Strategic Petroleum Reserve Limited (ISPRL).
The Agreement represents a major milestone in enhancing people-to -people contacts, fostering mobility of students, academics, researchers and skilled professionals and strengthening cooperation on issues related to irregular migration and human trafficking between the two sides.
Now, modern science has stepped in to generate supporting evidence for this.
He said India must become self-reliant in medical equipment manufacturing.
PM also distributed keys to some beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana in Surat.
Our effort should be to innovate in organic products.
In conclusion, let me say this.
The Government is implementing a comprehensive Telecom Plan for the North Eastern Region at a cost of over 5,300 crore rupees.
So many members spoke in the debate in the Parliament.
Benefits to the two entities emanate from economies of scale, reduction in the costs of distribution and customer acquisition, greater efficiency and flexibility in operations, and greater opportunity for cross-selling of products and services.
Shortly after launching the movement through a video conference interaction with a cross-section of people from 17 locations across the country, the Prime Minister travelled to the Babasaheb Ambedkar Higher Secondary School, at Rani Jhansi Road in central Delhi.
The Prime Minister described the effort devoted towards making the hospital as “commendable”, and added that the state-of-the-art hospital would benefit citizens.
The 10th BRICS Summit, as a milestone in the history of BRICS, was held under the theme “BRICS in Africa: Collaboration for Inclusive Growth and Shared Prosperity in the 4th Industrial Revolution”.
He said the whole world had recently faced economic difficulties, but India’s economy had stood firm.
– to be the instrument through which ideas from outside are incorporated into policy-making.
A metamorphosis is needed.
This too, is very valuable.
A system in which villagers will be able to look after their villages will be in place soon.
Buddhist principles of metta or loving kindness and Sarva Pantha Sambhava equality of all religions define our ways of life.
A small farmer is more confident about his land holding and getting better market price.
The government is determined to do all it says, like doing away with the interview process.
Their blood is permanently mixed with the soil of Malaysia.
4. Pre-financing for the agreed schemes, to the extent of half of the second instalment amount, will be made by the State Governments, which will be reimbursed later on from the central funding.
2. Foreign investment into an Indian company, engaged only in the activity of investing in the capital of other Indian company/ies/ LLP and in the Core Investing Companies is presently allowed upto 100% with prior Government approval.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will launch the Swachhata Hi Seva movement from September 15th.
The Government will ensure that the perpetrators of this attack are brought to book.
He will lay the foundation stone for the four laning of various National Highway projects and inaugurate six passport sevakendras.
Recently, Harshvardhan, a young student of Eleventh Class has put before me a different type of thought.
The new policy for these marginal fields also allows the successful bidder to sell at the prevailing market price of gas, rather than at administered price.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
(ii). Exchange of special information on meat processing, meat products and slaughter houses/abattoirs;
We want to make sure that our tax regime is transparent and predictable.
We are also days away from the summit on climate change in Paris.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas play a key role in paving the way for New India.
They would impart skill development to the workforce in this region, he added.
This Convention Centre has an auditorium, conference halls and an exhibition hall.
He said PM Kisan Yojana aimed at Farmer Welfare will benefits the Farmers of Uttar Pradesh the most, as most of the farmers of this state have landholdings less than 5 acres.
Total completion cost of the project is Rs.5,503 crore.
Three years ago, when I had the honour to address the Parliament in Sri Lanka, I had spoken about the need to take all possible steps for converting proximityinto close relations.
The salient features of the proposed agreement are:-
Thus over Rs 10,500 crores of black money from abroad has been detected and assessed.
Under Ayushman Bharat, 10 crore families will be covered with health insurance of Rs. 5 lakh.
Our farmers are using micro irrigation, drip irrigation and sprinkler irrigation methods.
We agreed on the need to coordinate and work closely in addressing and overcoming these challenges for our common benefit.
He asked NITI Aayog to examine global standards in the application of technology for infrastructure creation, and their feasibility in India.
The delegation also requested for a hike in the import duty of silk to 30 percent, to protect the interests of the mulberry growers in the State.
But at the same time, don’t you feel that after you’ve attended such summer camps, you have participated in the courses for development of personality and you reach out to those people who have no such opportunity and teach them what you have learned without taking any money.
The North East can become the organic food basket for this country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today unveiled important projects related to housing and urban transportation during his visit to Maharashtra.
In the absence of such shocks, we have to make special efforts to force ourselves to make transformative changes.
Water is becoming a huge challenge in our hill cities.
Indian constitution is very powerful.
Student from Aligarh had come to meet me.
What the country has been made?
Background:-
Further, it has been recommended that one day in each month and one week each year (culminating with 2nd October) may be assigned for the activities of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan and to reward best performing Gram Panchayat, Block, ULB, District and State as per the ratings.
I do not know if there is any other example of celebrating the anniversary of a great, inspiring address.
No special traffic arrangements were made for his visit.
Women are given priority in all Union Government schemes, PM said.
Same set of people used to state that they are not feeling it.
The Prime Minister said that herbal and medicinal plants can be a significant source of income, globally, and India should leverage its capabilities in this regard.
Sports is closely linked with the human resource development of a society.
Distinguished dignitaries
Our country, our society is facing challenges even today.
36. Welcomed the proposal for both sides to establish cooperation in areas of performance management, project delivery and monitoring;
Friends, Bhartiya Jan Aushadhi Pariyojna has been launched to provide affordable medicines to the poor.
The success of our partnership is also opening up new opportunities for learning, security and development from Asia to Africa.
The Union Government has accorded high priority to the MSME sector in recent years.
Within five-years i.e. between 1942 and 1947 Mother India became free.
He said that a study indicates that the use of soil health cards has led to a reduction in the use of chemical fertilisers, while increasing production.
I would like to once again express my deep gratitude to the millions of my countrymen who have contributed to the successful achievement of this great feat with such felicity.
· 3rd BRICS SoE Forum on Governance and Reform (Durban)
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi met the Vice President of the Republic of Suriname Mr. Michael A. Adhin who is visiting India to attend the World Culture Festival.
The best of global science is helping us unravel creation’s mysteries and develop cutting-edge technologies.
At the invitation of The Honourable Dato’ Sri Mohd Najib Tun Abdul Razak, Prime Minister of Malaysia, Prime Minister of India Shri Narendra Modi undertook an Official Visit to Malaysia on 23 November 2015.
Our solidarity with the bereaved families.
We will make it easier to do science and research in India, improve science administration, and expand the supply and improve the quality of science education and research in India.
• A commitment to the multistakeholder model of Internet governance that is transparent and accountable to its stakeholders, including governments, civil society and the private sector, and promotes cooperation among them;
Energy supply, energy sources and energy consumption patterns are changing.
In India, throughthe UjjwalaYojana we provide free LPG connections to women from poorhouseholds.
A dedicated fund of Rs. 5000 crores has been proposed to be established to support initiatives for sectoral Action Plans of the Champion Sectors.
Today, seven out of eight States of North Eastern India are connected by Rail Network.
(ISPRL) has constructed and commissioned underground rock caverns for storage of total 5.33 MMT of crude oil at three locations namely Vishakhapatnam (1.33 MMT), Mangalore (1.5 MMT) and Padur (2.5 MMT).
This is an area where we are not satisfied with 100th rank.
Even otherwise, Uttarakhand has been the main centre for Yoga for several decades.
The Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation (WR,RD&GR) has been envisaging bilateral cooperation with other countries in water resources development and management.
It is our earnest desire to work with Republic of Korea more closely to realize the dream of our citizens.
Because if one gets angry, the body will develop heat, and, as a result, the garland flowers will lose their freshness in that heat.
There might be so many “Jamuna Mani”.
This will lead to better utilization of assets provided by the Port in many projects before the formal completion certificate.
So, the choices are not easy.
This will empower the Major Ports to perform with greater efficiency on account of full autonomy in decision making and by modernizing the Institutional structure of Major Ports.
Funds raised through monetization of land will be one of the means of financing the IECC project which is essential for Central Government and State Governments to hold Summit Level Meetings and Exhibitions/Events for tradepromotion.
(vii) Pollution abatement has been accorded special focus: In order to address pollution in Coastal areas treatment facilities have been made permissible activities in CRZ-I B area subject to necessary safeguards.
(ii) Chennai- Bengalutu Industrial Corridor (CBIC): As per initial master planning, three Nodes, namely, Tumkur (Karnataka), Krishnapatnam (Andhra Pradesh) and Ponneri (Tamil Nadu) have been identified for development.
Our cooperation is not just for our common prosperity.
This building will serve as transit accommodation for Members of Parliament.
Prime Minister thanked President Ghani for Afghanistan’s support.
At a time when terrorism is spreading its wings across the world, and terrorism is being instigated by our neighbour, we will have to fight this battle unitedly.
This is expected to promote student mobility under Study in India program, by attracting more foreign students to come and study in Afghan Institutions.
He will inaugurate the collective e-grihapravesh of twenty five thousand beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri AwasYojana through video conferencing.
Globally, limited O&M contract models are prevalent for the entire airport operations.
Over the next couple of decades, most of the new infrastructure in the world will come up in our region.
The MoU was signed on 30th May, 2017 at Spain.
We have approved many long pending acquisitions.
After the first ever retreat of a Prime Minister with bankers, known as the Gyan Sangam, we have moved decisively to change this.
The Prime Minister attended a function for the distribution of aids and assistive devices to Divyang at Navsari.
• A Phased Manufacturing Program (PMP) will be launched to localize production across the entire EV value chain.
It is not a test of what kind of life have you lived, how is the life you are living now and what is the life you aspire to live.
At every step we will have to take care of the families of martyrs”.
India has climbed 30 places in the World Bank Ease of Doing Business Index this year.
The two leaders also shared views on their respective foreign policy visions of achieving global prosperity and security.
· FDI equity inflows have gone up by 52% in last two years.
It would be a hub of biotechnology expertise in the countries in South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) region, and more generally in the Asia region, and to address human resources needs in the region.
They seek illegal means to save their ill-gotten wealth.
Government of India will provide one-time support of Rs.200 crore for settling term loans availed from commercial banks.
A Grievance Cell has also been set up in the Chief Minister’s Office with a toll free number.
He added that the disruptions are a loss to the nation than to the government.
The Government of India and the State Governments have a long administrative tradition.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Kedarnath today.
Prime Minister Hasina accepted the invitation.
To the extent that time permits, I would like to place before you my thoughts on how India intends to meet the challenge.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Australia for promotion and development of cooperation in civil aviation security.
•Foster innovative entrepreneurship and support start-up India initiative
And I also specially request you to visit the place and see for yourself the works of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore ji.
In India’s struggle for freedom, Gandhian thought and Gandhian practice became manifest for the first time in Champaran.
• India’s highest ever generation of electricity was achieved in 2015
The scope and scale of our co-operation extends to diverse fields.
This win is even more special because it is India’s first Gold in the Asian Games-2018.
Many villages receive an electric pole after so many years of Independence.
Prime Minister gave a clarion call to nation to make ‘Innovate India’, a mass movement.
Transactions in foreign currency: The transactions of financial services in the IFSCs shall be done in the foreign currency as specified by the Authority in consultation with the Central Govt.
Congratulations to the team.
Let me tell Anagha, Jayesh & other children that these letters enliven me up after a hard day’s work.
And I am confident, it will be done.
On Jammu and Kashmir, the Prime Minister emphasized that neither abuses, nor bullets, but only embracing, can solve the problems in the State.
I wish all those injured a speedy recovery.
And, no nation can shape and secure it on its own.
Information is being disseminated and soon the decision will be enforced and small jobs will be made free of interviews.
Distinguished members of the audience,
Exchanged on the Indian side by
PM will lay foundation stone of 624 MW Kiru Hydroelectric project in Kishtwar, Jammu Kashmir.
NDRF teams were deployed.
But few would know that in English, there is a word, ‘juggernaut’ which means, a magnificent chariot, that is unstoppable.
Addressing a large gathering, he announced that pilgrims for the Ardh-Kumbh this time will also be able to visit the Akshay Vat.
Subhasini Mistri is a woman who, in order to construct a hospital, cleaned utensils in the homes of others and also sold vegetables.
Besides, Indian origin up to 4th generation is enough to register for OCI now.
The Law Commission of India in its 246th Report has recommended various amendments in the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, so that India may become a hub of International Commercial Arbitration.
You should definitely work hard but set a realistic and achievable target for yourself, and then try to achieve that target.
He said competing with enthusiasm and spirit is the first step to success.
We have also refined our FDI Policy for construction and medical devices.
He said people from across the country are now participating in the development of this habit.
These are just a few examples.
He said this will help small entrepreneurs expand their businesses, and escape the clutches of moneylenders.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday addressed the Indian Community in Israel, at a function in Tel Aviv.
The provisions of this Article enable use of the provisions of domestic law and measures concerning tax avoidance or evasion in the event of misuse of the Convention.
Generations will remember his exemplary personality.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
It will evince more interest in Football in every generation.
Best wishes to all citizens, especially our outstanding scientists and technology enthusiasts on National Technology Day.
With the introduction of the National Offshore Wind Energy Policy, the Government is attempting to replicate the success of the onshore wind power development in the offshore wind power development.
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN.
Our Government is committed to TB elimination by 2025.
The advantages from this are two-fold: On one hand the production of such resources has gone up.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for financial restructuring of Hindustan Steel Works Construction Limited (HSCL).
The JWG will prepare plans of cooperation and to provide solutions to the problems arising during the implementation of the Agreement.
The repayment of the loan would be guaranteed by the foreign Government.
Our capacities could also combine to respond to both, the opportunities and challenges that we jointly face in present times.
Oil ministers from developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
UPI is a very useful platform for carrying on trade activities which enables you to make purchases, send money and even receive money.
They will then proceed to Delhi on 25th January and witness the Republic Day Parade at New Delhi on 26th January 2019.
CERT-In is a national nodal agency under Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India, with the objective of securing Indian cyber space.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of competition, which brings qualitative change.
Over the last one year, he has convened meetings of five zonal councils.
In addition, a total of 156 ship days and 399 flying hours, involving 10 ships and 7 types of aircraft have been utilised by the Indian Navy.
58. We recognise the importance of BRICS scientific, technical, innovation and entrepreneurship cooperation for sustainable development and to enhance inclusive growth.
Yoga is the journey from ‘me’ to ‘we.’
In their lead story, they had depicted a map of India; it was nowhere close to what the map looks like now.
He urged the teachers to encourage creativity among the students.
The Mission envisages institutional arrangements both at the State and Center to ensure smooth implementation of the Mission.
I would like to end my speech with this desire.
I am happy to note that BPCL along with other PSUs has set up a Skill Development Institute for skilling and developing employable youth.
We also need to give importance towards living in harmony with nature and not think about short term gains, he added.
Saying that the Government’s initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor, the Prime Minister also mentioned the construction of toilets, distribution of loans through the Mudra Yojana, and distribution of soil health cards.
The Bill consolidates the existing laws relating to admiralty jurisdiction of courts, admiralty proceedings on maritime claims, arrest of vessels and related issues.
Prime Minister thanked him for his support to India’s accession to the SCO.
• Swachh Bharat Mission to get a big boost with procurement of 100% power produced from Waste-to-Energy plants.
In this regard, they emphasized the importance of global collaboration with reform-oriented countries.
Indeed the pursuit of vigyan is fulfilled through achievement of two objectives.
Our agreement on a tax and custom cooperation framework is a good start.
Polymetallic nodules (also known as manganese nodules) are potato-shaped, largely porous nodules found in abundance carpeting the sea floor of world oceans in deep sea.
But, as we all know, it has not been without burden on our environment.
Dr. Kalam Saheb’s poem potrays the life of Shri Shri Shri Shivakumar Swamiji and the mission of the Siddhganga Mutt beautifully.
In our success, I see hope for the world that problems of energy availability can be suitably addressed.
If this committed effort towards cleanliness become inherent to us, our country will certainly take our nation to greater heights.
We want an Afghanistan that is shaped by the dreams of the great Afghan people, not by irrational fears and overreaching ambitions of others.
The Indian Side welcomed the decision to open an office of the Far East Agency in Mumbai.
The memorial has statues of Mahatma Gandhi and 80 Satyagrahis who had marched with him during the historic Dandi Salt March.
A very warm welcome to all the delegates from across the world to the Partners’ Forum, 2018.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has said that he bows to Shaheed Bhagat Singh on his birth anniversary.
And therefore it is necessary to remember that ‘a happy mind is the secret for a good mark sheet’!
Jawans from our security forces have to perform duties in difficult and remote areas.
In consonance with the Government initiative of ‘Ease of Doing Business’, it is desirable to shorten the duration of time taken for award of the Blocks / Contract Areas.
The Prime Minister visited an exhibition on Flagship Missions of Urban Development.
For India, E.U. is one of our strongest strategic partners.
The number of such people may be miniscule, but they turn out to be sources of inspiration for millions of others, spanning an array of eras.
The diversity in our flora and fauna is unparalleled.
After careful examination and consultation with various Ministries/Departments in the Government of India, four Acts have been enacted to repeal 1175 Central Acts (during the period May, 2014 to August, 2016) by Parliament which are –
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Framework Agreement between India and Vietnam on cooperation in the exploration and uses of outer space for peaceful purposes.
Since the newly acquired area consequent upon the exchange of territory between India and Bangladesh has become the part of the Indian territory, it is required to make delimitation exercise within the limited constituency area before the ensuing State Assembly elections in West Bengal.
Such events gained more popularity with the passage of time.
FFS contributes to SEBI registered Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) that may go up to a maximum of 35% of the corpus of the AIF concerned.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, welcomed Village Pradhans from the Varanasi Parliamentary Constituency at his residence in New Delhi, today.
When all parties work together in the larger nation interest, positive outcomes and results emerge.
She has established a precedent in the direction of women empowerment and farming.
Prime Minister also spoke about the various policy initiatives and developmental measures undertaken by his Government in the sector.
This will be the fourth Annual Summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
Shri Narendra Modi asserted that the youth of India now refuse to accept corruption.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or New woman and is renowned for his efforts for Women empowerment.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today released the National Disaster Management Plan (NDMP).
The Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Mission is being discussed around the world.
Relations between India and Canada have made remarkable progress in recent years and were elevated to the level of strategic partnership during my visit.
I wish all these daughters, brimming with hope and trust, a very bright future.
Ladies and Gentlemen.
He added that today India is associated with fast economic growth and honest, transparent governance.
38. India and the EU reaffirmed their commitment to undertake mutual cooperation for reducing the cost of development and deployment of renewable energy projects through technology innovation, knowledge sharing, capacity building, trade and investment, and project establishment.
He said the Government is working to address issues in regulation, and address the financial health of Discoms.
Cyber and Space are entirely new frontiers of opportunities and challenges.
We remember him and bow before him on his Mahaparinirvan Diwas on 6th of December.
The two Prime Ministers reaffirmed that relations between the two countries have acquired great purpose and substance in recent years.
We also heard from the President of the New Development Bank on the meaningful work that NDB has undertaken in its first year.
Now the numbers has doubled and grown to 7.25 crores.
(ii) four full-time Members (including a Member-Secretary);
“Congratulations to Yogi Adityanath Ji, Keshav Prasad Maurya Ji, Dinesh Sharma Ji and all those who took oath today.
He attended the Closing Ceremony of the Birth Centenary Celebration of the 19th Kushok Bakula Rinpoche in Leh.
4. The existing policy of single agency operation and exports through MMTC, with trading margin of 2.8% of FOB price, shall be continued.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar’s mantra of “Bina Sanskar, Nahin Sahkar.”
The Tribunal shall determine water sharing among basin States on the basis of the overall availability of water in the complete Mahanadi basin, contribution of each State, the present utilization of water resources in each State and the potential for future development.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Joint Declaration of Intent (JDI) between Department of Science & Technology (DST), India and the Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF), Germany on Indo German-Centre for Sustainability (IGCS).
The Prime Minister will hoist the high mast flag at South Point, Port Blair.
The Prime Minister explained his Digital India initiative, and identified three key objectives of Digital India as e-education, health and increasing farmers’ incomes.
He spoke of his vision for Start-Ups in India:
Adoption of these holistic practices leads to increased health and wellness in individuals and in communities.
We launched the Make in India campaign to create employment and self-employment opportunities for our youth.
vi.To avoid conflict of pay scales of executives/non-unionised supervisors with that of their workmen, CPSEs may consider adoption of graded DA neutralization and/or graded fitment during the wage negotiations.
Talks have reached at the final stage and we want that all get justice keeping in view the development of whole country.
Government has taken some decisions in the interest of small and medium businesses, which will also boost employment.
The MoU will remain in force for a period of five years unless either of the Parties give prior written notice of at least six months in advance to the other Party of its intention to terminate the MoU.
Training and Research in Dairy, Processing of Dairy Products, Quality and Safety of Mil, Biotechnological Intervention in Livestock
The central assistance is provided to the State Governments / UT Administrations under the Centrally Sponsored Scheme (CSS) for development of Infrastructure Facilities for Judiciary for construction of court halls and residential units for Judicial Officers / Judges of District and Subordinate Courts.
He ensured the merger of all princely states with the Dominion of India.
The Government also aims to extend Piped Natural Gas to ten million houses over the next five years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of Bhadbhut Barrage over the River Narmada.
Today, with the help of small traders, their open mindedness and their attitude of accepting the new, the country has implemented GST.
Government has cracked down heavily to nab such pilferers over the past three years.
The 6.6km long section is an extension of Delhi Metro’s Blue Line.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired a high level meeting on the drought and water scarcity situation in parts of Telangana.
The strength of your delegation reflects the importance you attach to relations with India and the seriousness with which you approach the Inter Governmental Consultations.
We also reaffirm that there is a need to consolidate and reinforce this regime.
In this moment of grief and challenge, we stand in solidarity with the people of Russia.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today offered prayers, at Kashi Vishwanath Temple in Varanasi.
Based on the areas for which expression of interest has been expressed bidding will be conducted every 6 months.
I am delighted that Qualcomm announced a fund of USD 150 million for Startups in India.
Besides, Start-ups need access to funds through various stages of their life cycle, viz. early stage, seed stage and growth stage.
For me, Sab Ka Saath; Sab Ka Vikas is not just a vision for India.
A strong BRICS partnership on innovation and digital economy can help spur growth, promote transparency and support the Sustainable Development Goals.
It would be after a gap of almost 33 years that an Indian PM would be visiting the west coast – the home of start-ups, innovation and technology.
The Summit welcomed the Nordic Sustainable Cities Project aimed at supporting the Smart Cities Program of the Government of India.
“Instead of dividing, Yoga unites.
(e) Board of the SPV will be authorized to approve revision in detailed cost estimates, break-up of quantities of project components, phasing of the project, change in scope etc. depending upon the requirement at various stages of project, within the overall approved financial limits.
He said the development projects unveiled today would further this objective in the field of education, health, connectivity, tourism and employment.
India has also played an active role in the process of revision.
23. Thirdly, we will continue to make progress on improving the investment climate and Ease of Doing Business.
The MoU envisions the establishment of Joint Working Group (JWG) to create, monitor and review the implementation framework for the MoU.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has strongly condemned the terror attack this morning in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir.
He used to preach that strength cannot be demonstrated by fighting against the weaker sections.
Joint Research Contract between National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science & Technology (AIST), Japan and Department of Biotechnology (DBT)
At a large public meeting in Dabhoi, the Prime Minister unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of the National Tribal Freedom Fighters’ Museum.
When ‘Janta Janardan’ assigns you some responsibility then you should try to complete it whole heartedly.
Trade, Investment, and technology partnership between India and the E.U. would be one of the focus areas of our discussions.
Just like the aspirations and power of the youth, India is doing big, transformative things, the Prime Minister said.
NIT, Andhra Pradesh was established at temporary campus of West Godavari District: of Andhra Pradesh.
Now, we have Prime Minister Wickremesinghe here.
What can be my contribution for this as an individual?
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the proposal for India’s taking full membership of the International Vaccine Institute (IVI) Governing Council.
Therefore, the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 is an important social security legislation to wage earning population in industries, factories and establishments.
The Cabinet also allowed assigning of additional charge of two circles to two existing Commissioners of Railway safety (CRSs) who will exercise their powers within their existing jurisdiction.
Background:-
The Prime Minister said that there was a time when India was considered to be part of the Fragile Five economies, which were dragging back global recovery.
He said the implementation of schemes such as PM Awas Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Saubhagya Yojana and construction of toilets, in Amethi, is now bringing ease of living to the people.
(a) organization of a senior consultative body and working sessions for ongoing discussions regarding cooperation and collaboration;
Shri Narendra Modi said that today there is an “app” for filling every gap.
He added that this was an occasion for fresh resolve, and called upon all stakeholders to strive to establish new benchmarks in the years ahead.
The assets to be created under the new scheme of NESIDS will not only strengthen health care and education facilities in the region but will also encourage tourism thereby the employment opportunities for local youth.
An early start to negotiations on the Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Information would be important in this respect.
If it is taken up in organized way, even one lakh would be small number.
Perhaps, it should happen more often.
In this mission of his, Saidul sold off family jewellery and raised funds through charity.
We want them to be the engine that pulls India’s economy and society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to Chief Minister of West Bengal, Ms. Mamata Banerjee on the situation arising due to the collapse of an under construction flyover in Kolkata.
The Air Force defeated the enemy at Tiger Hill by carrying out air sorties on their positions round the clock.
The Prime Minister said the whole world today has trust in India, has expectations from India, and wants to partner with India.
Our recent World Food India initiative helped us engage with entrepreneurs in the food processing industry and agricultural waste sectors.
This is also required for addressing the current refugee crisis.
Recognizing that developed countries are principally responsible for the current high levels of Greenhouse Gas (GHGs) in the atmosphere, the Kyoto Protocol places commitments on developed nations to undertake mitigation targets and to provide financial resources and transfer of technology to the developing nations.
Looking at its past performance, market conditions and the competition from plastics and the capacity of private jute mills, it was noted that NJMC would not be in a position to recoup its negative net worth through operational profits.
In its 19-year journey, Akshaya Patra foundation has served mid-day meals to 1.76 million children in twelve states covering 14,702 schools.
For two years from now on, we are going to organise various programmes throughout the world on the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The proposed MoU will facilitate the achievement of time-bound results in the implementation of specific activities identified jointly by MoPR and UN Women within the broader framework for cooperation under the United Nations Development Assistance Framework ((UNDAF).
The post of Commissioner of Metro Railway Safety will be in HAG ( pay level 15) in the Commission of Railway Safety under the Ministry of Civil Aviation.
With a view to enhancing financial and economic cooperation, Governments of Japan and India welcomed the agreement to conclude a Bilateral Swap Arrangement (BSA) of USD 75 billion.
2. Total completion cost of the project is Rs.1,967 crore.
The President and I also discussed ways to strengthen our partnership in other inter-governmental organizations and regimes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kiran Multi-Speciality Hospital, and the Diamond Manufacturing Unit of M/s Hare Krishna Exports Pvt Ltd in Surat.
In this direction, Finance Minister in Budget speech on 29.2.2016 had announced a budgetary provision of Rs. 2000 crore for 2016-17 to provide deposit free LPG connections to 1.5 crore women belonging to the Below Poverty Line (BPL) families.
Friends, on several occasions, it has been seen that the people do not tread the path which they ought to have done.
He emphasized that providing facilities such as toilets or dustbins is not enough, and added that cleanliness or Swachhta is a habit that can be inculcated.
International Conference on Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM)
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
The option of strategic sale will be explored for HAL and BCPL.
Another photo, taken on February 24, 1961, shows her visiting the Atomic Energy Centre at Trombay.
It will establish the means and framework for information sharing and conduct of joint exercises and other maritime engagements for the enhancement of Maritime Security and MDA, including the exchange of shipping information.
And, I congratulate you for your excellent review of the processes of East Asia Summit.
Today when I talk to you, I want to mention that around a year back the Jan Dhan Yojana was started at a large scale.
We will work for an open, stable and fair international trade regime.
The new goals are closely aligned with India’s vision for sustainable development and our flagship programs for the same.
In addition to above, they will also be entitled to benefits of reservation in services and admission to educational institutions as per Government policy.
Lets further increase the use of technology in our daily lives and use technology to bring a positive difference in our society.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the amendment in relevant clauses of the Central Agricultural University Act (CAU), 1992 to include State of Nagaland under the jurisdiction of CAU, Imphal.
They derive funding from a variety of criminal activities which include smuggling of narcotics, bank robbery, vehicle theft, fake currency, or from state sponsors and activities in failed states.
He said a comprehensive approach is being adopted for education, under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
We are ready to address grievances of all sections within the framework of the Constitution.
It was becoming very clear to us that finance combined with technology, or “fintech” as it is sometimes called, would be an important part of India’s future development.
And not just this, he sent me 52 cheques, post dated, which bear a date for each forthcoming month.
Both our nations have had very strong people-to-people ties and both nations have successfully fought colonialism in the previous century.
Let us all remember Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri and take a pledge to do something for the country.
An Enhanced Recovery (ER) Committee comprising of representatives of Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas, Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH), experts from upstream sector, and academia would monitor and implement the Policy.
He said these personal attacks will not deter him from his path, which is the service of the poor and weaker sections of society.
He said he was sure that those who worked with him feel the same.
Mr. Gen Nakatani, Defence Minister of Japan, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
He also spoke of the benefits of GST, and said the Union Government is making constant efforts to create a people-friendly, development-friendly and investment-friendly environment.
They have demonstrated that if you have the desire to do something and if you are determined towards that goal then success can be achieved despite all odds!
This is truly an esteemed gathering of spiritual leaders, scholars and leaders from several countries of the world where Buddhism is a prevalent way of life.
His Highness and I believe that our closer ties are of importance, not just to both our countries.
We recognised that our security interestsare closely aligned.
Centre is focusing on the development of infrastructure in the state.
I would urge that the roadmap for its creation should be finalized at the earliest.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between India and Brunei Darussalam in the field of Youth and Sports Affairs.
PM will also declare 100% household electrification in Arunachal Pradesh under Saubhagya Scheme.
India-Kenya ties have stood the test of time.
Only by doing so can we replace hate with harmony; destruction with development; and, transform the landscape of violence and vendetta into a post-card for peace.
He also recalled the role of members of Indian community in the Kenya’s freedom movement.
The Prime Minister paid respects to the brave soldiers from Kanpur who lost their lives in Pulwama attack and Budgam crash.
The State has used Remote Sensing Technology to identify watersheds and plan irrigation strategies.
• The embrace of diversity, the spirit of oneness
• Petrol, diesel and CNG gas stations authorised by public sector oil companies
That too, on the auspicious occasion of Maha-Shivratri.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will launch the Intensified Mission Indradhanush, to accelerate progress towards the goal of full immunization coverage.
The population in Punjab and adjoining regions will be benefited by this AIIMS.
“Hearty congratulations to our defence scientists for the successful demonstration of ballistic missile defence capability.
Works performed with honesty and sincerity is like the worship of God.
Sajibu Cheiraoba greetings to the wonderful people of Manipur.
The Prime Minister complimented the tribal communities for their role in the conservation of forests.
iii. Emergency Relief
10. Support the implementation of the Langkawi Declaration on the Global Movement of Moderates to promote peace, security, upholding rule of law, sustainable and inclusive development, equitable growth and social harmony.
The Convention also provides flexibility to exclude a specific tax treaty and to opt out of provisions or parts of provisions through making of reservations.
The family of Lord Shiva is diverse yet the spirit of harmony and unity is vibrant.
They are helping me stay in close touch with people.
Over 5 years, the total research funding for the Initiative shall be £10 million (approx.
As such, it will control the unethical practices in surrogacy, prevent commercialization of surrogacy and will prohibit potential exploitation of surrogate mothers and children born through surrogacy.
Selected voice messages may be included as part of the broadcast.
Yesterday when I went to Pune for the Smart City programme, over there I got the chance to meet Shri Chandrakant Damodar Kulkarni and his family.
I could also participate last year in the UN Vesak day celebrations.
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
It is going to be a joyous moment for me.
It has empowered women with skills and the youth with the education to shoulder the responsibility for Afghanistan’s future.
India has similar provisions in other such tax information exchange agreement.
It need not come at the cost of our green assets.
For example, in 2013-14, the total number of National Highway kilometres awarded was about 3500.
“I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
Women achievers of our country… the first female Merchant Navy Captain, the first female passenger train driver, the first female fire fighter, the first female Bus Driver, the first woman to set foot on Antarctica, the first woman to reach Mount Everest… ‘First Ladies’ in every field.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah (nutrition month), the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has been built up during this campaign should not flag.
There is an existing scheme of Productivity Linked Reward (PLR) for the employees/workers of Major Port Trusts and Dock Labour Board, wherein Productivity Linked Reward (PLR) was granted on yearly basis based on the settlement arrived at between Management and the Labour Federations of the Major Port Trusts.
Health and Life Sciences
During the three phases and ongoing fourth phase of Mission Indradhanush, as on 31st March’ 2017, around 2.11 crore children were reached of which 55 lakhs children were fully immunized.
He popularized India’s music traditions globally.
· 3rd Meeting of the Customs Cooperation Committee – 26 June (Brussels, Belgium)
We are already the third-largest economy by purchasing power.
I wish Mr. Gurumurthy and his team all the very best in this endeavour.
I had just casually mentioned about selfie with daughter and what a movement it became.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri Manohar Parrikar on being sworn in as Chief Minister of Goa.
Dr. MG Ramachandran was an actor, and politician who served as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu for ten years between 1977 and 1987.
Ease of Doing Business as well as Ease of Living are in focus in this budget.
The Agreement provides for a free trade regime between two countries.
27. The chosen themes for this Summit like advanced manufacturing, biomedical devises, design, innovation and entrepreneurship all present new openings for business collaborations in our trade relationships.
It acts as a partner throughout the investment cycle of Korean companies.
The policy will provide a level playing field to all investors/beneficiaries, domestic and international.
Experts of Yoga see its daily practice as beneficial in itself, leading to improved health, emotional well-being, mental clarity and joy in living.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his tenth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
18. The leaders welcomed the regular engagement between their atomic energy organizations and their growing collaboration in mutually beneficial scientific and training activities related to the peaceful uses of nuclear energy and particularly the cooperation between CEA/INSTN and DAE/GCNEP.
We also look forward to the establishment of the ASEAN-India Trade and Investment Centre.
The construction of Training Institute has started and it is planned to open by December 2020.
He is accompanied by Dr. Christian Cardona, Minister of Economy, Investment and Small Businesses, senior officials of his Ministry and a large business delegation.
7. Cutting-edge: Mobility is like the Internet in its early days.
About 15-20 days before Ashadhi Ekadashi warkari or pilgrims start the Pandharpur Yatra on foot.
I do not talk of any miracle.
Emphasizing that history cannot be created by those who forget their own history, the Prime Minister had categorically stated that his government did not believe in constraining or strangulating history in any way, and was committed to opening up information on Netaji to the people of India.
I congratulate all our Cricket and Hockey team players from the core of my heart.
He said Kashmir wants peace and the people of Kashmir want to earn more through tourism.
However, a few days ago a person on my behalf went to her and delivered a letter in which she was thanked for her giving up the subsidy.
This has transparency, this has empowerment, this has entrepreneurship too.
We are on the path of removal of corruption and black-money.
What they did was that they started production of biscuits from their agricultural produce and sold those biscuits directly in the market.
(DMRC), the existing 50:50 Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) of the Government of India and Government of National Capital Territory of Delhi (GNCTD).
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for utilization of 400 hectares of un-cultivable farm land at the Central State Farm (CSF), Jetsar in Sri Ganganagar District, Rajasthan for setting up of a solar Power Plant of capacity exceeding 200 MW.
Our security agencies work together so that our children return home safe and our increasingly networked lives are not prey to the threats on cyber space.
Despite these measures, some difficulties persist but I am confident that our farmer who bravely faces every difficulty, including natural calamities, is standing firm in the face of present odds also.
So far, loans were covered upto one crore rupees.
Once again, let me express my sincere gratitude to Prime Minister Netanyahu and Mrs. Netanyahu for their warm welcome.
Let all of us march together with the dream of a building an India of grandeur and majesty as we wait for the 75th year of independence after completing 70 years of Independence in the next five years.
“My heartiest congratulations to ISRO and its scientists on the successful launch of PSLV today.
On the special occasion of Vishu, I convey my good wishes to the people of Kerala.
We will be open to welcome your ideas, innovations and enterprises.
India had no claim on territory.
The MoU will create the framework for innovative partnership between India and the United Kingdom Industry and training institutes, and will help to scale up skill training efforts in India and enhance their quality.
Thank you very much.
We have a common perspective on this region; the turbulence in West Asia; Europe’s challenges; and, shaping a peaceful and stable Asia Pacific and Indian Ocean Region.
Beneficiaries of these houses will celebrate collective Gruh-Pravesh across 26 districts.
He is never worried; sometimes some names are left.
The Sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority.
Girinka was initiated by President Paul Kagame in response to the alarmingly high rate of childhood malnutrition and as a way to accelerate poverty reduction and integrate livestock and crop farming.
He noted that earlier today, he and President Widodo had jointly inaugurated the Kite Exhibition, which included themes from the Ramayana and the Mahabharata.
The schemes included Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana, and Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, among many others.
PM will inaugurate Noida City Centre – Noida Electronic City Section of the Metro.
He said MSMEs must match global quality control standards.
Let me illustrate.
And today when two youths of my country made India proud in the US, I thought of it worth mentioning.
He ensured that millions of Indians were brought under the ambit of one nation & one constitution.
MEA has expressed need for more land for allotment to Diplomatic Missions/ International Organizations for building their Chanceries/ Embassies in Delhi.
He said that this is the result of good intentions and sound policies.
In the second leg of his visit to Jammu and Kashmir, Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi visited Jammu today.
· MoU between CSIR, India and Research Centre for Advanced Science and Technology (RCAST), University of Tokyo for R&D cooperation in areas such as Mechatronics including Robotics, Surface Engineering, Energy Storage (especially solar to chemical), and Optoelectronics was signed in October 2018.
Railway Electrification Equipments
India’s association with IRRI dates back to 1960s,and Prime Minister Narendra Modi was the first Indian PM to visit IRRI headquarters in Manila, Philippines in November 2017, where he discussed agricultural innovations and research advances for the rice sector.
Under this scheme, AIIMS have been established in Bhubaneshwar, Bhopal, Raipur, Jodhpur, Rishikesh and Patna while work of AIIMS Rae Bareli is in progress.
Tanzania and India have traditionally enjoyed close, friendly and co-operative relations.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the development of Pune Metro Rail Project Phase – 1.
However, several key sub-sectors of manufacturing are growing rapidly.
I welcome the plan to develop storage, processing and marketing facilities for a particular agricultural produce after identifying the relevant districts.
On the occasion of World Environment Day on 5th June, there are going to be litter bins made available to collect solid waste and liquid waste in 4000 towns of the country.
Like cellular phones before, we can use renewable energy to bring power to our 18000 unconnected villages quickly and cleanly.
It provides technical exchange on water issues, including on integrated water resource management plans within river basins and through study visits.
This decision will benefit around 1.5 crore rural households eligible for incentive under Swachh Bharat Mission (Gramin), and also Gram Panchayats for Solid and Liquid Waste Management (SLWM) activities.
Shri Modi stated that on humanitarian grounds notes of five hundred and one thousand rupees will be accepted at government hospitals, pharmacies in government hospitals (with prescription of a doctor), booking counters for railway tickets, government buses, airline ticket counters, petrol, diesel and gas stations of PSU oil companies, consumer cooperative stores authorized by the state or central government, milk booths authorized by state government and crematoria, burial grounds.
These are the strength of our nation, they are my youth, they are the future of my country.
It will remain dedicated to them.
We can leverage this geographic advantage to market each other’s fruits, vegetables and other perishables
Friends, a new chapter begins after that.
Addressing the gathering there, the Prime Minister said that sages and saints in India do a lot of work for society which is not fully appreciated.
They said that the current strong trajectory of the Indian economy makes it at a unique moment to accelerate growth in this sector.
The Prime Minister noted that India is the only major economy across the world, which is moving ahead strongly despite the global economic crisis.
It comes from our conviction that we must aim not just for higher incomes, but better quality of life.
It is true that from 1857 to 1942, we saw that the freedom movement had passed through different stages; there were ups and downs; different turning points, new leadership; sometimes it was violent, then non-violence.
He said fertiliser plants which had stopped working are in the process of being revived.
While reducing the cost of power through efficiency, they will spur renewable power for a cleaner environment and protect India’s energy security.
Executive Protocol on Cultural Cooperation between India and Italy
In the manufacturing sector, we have taken decisive steps to simplify processes and rationalize provisions.
New hospitals are opening faster, the demand for doctors and paramedic staff is increasing, thereby creating many employment opportunities are coming up for the youth in the healthcare sector”.
This traditional calendar depicts our bonding with natural and astronomical events.
In this context, he mentioned the improvement in ease of doing business.
Under this agreement, the information will be automatically shared with us upon completion of the internal processes of Switzerland.
He said there is a positive atmosphere of competing on development works through the spirit of Jan Bhaagidaari.
When everyone can make their voices heard online, that’s when we can have meaningful conversations about the future.
He wished them well in their future endeavours.
Excellency, India is the first country you have chosen for a bilateral visit outside Latin America since assuming your important new responsibility.
Let me in the end thank you Excellency the President for your friendship and for receiving me so warmly.
Based on their mutual interest following research areas have been identified, i.
H.E. Mr. Adel Al-Jubeir, MOS for Foreign Affairs
Financial implications:
We have a common vision for the future, built on commitment to inclusion and integration, belief in sovereign equality of all nations irrespective of size, and support for free and open pathways of commerce and engagement.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Zimbabwe for cooperation in the field of geology, mining and mineral resources.
And it is this people’s power which has sustained democracy as its living embodiment.
I too accept this importance of Ganga.
Both countries support large numbers of jobs in each other’s economies.
• Capital Investment and Institutional Credit for farmers
Within two years, the civil and electrical work of the institute will be completed.
These include; PPP with central assistance under the Viability Gap Funding scheme of the Ministry of Finance, Grant by Government of India under which 10% of the project cost will be given as lump sum central assistance and 50:50 Equity sharing model between central and state governments.
And I have never said that these are the expressions of my mind; Mann Ki Baat reflects our countrymen’s minds, their expressions, their expectations.
We welcome the establishment of the High Level Committee on Cooperation in High Technologies between the two countries.
• Centchroman pill (Chhaya) –non hormonal once a week pill.
These will offer many digital services and create thousands of rural jobs.
Prime Minister further conveyed condolences on the loss of lives and destruction caused by the recent floods and landslides in Sri Lanka.
In conclusion, I hope that the interactions in this forum will be fruitful and enriching for all.
The very nature of the life should be ever changing with times.
He said the entire world feels that a successful India is vital for a global balance.
The Prime Minister said doing social work should be a matter of great pride for everyone.
In May 2014, the total number of defence export permissions granted stood at 118, for a total value of 577 million dollars.
These seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture.
This agreement has added a new chapter to our cooperation on the issue of clean energy and climate change.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for International Association of Marine Aids to Navigation and Lighthouse Authorities (IALA) to change its status from Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) to Inter-Governmental Organization (IGO).
On January 20 th , 2018, this Sanitation Campaign continued in the same vein and I’ve been told that this campaign will continue every Saturday morning till the Morna river is completely cleaned.
No mother should fear bringing a child into this world.
The principle is that the Bill would ban unregulated deposit taking activities altogether, by making them an offence ex-ante, rather than the existing legislative-cum-regulatory framework which only comes into effect ex-post with considerable time lags.
The Prime Minister categorically denied any link between religion and terror and added that those spreading terror in the name of religion are nothing but anti-religious.
As per an international report, poverty is declining in India at a record pace.
I am happy to see such a large participation of Energy Ministers from producing and consuming nations, Heads of International Organisations and CEOs in this forum.
It has a blueprint of what government can do, what government will do, what people should do and what people and government can do together.
· BRICS Network University Conference – 5 to 7 July (Stellenbosch)
However, there are still many possibilities of increasing our share in world GDP (23%) and trade (16%).
Keep the messages coming.
It has now been decided that issue of shares against non-cash considerations like pre-incorporation expenses, import of machinery etc. shall be permitted under automatic route in case of sectors under automatic route.
There are no additional financial implications involved.
It is envisaged as the first reference point for Korean Investors in India.
I appeal to my hardworking farmers to embrace drip irrigation, the Prime Minister said.
The programme will cover all the Rural Population across the country.
Before 8th November there was no taker for 100 rupee note.
This will reduce wastage, add value and generate higher income for the farmers.
I am sure, this conference will energize our efforts and the outcomes of the conference will provide a solid blueprint for collective action.
The decision will help in augmenting expertise of the Interpreters’ cadre and help meet the specialized requirements for training of the Interpreters.
5. Flexible allocation under RKVY and other centrally sponsored schemes: States have been advised to keep aside about 5 to 10 percent of fund allocated under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY) for undertaking appropriate interventions, if the situation so warrants, to minimize the advance impact of an aberrant monsoon on the agriculture sector.
In a world of new security challenges and continuing economic uncertainties, BRICS stands as a beacon of peace potential and promise.
Access to clean cooking fuel provides major benefits, especially to women and children at risk of exposure to smoke pollution.
The objective of the Bill is to provide a legal status to the Centre so as to function independently as an autonomous body and also an Institution of National Importance for education, training and research in the areas of biotechnology.
I will meet Indian scientists working at CERN.
The Agreement would provide a legal framework for sharing of information and intelligence between the Customs authorities of the two countries and help in the proper application of Customs laws, prevention and investigation of Customs offences and the facilitation of legitimate trade.
This is sufficient for now so make only a small road.
Description
Paying tributes to BirsaMunda and Jamsetji Tata is, in a way, salutation to the glorious legacy and history of Jharkhand.
• Explore possible collaboration between the European Spallation Source (ESS), hosted by Sweden, and Indian partners.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre, in New Delhi, to the nation.
The external sector remains robust.
Today, our relationship has overcome the hesitations of history.
The commissioning of the Bishwanath-Chariyali to Agra transmission network has made available 500 Megawatts of power in the region from outside.
In this context, the leaders underscored the significance of the Amritsar Ministerial Conference of the Heart of Asia-Istanbul Process (HoA) on the forthcoming 4 December, as well as the Brussels Conference on 5 October.
India’s economy is expected to grow five fold by 2040.
e) preparing and submitting to the Central Government, from time to time, reports on all issues, matters, studies and research undertaken by it and recommending in such reports for effective measures to be taken by the Union or any State; and
When payment is made at a merchant point of sale, MDR is payable by the merchant to the bank.
It will be done through joint projects in the fields of Productivity Improvement of cattle and buffaloes, for the purpose of broadening the existing knowledge base on sustainable dairy development and institutional strengthening.
Over sixteen thousand kilometres of gas pipeline has been constructed and an additional eleven thousand kilometers is under construction.
Our Armed Forces exercise with each other, so that they can stand more strongly for the values we represent.
He said that the two countries are neighbours, geographically; and family, emotionally.
He also congratulated all States and Officials in the successful implementation of the scheme.
The NDA government has taken historic steps against corruption.
The Act was further amended in 1989, 1999 and 2009 to enlarge the charter of duties and security cover to Private Sector Units and other duties that may be entrusted by the Central Government.
Ensure that you use these skills not only to keep pace with the changes around us but also to drive some of the progressive changes that make our world a better place.
The Prime Minister stressed on the importance of education and skill development, which is the key to gainful employment, and upliftment from poverty.
In addition, about 1 lakh 25 thousand (125,000) persons will be trained under Udaan and HIMAYAT schemes so that unemployed people can get appropriate employment.
Prime Miniter Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief on the sudden demise of film actor Sridevi.
The Prime Minister said a big effort is underway to provide modern amenities and promote industry in eastern India, through LNG.
Territorial disputes must be settled through peaceful means.
Responsibility and accountability are to be the roots of such a Suraaj.”
The Agreement was opened for signature on the sidelines of 22nd CoP meeting at Marrakesh, Morocco.
The 750 bed annexe of Guru Gobind Singh hospital will be dedicated to the nation by the Prime Minister.
He said India and Indonesia do not just rhyme in their names, but share a common rhythm in their culture, traditions, and democratic values.
The role of business and industry is crucial in the transformation of our ties.
I look forward to working together with President Abbas to further strengthen our bilateral relations.
But my dear countrymen, we do have to go a long way.
Its rivers and lakes have nurtured civilisations across this large region.
Stating that free hand has been given to the security forces to act, PM dared Pakistan not to live in illusion that it can destabilize India.
You can be Muslims, Hindus and Sikhs.
The MoU will facilitate effective institutional interaction between both the Governments.
Likewise, India could also partner with South Africa in Start-ups, Health care & Pharma, Bio-tech, IT and IT enabled sectors.
However, for decades, the building in which the trials happened, lay forgotten inside the Red Fort Complex.
You must be aware of the fact that wheat is sold at Rs. 24-25 (per kilo) in the market, but the government provides it to the poor at only Rs.2 on ration card after buying it at Rs.24-25.
Secondly because of burning this the top soil gets burnt.
Whether we will download the BHIM App and make every purchase through BHIM App?
18. 30,000-35,000 km of transmission lines used to be laid in a year in the past.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the raising of 17 India Reserve Battalions (IR Bns) by Jammu & Kashmir and Left Wing Extremism (LWE) affected States.
He said Operation Greens, announced in the recent budget, will be beneficial for farmers growing fruits and vegetables, especially Tomato, Onion and Potato.
The last of such Supplementary Addendum called Supplementary Addendum IX signed for a five year period, expired on 31st March 2011.
I am happy that with contribution and co-operation of state government, we have completed the project in an effective manner.
He will release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
He added that the officers should ensure that all people-friendly initiatives of the Government reach the people on priority.
17. The two leaders welcomed recent developments in the Korean Peninsula, including the U.S.-North Korea Summit at Singapore in June and three inter-Korean Summits this year as a step towards the comprehensive resolution of the outstanding issues regarding North Korea.
The vastness and the diversity of India is always talked about, but Our India has many other great characteristics as well, there is a lot of diversity in India.
In this context, he mentioned low cost manufacturing, IT industry, and electric mobility, among other sectors.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the cyclone-affected States through a package of relief measures.
Above all, it showcases your personal commitment, consistent support and strong leadership in transforming the substance and character of our relationship.
We have one of the most liberal investment policies for foreign investment in the textile and apparel sector.
The Archaeological Survey of India has carried out structural conservation and chemical preservation work of this temple.
To promote Japanese language education in the North East as a part of the commitment made by the two Prime Ministers to establish Japanese language certificate courses at 100 higher educational institutions in India.
People say that derivatives can be used by farmers for reducing their risks.
Notes of one hundred, fifty, twenty, ten, five, two and one rupee will remain legal tender and will remain unaffected by the decision today.
He said India’s energy deficit has reduced from 4.2 percent in 2013-14, to less than one percent today.
We look forward to a concrete outcome at COP21 in Paris that strengthens the commitment and the ability of the world, especially of poor and vulnerable countries, to transition to a more sustainable growth path.
They appreciated the Prime Minister’s stand on the issue of Triple Talaq.
This is the first-ever Indian circumnavigation of the globe by an all-women crew.
This has improved telecom connectivity and will give a boost to the economic development of the region.
We are delighted that the Afghan National Cricket Team has found its home ground near Delhi and is practicing for next year’s World Cup.
Swami Vivekananda used to say each soul is potentially divine.
Now, nature of warfare is changing and the dangers are increasing.
I would like to point out that less attention was paid to the social works done by Sai Baba while miracles were talked about more.
India itself has been battling cross border terrorism for decades.
My heartiest greetings to all of you on the occasion of Ganeshotsav.
My friends you people must be respected world over in the field of chartered accountancy.
Today our satellites are a symbol of the country’s growing might.
Her Government’s ‘zero-tolerance’ policy towards terrorism is an inspiration for all of us.
I have noticed that these days interest in Khadi has increased very much and I had just said that I was not asking people to makeover into wearing Khadi permanently; rather, since there are a number of fabrics then why not Khadi also be one of the fabrics of your choice?
Should we still remain in the old mind-set?
The Prime Minister said efforts are being made to make the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, as self-sufficient as possible.
Solar energy generation has increased over 80 percent in the last year.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said he is happy to meet the delegates who have just returned from the Kumbh Mela in Prayagraj.
My thoughts are with the bereaved families.
It also means ensuring that no country uses or promotes terrorism.
No tax will be levied on interest up to Rs 50,000 on their Bank and Post Office deposits.
And as a result, one overriding priority for every government has been to ensure that there is no burden on the plate of the poor on account of GST.
Happy to share that Team India has done exceedingly well.
The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, the National Company Law Tribunal, a new arbitration framework and a new IPR regime are all in place.
10 days ago, Mother India had to bear the loss of many of her valiant sons.
These are systems, which treat individuals with care and respect.
Cashless transactions also came up for discussion.
The recommendations in the Agriculture Export Policy have been organised in two categories – Strategic and Operational – as detailed below:
Therefore, this delegation of powers will expedite the decision making process on awarding blocks and give a boost to the initiative of ease of doing business.
29. We acknowledge the BRICS Meeting of Heads of Disaster Management in Buffalo City, wherein the Action Plan 2018-2020, was adopted and the first meeting of the BRICS Joint Task Force was held to further enhance our cooperation in this field.
They agreed that India and the EU should deepen their cooperation on multilateral and security issues, as well as on economic, trade and climate change issues and welcomed the outcome of the 14th EU-India summit held in New Delhi on 6 October 2017.
“Congratulating the dynamism and determination of ISRO and our scientists on successful launch of PSLV C31 and putting IRNSS 1E in orbit precisely.
To this end, we will work to strengthen bilateral trade and economic linkages, and facilitate greater people-to-people exchanges.
“Durga Puja greetings to my fellow Indians and those celebrating across the world.
We chaired the International Energy Forum from 2016 to 2018.
The current approval provides for the mechanism of such incentivisation through World Bank credit.
In order to further strengthen global non-proliferation France reaffirmed its strong and active support to building consensus among regimes’ members on the issue of India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group, recognizing that India’s accession will add value to the aims and objectives of these regimes.
PM will also dedicate 110 MW Pare Hydroelectric Plant in Arunachal Pradesh to the nation.
• More than 12,000 Revolvers were seized.
It will have ‘Centres of Excellence’ showcasing high-end, niche technology like High Speed Train.
We would like to urge the other parties to do the same and prove their intentions against corruption.”
Science and Technology is the pivot on which that vision will translate into strategy and action.
Tamil Nadu’s role in India’s growth is important.
But in practice, hardly any farmer in India uses derivatives.
This is an extremely positive sign and it augurs well for Indian sports.
We have taken major policy decisions and carried out financial reforms in the field of affordable housing which are unprecedented for the sector.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to ensure speedy disposal of commercial matters.
Delegation members accompanying Mr. Cook also spoke of their experiences in rural Rajasthan, where several villages have recently been electrified, and women are being skilled to assemble and operate solar energy equipment.
The programme through the targets will strive to reduce the level of stunting, under-nutrition, anemia and low birth weight babies.
The President of France, Mr. François Hollande spoke to the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
He said it has become a platform for sharing experiences, which leads to good inputs for policy planning.
Though the not didn’t got white rather their faces got blackened.
It has also strengthened voices of peace, stability and democracy globally.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Government does not believe in making schemes for a vote-bank, or schemes to win elections.
MoC between Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology and Ministry of Economy, Trade & Industry on Japan-India Digital Partnership
It is important to mention here that there is no functional urea unit in the Eastern part of the country except two small units at Namrup (Assam).
Anjum has proved that however adverse the circumstances be, the clouds of despair and disappointment can easily be cleared by taking positive steps.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Indonesia on health cooperation.
This time I thought of conducting a new experiment through Mann Ki Baat.
The present upper ceiling on gratuity amount under the Act is Rs. 10 Lakh.
This success in the New Year will bring benefits of the country’s rapid strides in space technology to our citizens, farmers, fishermen etc.
However, today India is being discussed for – ‘reform, perform and transform’.
They knew very well that this was not even close to the amount needed.
Collaboration between governments, between industries, and between people.
Besides Delhi, similar launch programmes will be held at 100 locations across the country, where Union Ministers, and Ministers from State Governments will be present.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has invited ideas for his address to the nation on 15th August 2017.
We can feel a positive change with this disruption.
I have always maintained that India’s growth story shall never be complete until the eastern part of our country progresses at par with the western part.
He said these big numbers are possible because of the 800 million people of India under the age of 35.
With these objectives we have recently made the Prime Science Technology an innovation advisory council.
In Delhi, the Prime Minister has inaugurated the Sardar Patel Gallery at the National Science Centre.
He added that once infrastructure is in place, development and quality of life improves.
So here is a technique I have developed for myself.
Be it the Indus, the Ganges, the Yamuna or the Saraswati – our rivers and seas are both economically and strategically important.
“We strongly condemn the terrorist blast in Kabul.
India is the future human resource powerhouse of the world with a young hard-working population.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched UDAN, the Regional Connectivity Scheme for civil aviation, from Shimla Airport.
The two leaders acknowledged the contribution made by Malaysia and India in promoting growth, economic development and stability in the Asia–Pacific region, and recognized each other’s responsibility in the promotion of peace, development and security of the region, and beyond, based on a convergence of political and socio-economic interests and aspirations.
iv. Benchmarks for practice in Panchakarma
India and Ireland are among the fastest growing economies of Asia and Europe.
Offences committed by enforcing authorities
The Prime Minister called for bringing together as many people as possible, when celebrating the International Day of Yoga.
Exhibition and B2B Meetings on ICT 102.
Throughout the interview, he makes a conscious effort to point out the deep ties between the Indian and Israeli peoples.
i. Insertion of Sections 108A and 108B in the Customs Act, 1962 seeks to provide for furnishing of information relating to import/export of goods by specified persons to enable analysis and detection of cases of unter/over-valuation in imports and exports, misuse of export promotion schemes including the Drawback Scheme and violations of the provisions of the Customs Act and various other laws under which Customs officials have been authorized to effectively implement these laws; and
To monitor and control industrial pollution, an action plan has been prepared with the pulp and paper, distillery and sugar industries, and it has also been implemented to some extent.
The Prime Minister recalled how Mahatma Gandhi had turned the freedom struggle into a people’s movement.
The following initiatives were also rolled out under NHM during 2016-17:-
Today, our mission has to be a `Skilled India’.
My dream is to economically empower them through many social and economic transformations.
We will work together with the British Government, Industry and the financial markets to deepen our relationship and harness their interest in India’s infrastructure.
If we succeed in Swachh Bharat, poor will be able to save Rs. 7000 on medicines that they would otherwise have spent.
He said that at international platforms, such as G-20 and United Nations, India has raised issues which affect the entire world, such as terrorism, black money and corruption.
And, it will present to you, some of our most delightful cuisine, which has stimulated taste buds across the world.
He said our Universities and Colleges should be leveraged to find solutions to the challenges facing us.
The growth rate of our GDP is above 7%.
In this context, he mentioned that 2 crore people had benefited from the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana, in less than a year of the scheme’s launch.
All these efforts have a direct bearing on the consumption of kerosene.
We have said that factory inspections will only be need-based and only on authorization of the higher authority.
He told that four years ago there were only two manufacturing units of mobile phones in India whereas today around 120 factories are operating in the country.
The Prime Minister noted that corruption, poverty, illiteracy and malnutrition are challenges that India now needs to overcome.
Prime Minister will then proceed to Odisha.
Africa’s sports, art and music delight the entire world.
Brothers and sisters, one area of corruption is job.
On this occasion I was fortunate to get an opportunity to inaugurate a museum dedicated to heroes who fought in India’s freedom struggle.
It will also facilitate knowledge sharing and knowledge generation among scientists, researchers and industry in the two countries.
The Babatpur Airport highway will link Varanasi to the airport and go on to Jaunpur, Sultanpur and Lucknow.
He said the Government’s effort is to ensure that maximum businesses register for GST.
Thus, you may find that despite becoming brilliant in passing the exams, you have sometimes failed in life.
I would like to share positive outcome of the budget session.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with the recipients of the Nari Shakti Puraskar.
Cost-efficient production 5.
Signed on the Maldives side by
He will lay a wreath at the memorial, and light a candle at the Wall of Lost Souls.
Bhadbhada to Ratnagiri corridor will connect upcoming Smart City’s Area Based Development (ABD) with BFIEL and surrounding industrial areas.
Several CEOs showed their willingness to be partners in skill development and education initiatives.
The Prime Minister enquired about the training and skills being given to rural masons, who were involved with this scheme.
This conviction is important.
The two countries encouragedpromotion of direct shipping links, private sector investment in port and air-port development projects, including through Public-Private Partnerships or other concession schemes.
“I look forward to my first visit to the World Economic Forum at Davos, at the invitation of India’s good friend and Founder of the WEF, Prof Klaus Schwab.
“Congratulations to Bajrang Punia for securing the Gold in Asian Wrestling Championship.
A host of other events – a Business Summit; CEOs Forum; a car rally and sailing expedition; and cultural festivals are also planned.
PM also said that about 20000 NGOs have shut their operations after the government sought details of their funding and these numbers may increase in future.
It has been felt that the country has potential to attract far more foreign investment which can be achieved by further liberalizing and simplifying the FDI regime.
He exhorted youngsters to devote time to games He exhorted amid their busy schedules.
The Kigali amendments to the Montreal Protocol will also, for the first time, incentivise improvement in energy efficiency in case of use of new refrigerant and technology.
Everything should be new, new ways and new thinking – after all the world does not move ahead without innovation.
He emphasized the importance of the food processing sector, warehouse development, and technology inputs, in this sector.
I was very pained to hear of this.
The FoU promotes bilateral cooperation at the sub-regional and regional levels.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking active steps to improve your living conditions, including a 5-year National Plan of Action.
The Agreement will also facilitate easier visa arrangements for Maldivian citizens and their families, to come to India for medical treatment.
· The training programs, research activities and projects conducted by the Institute in partnership with public and private sector in the niche areas of Corporate Governance will enhance the skill sets resulting in increased employability of students as well as professionals.
Our efforts have been recognized by Moody’s recent upgrade of India’s government bond ratings.
Our government is also taking important decisions in health sector.
We already have a robust cooperation in the field of institution and capacity building, especially in the field of education.
So, I see Startups, technology and innovation as exciting and effective instruments for India’s transformation, and for creating jobs for our youth.
This Scheme will also be transferred to NEC for implementation.
In his opening remarks on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that there is a special significance of interacting with school children on the eve of Teachers’ Day.
He has expressed his wish that I mention this in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, so that it reaches the maximum number of people and they can benefit from it.
Try to take the opportunity of acquiring a new skill.
· BRICS Energy Ministers – 28 to 29 June (Gauteng)
The second largest arable land area, and as many as 127 diverse agro-climatic zones, give us global leadership in a number of crops like bananas, mangoes, guavas, papayas, and okra.
It also helps improve tax collection and inject fairness in the economy.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to New Productivity Linked Reward Scheme for all Major Port Trusts and Dock Labour Board employees/workers for the years 2015-16 to 2017-18.
Prime Minister Netanyahu and Prime Minister Modi will also visit the Centre of Excellence for Vegetables at Vadrad in Banaskantha district.
Adi Sankara and Mandana Mishra held a debate and Sankara won.
Perhaps the noise from this segment has influenced media perceptions.
· Under Science and Technology Research Partnership for Sustainable Development (SATREPS) Program, a project “Smart Cities Development for Emerging Countries by Multimodal Transport System Based on Sensing, Network and Big Data Analysis of Regional Transportation” was launched in 2017.
It will reduce search costs in the labour market for both employers and employees.
Speaking in Parliament on that day, I gave a call for creating a New India by 2022.
He said organizations such as FICCI have a responsibility to generate awareness about such issues.
However, credit rating agencies and multilateral agencies are conscious of this de facto debt in their appraisals.
“Best wishes for @InvestJharkhand.
Emphasized the need for enhanced private sector investment in a wide range of important sectors, underlining there was great potential for enhancement and expansion of mutual trade relations,
Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Come, over the next few days, let us try to the fullest extent possible to make each one of our sportspersons feel proud, to reward them for their endeavours and exertions; and today, as I speak on the Rio Olympics, I would like to mention the name of a poetry lover, Suraj Prakash Upadhyay a student of the Punjab Central University, who has sent me a poem.
Along with our shared land boundaries are our shared rivers.
The Prime Minister greeted people on Eid-ul-Milad and Christmas, and added that tomorrow was also the birthday of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Beyond East and Southeast Asia, our partnerships are strong and growing.
He said that this was the first attempt at compiling the names of martyrs on this scale.
The concept of Open Acreage Policy will enable E&P companies choose the blocks from the designated area.
Presently, the major chunk of projects (599 projects out of 840) with 72.12% approved cost (Rs.5375.12 crore out of total Rs.7453.02 crore) and 66% of pending liabilities (Rs 1518.64 crore out of Rs 2299.72 crore) for all ongoing projects is funded through “the Schemes of NEC- Special Development Project”-wherein funds for the selected projects are shared between Centre and State on 90:10 basis and the execution of work is done by the respective State Governments.
(2) Concurred on Certificate Covering Prawn Feed/ Shrimp Feed/ Fish Feed for export from Japan to India in October 2018.
He reiterated the highest importance that India attaches to its relationship with the Maldives.
That is our commitment to a green and sustainable future.
In the Water Supply and Sanitation sector, he unveiled a plaque to mark the foundation stone of Motijheel Project, the Bettiah Nagar Parishad Water Supply Scheme, and four Ganga Projects, namely: the Saidpur Sewage Network, Patna; the Pahari Sewage Network, Zone 4, Patna; the Pahari Sewagw Network, Zone 5, Patna; and the Pahari STP project.
This will give a boost to imparting training on the management of marine aids to navigation based on IALA Model Course E-141/1 and accordingly facilitate the delivery of a professional training course as per the IALA guidelines.
Giving a boost to road transport and connectivity in, the Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation Four Laned Section of Solapur – Tuljapur – Osmanabad of NH-211 (New NH-52).
The practice of Yoga 30 minutes before school can impart much benefit.
The objective of the Agreement is to encourage, develop and facilitate co­operation between India and Denmark in fields of common interest within Science, Technology and Innovation.
We are therefore good Asian and good global economic citizens, and a source of demand to our trading partners.
He commended their dedication towards education and for making it their life mantra.
“I can make one fight against one hundred and fifteen thousands,
The outlay for this scheme would be over Rs. 16000 crore.
This increases the challenge for government in communicating and in meeting rising expectations.
At a time when People are gobbling up medicines indiscriminately and passing their days, Yoga plays a very vital role in helping people to lead a stress-free life.
UN completes 70 years in service of humanity, committed to its goal of making the world a peaceful place.
This was beneficial for the farmers.”
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted engineers on Engineers’ Day.
India and Russia have a long history of close cooperation in international fora on matters of mutual interest.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his condolences to the people of Israel, on the demise of former Israel President Mr. Shimon Peres.
‘Hello Mr. Prime Minister, I am Neerja Singh calling from Kanpur.
We should catalogue and map our clothing diversity and clearly earmark strengths and specialties of each state or region.
I have attended four East Asia Summits.
Accordingly, a template of framework MoU for space cooperation was provided to Indian High Commission to Bangladesh & MEA in August 2016 for further processing at Government level, for which Bangladesh side has given its concurrence in December 2016.
As two maritime trading nations, and as members of the Indian Ocean Rim Association, we also need to stand guard against sea borne threats.
In the past, in order to work on areas such as Demand Side Management and Energy Efficiency, Forum of Regulators had signed an MoU with The California Energy Commission, The California Public Utilities Commission and the University of California (as Management and Operating Contractor for Lawrence Berkley National Laboratory) on Electricity Demand and Supply Efficiency Improvement to explore potential future collaboration in the field of energy sector planning.
Technology has brought about great change in the media.
The pipeline, built with enhanced safety features, will ensure safe and reliable supply of crude oil, and will cater to the needs of Tamil Nadu and neighbouring states.
Dear brothers and sisters, today is the birth anniversary of a great poet of our country – Shriman Harivansh Rai Bachchan Ji and on this occasion today, Shriman Amitabh Bachchan Ji has given a slogan for Swachhta Mission.
This includes roads, ports, railways, airports, telecom, digital networks and clean energy.
We are committed to a permanent and peaceful solution to the issue of Jammu & Kashmir in accordance with the basic principles of the Constitution.
Issues such as deradicalization and terrorism figured in the discussions.
Implementation strategy
Reminding the children about the significance of the day – 23rd January, Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose’s birth anniversary – the Prime Minister urged the children to read as much as possible, and especially read biographies of leaders, sportspersons and other people who have done great deeds in their lives.
It will go a long way in strengthening ties and promoting bilateral relations between India and United Kingdom.
“Pradhan Mantri ji, I am Aparna from Pune.
I am pleased, but also believe it is natural, that we will issue a Railways Rupee Bond in London.
Under the aegis of this campaign, separate programmes on village development, poverty amelioration and social justice will be held throughout India.
This we have to do physically.
This will be the first ESIC Medical College and Hospital in North India.
Speaking to the accompaniment of a presentation, the Prime Minister recounted how he had set a target of electrifying over 18000 unelectrified villages within 1000 days.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Amendment to the Trade Unions Act, 1926 to make provisions regarding Recognition of Trade Unions.
· Meeting of Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) – 25 to 26 June (Johannesburg)
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ex post-facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Cambodia on Cooperation in the field of Communications.
On the 23rd of January, the country celebrated the birth anniversary of Netaji in an uncommon, special manner.
Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas, Government of India has joined AMF TCP as its 16th member on 9th May, 2018.
The provisions for Central Government employees under Central Civil Services (Pension) Rules, 1972 with regard to gratuity are also similar.
Out of the designated sample in the survey, 70% of respondents on an average happen to be listeners who regularly tune in to ‘’Mann Ki Baat’.
The Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill, 2017 seeks to give comfort to the consumers of financial service providers in financial distress.
Addresses the City of London at Guildhall.
I salute these valiant soldiers and pay my tributes to them.
The proposal includes undertaking of activities like:
PMSSY has two components –
With each wave of new technology, many new opportunities arise.
Three Ujjwala beneficiaries were present at each of over 600 centres across the length and breadth of the country, for this interaction.
A bumper harvest production has been our major achievement.
The new dawn of the New Year, comes with the resolve of new success.
We must also do so because our pressing challenges are not from one another, but common to each of us.
He said that this includes the martyrs of the Jallianwala Bagh massacre, the non-cooperation movement, the Quit India Movement, and those soldiers of the Azad Hind Fauj, who attained martyrdom, among many others.
Shri Deepak Bagla, Managing Director & CEO, Invest India
We are reducing dependence on fossil fuels.
Similarly, the birthplace of Babasaheb which is Mhou of Madhya Pradesh is being developed as a pilgrimage centre.
That is why, the need of the hour is that humanitarian forces should become more alert and cautious.
At Adalaj, Gandhinagar
And that commercial disputes will be resolved efficiently.
We express concern at the spill-over effects of macro-economic policy measures in some major advanced economies that may cause economic and financial volatility in emerging economies and impact their growth prospects adversely.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to transfer 11.35 acres of land to Airports Authority of India (AAI) by way of exchanging equivalent land of AAI at Anisabad.
And I enjoy my youth too.
Prime Minister Abe stressed the importance of early entry into force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT).
The Prime Minister said that Indian values and culture offer solutions to many problems being faced by humanity.
Sri Lanka was among the first supporters of the UN resolution on this subject in 2014.
* 1 Gigagram (Gg) = 109 grams; Greenhouse gases are converted to CO2 equivalents (CO2e or CO2eq) using their respective Global Warming Potentials.
He emphasized the need for the Railways to upgrade and diversify the uses of its infrastructure.
However, over the last four and a half years around 8 crore ghost beneficiaries have been taken out of the system.
This university will set Indian Railways on the path of modernisation and help India become a global leader in transport sector by enhancing productivity and promoting ‘Make in India’.
However, if any household has a class 10th-12th student, he would definitely know about technology.
New systems are emerging.
The delegation expressed its strong support of the Prime Minister’s vision for making India a five trillion dollar economy in the near future.
He will address a diverse gathering, consisting of farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials, and legislators.
The MoU would enhance cooperation in the field of Disaster Management and contribute to the well-being and safety of the people of both the countries in the event of disaster.
My dear countrymen, October is about to end.
Name of MoUs/Agreements
(viii). Participation in travel fairs/exhibitions in each other’s country.
I am happy to learn that The Royal Government of Bhutan has opened Bhutanese Consulate in Guwahati yesterday.
IES Amount (In US$ million)
Efforts at artificially distorting prices are self-defeating,as history has shown us.
We have got very good results of these efforts.
As I said every village have live stock in abundance.
We want a quantum jump.
23. Both sides underlined the importance of ASEM as an informal platform for connecting Asia and Europe.
Connecting with nature means nurturing a better planet.
The India-ASEAN partnership may be just 25 years old.
Signed by Indian side
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of a joint issue of postage stamps between Department of Posts and Portugal Post.
As on date, 102 crore Aadhaar cards have been distributed in our country of 128 crore people.
From this holy land, I once again convey my best wishes to the Yoga enthusiast all over the world.
Background:
We encourage cooperation between the CRA and the IMF.
In this context, he called for greater information sharing among CPSEs and Government Departments.
The Prime Minister garlanded the statue of Shahid Chandrashekhar Azad and visited the memorial at his birthplace.
Here is the Anthem of the T20 World Cup for the blind: “https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0EN-zqS530” the Prime Minister said.
Till now there has been callous attitude towards Infrastructure development in our country.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister remarked that rarely has an institution left its imprint on three centuries.
The MoU will foster strong working relations between the ICAI & NBAA, Tanzania.
And Now we have seen the result positive.
Young students, you are the streams that charge the wells of knowledge and expertise.
Under the Swachch Bharat Mission (Rural), we are taking rapid strides in this direction.
PM Abe acknowledged that under PM Modi’s leadership, the Indian economy was now serving as the engine of global growth.
We also propose to hold an International Conference on “Ocean economy and Pacific Island Countries” in New Delhi in 2016.
The MOU will promote bilateral cooperation in domestic workers related matters between the two countries.
Several important decisions have been taken in this budget keeping in mind the concerns 0f Senior Citizens.
Today, every citizen analyses, discusses, and attempts to cross-check and verify the news that comes to him, through multiple sources.
His valour played a major role in freeing India from colonialism.
Promotion of Government of India’s Flagship programmes – National Mission for Clean Ganga and Swachh Bharat Mission; and Social and Development projects identified by State Governments – was added to the mandate of IDF-OI.
The Sides welcomed mutual growth in tourism flows in the last two years, and agreed to facilitate this positive trend.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today considered the proposal of the Ministry of Home Affairs regarding amendment in the Sikh Gurdwaras Act, 1925 to remove the exception given to Sahjdhari Sikhs in 1944 to vote in the elections to the members of the Board and the Committees constituted under the Sikh Gurdwaras Act, 1925, by amending the Act through the Parliament.
The need to change cropping patterns based on scientific advice, use of drip and sprinkler irrigation, and fertigation for increasing water use efficiency, community participation, especially women, for better water management, was stressed.
We are launching schemes that will support our mission.
It is always a pleasure to return to Singapore.
But Friends, it is not that our society has got rid of all the evils.In such a large country with unique diversity there are great challenges.
States, proposing new metro projects will be required to indicate in project report the proposals and investments that would be made for such services.
There should not be a single school-college ground in India where we will not see our youngsters at play.
It is all pervasive, touching the lives of all and all inclusive.
At G20,we can play an effective role in supporting the multilateral goals of increasing research and development to develop affordable renewable energy.
• 3 Anti Tank Guns and 4 Anti Aircraft Guns were seized.
I noticed something else this time – one is that we clean up a place, and the second is that we become aware and do not spread filth; but if we have to inculcate cleanliness as a habit, we must start an idea- based movement also.
This session is important.
Overloading of two wheelers
On Gujarat’s statehood day my greetings to the people of Gujarat.
More than three years ago, I landed at dawn in Fiji to start a successful new phase of engagement with Pacific Island Nations.
Spoke to the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Thiru Edappadi K. Palaniswami regarding the situation arising due to cyclone conditions in the state.
This time a number of competitions were organized on the theme “Cleanliness is Service”.
The eleven regional language websites can be accessed at the following links:
For multiple reasons and at multiple levels, the world is going through profound changes.
In the midst of immense and varied stress, all these individuals are working hard, maintaining a calm and composed demeanour, taking it as a Yagya of Service to the Nation, an attempt towards a great transformation.
The proposed amendments to the NITSER Act, 2007 will ensure a high levels of public accountability and increased participation of the. stakeholders in the administration and academic activities of the Institute.
The two leaders co-hosted the Founding Summit of the International Solar Alliance in New Delhi on 11 March 2018.
For urban areas, 11 defined occupational categories are entitled under the scheme.
This phone call will also attract your attention.
As per the decisions taken in Kigali, India will complete its phase down in 4 steps from 2032 onwards with cumulative reduction of 10% in 2032, 20% in 2037, 30% in 2042 and 85% in 2047.
CONNECTIVITY
And I require your physical help, your own time, your own resolve and I am sure that you will not disappoint me because we are the ones nurturing the desire to change for better the life of the poor people of India.
In 1899, plague broke out in Calcutta and hundreds of people lost their lives in no time.
Of these the Executive Group ‘A’ cadre has sanctioned strength of 4065 officers (4109 including the IPS quota).
He was briefed on various aspects of the Command and Control Centre.
The insulation is meant to keep heat and noise to very low levels for additional passenger comfort.
Such fears are neither un-founded nor new.
Gold Savings Account:-
We emphasise the importance of upholding and supporting the objectives of FATF and to intensify our cooperation to implement and improve its Standards on Combating Money Laundering and the Financing of Terrorism and Proliferation in FATF.
Among the projects inaugurated are the Varanasi City Gas Distribution Project, and the Varanasi-Ballia MEMU train.
That is why good quality medicines are made available at affordable prices.
Memorandum for general consultancy has been signed by JICA with the Ministry of Railways, NHSRCL and JV of Japanese consultants and marks an important development in the project timeline.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, inaugurated modern food processing facilities, including Amul’s ultra-modern Chocolate Plant, at Anand today.
There is a need to work unitedly to address issues such as terrorism, climate change, economic development to social justice through universal cooperation and co-ordination.
400 KV D/C Jalandhar-Samba-Rajouri- Shopian-Amargarh(Sopore) transmission lane will be dedicated to the nation by PM.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
At Auroville, the material and the spiritual, co-exist in harmony.
In this context, he also mentioned the LPG and petroleum projects launched today.
The Government of Punjab had ordered the establishment of State-of-the- Art Advanced Cattle Farm, construction of which is in full swing.
My dear countrymen, Navratras are going on.
India will be friends with both Saudi Arabia and Iran.
And, no Mr. Speaker, we have not yet claimed intellectual property right on Yoga.
4. The President of India met the President of Maldives on 17 December 2018, and hosted a banquet in honour of President Solih later the same evening.
So far, 243 applications have been received under the scheme, out of which 75 applications have been approved involving investment proposals of Rs. 17,997 crore.
Dr. Bhupen Hazarika’s song “We are in the same boat brother” which you are going to hear soon is all about SAARC Nations.
I had urged them to focus on these children’s future, on their return home.
The Prime Minister met each athlete individually, besides interacting informally with the athletes.
This is the true path to free individuals, families, societies, nations and the world at large from the three poisons of greed, hatred and ignorance.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
For example, precision medicine using the tools of gene-technologies is now a reality.
While expressing their satisfaction at the positive momentum since the last bilateral Summit in St. Petersburg in June 2017, the two leaders directed their officials to prepare concrete outcomes for the forthcoming Summit in India later this year.
Or make lightening strike
Both CRUK and DBT will invest £5 million (approx.
See that you gain a new experience.
We have merged the OCI and PIO cards and we have made the visas life-long.
Remember this doesn’t require any guarantee for such people who couldn’t even go to the banks.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today offered floral tributes to the architect of India’s Constitution, Babasaheb Ambedkar on his 125th birth anniversary, at his birthplace in Mhow.
The Treaty seeks to promote and protect investments from either country in the territory of the other country with the objective of increasing bilateral investment flows.
Its portability and usability, also make it a source of empowerment of women who traditionally are the main owners of gold jewellery.
When each of the five hundred odd towns produces ten Startups and each of our six hundred thousand villages produce six small businesses, on a regular basis, we will create an enormous economic momentum and generate a huge number of jobs in our country.
(b) Development of infrastructure:
He said these projects are going to improve “ease of living” for the people of the State.
I am confident that Def-Expo will provide the opportunity to professionals and industry to find new meeting ground for developing military industrial enterprises.
This is what Prabhakar Reddy has said, something which I would have perhaps dared not to say because I am not very particular when it comes to sleeping.
He said that the teachings of Lord Buddha have shaped many nations.
Traders should adopt this scheme themselves and should encourage their customers too in order to make their business cashless.
Many persons are ignorant about their life objective.
He stressed the importance of demonstrable and immediate action by the concerned for putting an end to all forms of terrorism and ending all support to it.
There cannot be any bigger pleasure for me than to know that my visit has been connected with the cleanliness campaign.
Earlier this month, at an event in Bhopal, the Prime Minister had focused on the human element of our brave jawans.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Car Nicobar today.
We also need to enhance awareness of the masses and educate them about the opportunities which inclusive policies and use of technology open up for them.
(b) Skill development and placement as under Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameem Kaushal Yojana to be allowed administrative expenses as part of NRLM.
We will take a decision on that after both sides have come to an agreement on Jerusalem.”
This, in turn, is transforming governance and public service.
The lesson for us is that when we are determined to do something we gradually move towards the desired goal.
In this context he mentioned the Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana, which would provide power connections to all the estimated four crore households which currently did not have a power connection.
Everything has to be for all, not a select few.
Paradigm shifts are taking place in the Sector – bringing to fore complex issues of regulation, enforcement and security – requiring higher levels of technical supervision in the Department of telecommunications.
Pakistan forgets that it bombs its own citizens using fighter planes.
Friends, I admit that I am little late in visiting this great country.
In Berlin, Chancellor Merkel and I will interact with top business leaders of both the countries to further strengthen our trade and investment ties.
He added that this is a fight for the future of India’s youth.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has strongly condemned the terror attacks in Afghanistan yesterday.
These corridors of phase – 4 project will expand the coverage of Metro network thereby connecting more areas of the national capital.
India is now ready for business as never before.
If one possesses the will & the determination, a firm resolve to achieve something, nothing is impossible.
He said this has become possible because the Union Government has kept national interest supreme.
Earlier in 2015, Government had approved revival of these three units through ‘bidding route’.
“Mr. Dileep Padgaonkar was a leading public thinker whose contribution to journalism will always be remembered.
Our resources may be modest, but our will is boundless.
They guide us to overcome inherent weaknesses of both body and mind.
He said that the task of accomplishing Swachh Bharat, though difficult, is not impossible to achieve.
Recalling the joint statement on terrorism adopted by the two countries in January 2016, the two leaders reaffirmed their strong determination to eliminate terrorism everywhere it is to be found.
The essential features of the ASA are as follows:
Let us show respect to such individuals.
The proposed regulatory structure will enable transparency and accountability for protecting the interest of the general public.
There is no time for incremental changes.
14. Express our appreciation for former Secretary-General Mr. Sumith Nakandala’s valuable contribution in advancing the work of BIMSTEC during his tenure and welcome the appointment of Mr. M. Shahidul Islam of Bangladesh as the Secretary General of BIMSTEC.
Today, in every scheme of this government you will see a glimpse of the efforts to give equal rights to all without discrimination.
The cyclone hit on November 30, 2017, and the search and rescue operations, began the same day.
He said India’s use of technology is becoming a model for the developing countries.
This year also, we have been fortunate to be the hosts of the Men’s Hockey World Cup 2018 in Bhubaneshwar.
The Prime Minister complimented the legal fraternity for giving strength to Alternative Dispute Resolution mechanisms.
Their advice has a bearing on the country’s corporate governance, he added.
I would request all of you to take best care of yourselves and take care of your health as well and also take care of social interests.
It is reflected in our festivals, and in our ancient texts.
Central University of Gujarat, Gujarat
Further, in case there is a reduction in AGR of the service provider, the floor amount of SUC shall be reduced proportionately.
10. They can go to specified offices of the Reserve Bank of India up to 31st March 2017 and deposit the notes after submitting a declaration form.
However, except for 2-3 crore farmers from the upper level, a large number of farmers are not in its ambit.
Facilities for air upliftment of perishable cargo from Guwahati are required to be more effective.
Chennai airport will be modernized with provision of e gates, biometric based passenger screening systems, various other features and will decongest the existing international departure terminal.
The Committee will also consider financing strategic projects through Public Sector banks other than EXIM Bank on the same terms.
Media also prominently highlights such programmes, A few days ago, I went to Kutch in Gujarat.
Just as there is a prepaid card for mobile phones, prepaid cards are also available in banks to facilitate expenditure.
We have moved towards universal neem-coating of urea.
He said rising urbanization in India requires most modern infrastructure including metro networks, waste management systems etc.
We should also contribute towards their welfare.
You may now like them, re-tweet them, post them to your friends.
And we must keep reminding our country of its democratic strength from time to time.
iii. Encourage cooperation between educational, training and research institutions in the field of Mass Media & Communication.
My dear countrymen, when development becomes a mass movement, a big transformation takes place.
He started his own show from Germany and he would constantly update the Indian citizens about the Independence movement through radio.
But even after so many years of independence there is no equality in the lives of millions of people.
He warned that institutions which do not evolve appropriate responses to emerging situations, risked irrelevance.
He said well executed projects and schemes should serve as case studies, so that their success can be emulated.
There has been a paradigm shift in the role of Department of Telecommunications as well as the Department of Posts in recent years.
India is emerging as a hub of start-ups in a wide range of areas and we aspire to take this further.
He said about 40 Temples near the Kashi Vishwanath Temple, had been encroached over time, and have now been freed of that encroachment.
Indian Railways operates on the principle of maximum public welfare, and in this context, this bonus payment will help in improving accountability and efficiency in railways operations.
In response, the Prime Minister said that he does not believe that exposure to technology is, per se, bad for students.
We are among the world’s oldest civilisations.
14.45 km stretch of Metro from Patna Junction to New ISBT
I take this opportunity to share with you some of my thoughts on the expectations from the hydrocarbon sector and our endeavour to achieve energy security.
These, I hope, will eventually not become competing regimes, but the foundations of an integrated economic community in the region.
AARDO currently has 31 countries of the African – Asian Region under its fold.
The EXIM Bank was set up as a statutory Corporation in 1982 under the Export Import Bank of India Act, 1981 for providing financial assistance to exporters and importers, and for functioning as principal financial institution for coordinating the working of institutions, engaged in financing export and import of goods and services.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
India supports all efforts to find an acceptable solution to all the pending issues, including Jerusalem.
Subjects such as construction permits, enforcement of contracts, registering property, starting a business, getting electricity, getting credit, and resolving insolvency came up for discussion.
It will remind us of the inclusive spirit of Lord Shiva.
He said the vision behind rural roads was also to connect agricultural produce with markets.
It is in this context that this conference becomes timely and relevant.
I am all the more happy that this is the occasion when the National Emergency Ambulance service is being extended all over Sri Lanka.
And, this award is for the people who have always put societal good above individual ambitions.
When I had taken this decision and presented it before you, then also I had said openly that it was not an ordinary decision, it was one fraught with difficulties.
The aim is ‘per drop, more crop’.
The Prime Minister noted that India and Vietnam have a longstanding and mutually beneficial relationship in the field of defence, and reiterated India’s resolve to strengthen defence ties further.
He described GST as a “Good and Simple Tax” which would ultimately benefit the people.
The India-Bhutan friendship treaty signed in New Delhi in February, 2007 also strengthens the mutual relations.
Because even the British who raised a mighty empire used to be terrified of him.
Brothers and sisters these steps have been taken after well planning and thinking and keeping the interests of countrymen and I hope we will succeed, the country will succeed.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired a high level meeting on the drought and water scarcity situation in parts of Odisha.
It was a historic day because it was the first visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Jaffna.
Luncheon Meeting of BRICS Health Ministers and Heads of Delegation on the margins of 69th World Health Assembly (24 May 2016, Geneva) 10.
The scheme on Diesel Subsidy will be implemented with the participation of the State Governments/UT Administration, with a view to offset the cost of diesel used for pumping water for providing supplementary irrigation/protective irrigation.
The Prime Minister recalled his visit to Kedarnath a few days ago, and said he is filled with awe at the work done by Adi Shankara, in that remote location, as well as at other places across India, in his relatively short life-span.
We want to build India as a driver in Electric Vehicles.
I wonder whether, if the fertiliser subsidy is re-named as “incentive for agricultural production”, some experts will view it differently.
The SlCI is governed by Executive Council, formerly known as Board of Directors, which has three representatives each of Canadian and Indian Member Councils and representatives of Government of Canada and Government of India.
Safety is of two kinds – one is safety during disasters and the other is safety in everyday life.
Hence have bring change in society by standing firmly against this discriminatory approach.
We also reaffirmed our commitment to undertake mutual cooperation for reducing the cost of deployment of renewable energy.
Additional projects worth Rs. 13000 crore is in progress in the state, he added.
I will also see some recent technological innovations at the Google (Alphabet) campus and Tesla Motors.
We thank you for your belief in and steadfast support for India-Sri Lanka relations.
I see this in the work of Dr. Subramaniam, Malaysia’s Cabinet Minister for Health.
I also share the same feeling.
With the new integrated Terminal building in Trichy, the airport can handle 3.63 million passengers per annum on full capacity and 2,900 passengers at peak hour with provision for expansion.
Initiatives like GST and strict action against corruption has helped people doing honest business.
Several efforts were made in past to arrest the declining trend but it could not succeed to turn around.
The Agreement will stimulate the flow of exchange of information between India and Samoa for tax purposes which will help curb tax evasion and tax avoidance.
He hoped that Amaravathi would become a model for cities across the country.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today gave its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Bhutan on technical cooperation in the field of capacity building, benchmarking and bilateral exchange in infrastructure engineering.
It will ensure water availability to boost industrial and commercial growth.
The Commission functions according to certain rules framed under the railways Act and executive instructions issued from time to time.
The impact of Swachcha Bharat Abhiyan is that the cleanliness in rural area has increased from just 38 per cent in 2014 to 98 per cent now with the NDA Government in power.
He said this could help in proper location of examination centres, to minimize difficulties in access for the students.
Bapu during his lifetime attached greater importance to cleanliness than even to freedom.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Sao Tome and Principe for Cooperation in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine and Homoeopathy.
DAY – NRLM recognizes the importance of achieving the post-2015 agenda and Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), as well as other global priorities, that relate to rural poverty reduction, sustainable rural livelihoods, rural employment, social protection, good governance and gender equality.
Watch it on your mobile
SENIOR OFFICIAL AND SECTORAL MEETINGS:
It’s an example of a New India.
If society practices this discrimination it will break society.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, all the beneficiaries expressed happiness in owning a house, which has always been a dream.
Presently there are about 62,000 registered Kashmiri migrant families residing in Jammu, Delhi, NCR and other parts of country.
Both Sides called for enhancing efforts to provide necessary humanitarian assistance to bring the long drawn suffering of the Syrian people to an end soon, bearing in mind urgent reconstruction needs and return of refugees and internally displaced persons.
My thoughts are with families of the deceased and prayers with the injured.
He congratulated the people of India on the occasion, and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and progress, and deliver results quickly.
“Heard about strong earthquake in Afghanistan-Pakistan region whose tremors have been felt in parts of India.
I see great untapped potential in this for investors.
29. Welcomed the renaming of the Indian Cultural Centre in Kuala Lumpur as “Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose Indian Cultural Centre”;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Swami Dayananda Saraswati, on his anniversary.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Jyotiba Phule, the prominent social reformer of the nineteenth century, on his Punya Tithi.
It means, for example, 50 million new houses so that there is roof over every head in 2022.
Constitution of an Organized Group ‘A’ Service would attract the best talents available and bring in technically qualified Material Managers.
I am aware of the social and charitable works done by various institutions and programmes run by Amma.
Mr. Ahmad Assaf, Minister of Palestinian Public Broadcasting Corporation and Official Media on behalf of Minister of Finance
This shows our commitment towards welcoming Korean people and companies; ideas and investments.
In the Act of 1968, the definition of “enemy” was as follows: “enemy” or “enemy subject” or “enemy firm” means a person or country who or which was an enemy, an enemy subject or an enemy firm, as the case may be, under the Defence of India Act and Rules, but does not include a citizen of India.
10 waterways of Kerala have been omitted, 17 waterways have been merged with the existing waterways and 18 waterways (5 Karnataka, 5 Meghalaya, 3 Maharashtra, 3 Kerala, 1 each from Tamilnadu and Rajasthan) have been added, thus, making a total of 106 waterways that have been finalized for declaration as new National Waterways in addition to the 5 existing waterways.
Your apprehension is not misplaced.
GST Council has decided 1st July as the date of commencement of GST.
Economic activities too should be back on track.
1- BRICS Action Agenda on Economic and Trade Cooperation
Prime Minister Modi conveyed that India attaches the highest priority to further strengthening unique ties of friendship and cooperation with Bhutan, which is based on shared interests and values, utmost trust, goodwill and mutual understanding.
The two Prime Ministers welcomed the intention of the Indian Ministry of Tourism and the UK Department for Culture, Media and Sport to sign a Memorandum of Understanding on Tourism to promote safe and sustainable tourism between the two countries.
Many of you may be getting to know this for the first time.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Silvassa the capital of Dadra & Nagar Haveli tomorrow on 19 January 2019.
Recalling successful wide-ranging discussions, inter alia, in Sochi in May and during President Putin’s visit to New Delhi in October for the Annual Summit, the leaders agreed to maintain the momentum in the bilateral relations.
It is realising it’s true potential and people’s aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
As the TIR Carnet represents a guarantee for Customs duties and taxes and traffic in transit, there is no need for payment of such taxes and duties en route.
The two sides agreed to undertake text based negotiations on Preferential Trade Agreement as well as conclusion of Bilateral Investment Treaty in a fixed time frame.
Besides avoiding large scale deforestation and tree-cutting, the tunnel will provide a safe, all-weather route to commuters travelling from Jammu and Udhampur, to Ramban, Banihal and Srinagar.
Housing, smart cities, railway stations, water, transportation, railways, sea ports, energy including renewables, IT infrastructure and services, electronics, are all very promising sectors in my country.
I am delighted to be part of the celebrations of the “Make in India Week.”
It is heartening to note that our bilateral trade crossed 20 billion dollars last year, for the first time in six years.
He said that the Government is also investing about one lakh crore rupees to complete long pending irrigation projects, which will be of great and lasting help to farmers in many parts of the country.
Come let us all follow what Mahatma Gandhi said and take a few steps towards fulfilling his wish.
Yoga offers a timeless, simple, and healthy alternative.
Both leaders reviewed progress on decisions and agreements made during that visit.
We are also united in our resolve to combat the menace of terrorism, especially cross-border terrorism.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy for training and education in the fields of Labour and Employment.
The Prime Minister exhorted the gathering to make a contribution towards the New India of 2022, when the country will celebrate 75 years of freedom.
We reinforce our commitment to upholding multilateralism and to working together on the implementation of the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals as we foster a more representative, democratic, equitable, fair and just international political and economic order.
Hence, this step will not only serve a noble cause, but will also increase the strength of the publication itself.
Innumerable such incidents come to light everyday through television, media, newspapers and mutual conversations.
If we do that, it gives us energy.
The Centre will promote sustainable agricultural development and poverty alleviation through strategic cooperation in agriculture to provide food security in the BRICS member countries.
We know that whenever an Indian achieves something notable, the whole country feels a new energy and the self-confidence gets a boost.
We also prioritized practical and specific engagement such as in the cyber domain.
He spoke at length about other schemes including distribution of soil health cards, Mission Indradhanush and progress towards rural electrification targets, to show the speed and commitment of the Union Government in implementing public welfare initiatives.
This support for capital expenditure by way of repayment of EAP loans would help and assist the newly formed state of Andhra Pradesh to put the State’s finances on a firmer footing and promote economic growth.
I hope that the day will come soon when energy from Central Asia will power prosperity in our region; when a Kabuliwala can once again come across easily to win Indian hearts; when we in India can relish the wonderful fruits of Afghanistan; when Afghans do not have to pay an enormous price to buy their favourite products from India.
In all directions, our maritime interests are strategic and significant.
Sometimes we hear disappointing news about our nation.
He mentioned the Government’s emphasis on efficiency, transparency, growth and benefit for all.
This flagship Trade Show is spread over an area of 200,000 sq.
The global economic growth remains weak, with slowdown in several major economies, volatile financial markets and competitive devaluation of currencies.
The waters of Indian Ocean connect us.
Left Wing Extremism, Maoism have been bleeding the country.
PM will distribute cheques to select beneficiaries to mark the launch of DBT scheme for farmers to purchase mobile phones under e-NAM.
This temple of democracy has encouraged and empowered other democracies the world over.
‘Mann Ki Baat’ in a way has completed a year.
She has made me aware of an incident: –
New AIIMS are being opened in various states with a view to providing better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
Starting with just 15 children from the slums near Geeta Colony in New Delhi it is now being run at 12 places and two thousand children have been brought under its fold.
My dear countrymen, we celebrate 5th September as Teacher’s Day.
We sought a fair and equitable access to markets and resources.
The students and teachers here have come through a national ‘Ideathon’ competition and hail from all over the country.
The Prime Minister explained how better road rail and air connectivity is being provided to the North East, with the overall vision of “Transformation through Transportation.”
He visited the Datta Temple and was conferred the Peetham honours.
In a way, we terrify a patient with constant references to his ailment.
Monitoring of the Scheme
Our independence was ignited by the same idealism that fuelled your struggle for freedom.
India’s growth story is not only good for the people of India but also for the entire world.
• a real-time landslide warning system in the Sikkim-Darjeeling region.
These funds will be used to promote local initiatives and innovations to improve learning outcomes.
Brothers and sisters I have special expectations from Pune.
Our innovative entrepreneurs, talented work force and R&D capabilities combined with large markets, demographic dividend and increasing economic competitiveness offer new growth sources for the world economy.
Government of India had organized a Mega Camp for DIVYANG persons and a number of world records were established that day.
The story of human development has been of wide spread technological advancement and growing economic prosperity.
When dreams, hard work and aspirations of 125 crores people come together, what can’t be achieved?
Development projects worth Rs. 4000 crores unveiled for Arunachal Pradesh
· BRICS Space Agencies Forum (Pretoria)
But, I have always seen Singapore in loftier terms.
He campaigned across the country against illiteracy, cow slaughter and cast feeling.
In order to commemorate the 25th Anniversary of Independence in 1972, a regular scheme for grant of freedom fighters’ pension was introduced.
Our space scientists keep scripting history.
Both sides agreed to actively pursue the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding on collaboration in oil and gas exploration projects in third countries.
46. India and France acknowledged the importance of connectivity in today’s globalised world.
He also recalled his recent visit to Tashkent, where he had unveiled a statue of Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri.
o A state should not conduct or knowingly support ICT-enabled theft of intellectual property, including trade secrets or other confidential business information, with the intent of providing competitive advantages to companies or commercial sectors;
Chief Minister of Goa, Shri Laxmikant Parsekar today called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi and presented him a cheque worth approximately Rs. 1.9 crore towards Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund (PMNRF).
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Tanzania in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine and Homeopathy.
The Prime Minister said that a strong forensic science setup, helps in ensuring civic safety, and curbing crime, much the same way as an efficient police force and an effective judiciary.
His Excellency the President of the Swiss Federation,
Every person in the care and custody of the state shall have right to HIV prevention, testing, treatment and counseling services.
The IPPB will obtain banking licence from RBI by March 2017 and by September 2017, its services will be available across the country through 650 payments bank branches, linked post offices and alternative channels riding on modern technology including mobiles, ATMs, PoS/ m-PoS devices etc and simple digital payments.
This event is the first of its kind in South Asia.
Well, nowadays they are thinking of Baba Bhole instead of Baba Saheb.
The MoUs signed with Cuba and Korea respectively, are in the agreed areas of collaboration and objectives in the field of Science & Technology, wherever the expertise in these areas exist in the country.
Describing the Astole Water Supply Scheme, for which the Foundation Stone was laid today, as an engineering marvel in the making, the Prime Minister said that clean drinking water saves people from diseases.
Therefore, we are continuously working to improve our investment climate.
Can we connect India’s farmers with markets around the world?
These minute stories encompassing a 130 crore countrymen will always stay alive.
PM told that Dadra and Nagar Haveli has a huge potential for Tourism.
I would like to give our industry some friendly advice.
My dear countrymen, today is 25th September, the birth anniversary of Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyay Ji and his birth centenary year commences from today.
Chennai, Koimbatoor, Madurai, Tanjavur, all these big cities are among the ten cities in the state which have been selected for the Smart City Mission.
The Bill would pave the way in changing the names of the High Court of Judicature at Bombay as High Court of Judicature at Mumbai and High Court of Judicature at Madras as High Court of Judicature at Chennai.
Brothers and sisters, you are from this field.
In this endeavour, he stood to lose a lot on his personal front.
And those were the targets that I would always try to achieve for myself.
The WHO fact sheet on the global burden of disease says that non-communicable diseases are the leading causes of death worldwide.
Our future prosperity rests on the foundation of security and stability in our region and the oceans, outer space and cyber world.
Congratulations Vikas Thakur for the Bronze in the men’s 94kg event.
He said the Smart City Mission will help prepare our cities to take up the challenges of New India; and prepare world class intelligent urban centres in India, for the 21st century.
Let there be tribal entrepreneurs in the tribal settlements of this country.
We are working on all fronts to make India a global manufacturing hub.
I am happy to note that the traditions of hygiene and cleanliness in the region got a boost with the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
“The great Bal Gangadhar Tilak inspired several people to devote themselves to the freedom struggle.
· From defence systems to cyber security
26th March is the Independence Day of Bangladesh.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condoled the demise of Swami Dayananda Saraswati.
But, I want to remind you, Mr. Prime Minister, that you owe me royalty for an election slogan.
This project will facilitate irrigation of agricultural land in Rajgarh district.
In the last four years, we have received FDI worth 263 billion Dollars.
Seminar on Port Led Development & Strategies to establish India as the Trans-shipment Hub of Asia
Lakshmi Ji is continuously serving society with her knowledge of herbal medicines.
Jayalalithaa ji’s connect with citizens, concern for welfare of the poor, the women & marginalized will always be a source of inspiration.
Japanese investors have faith in India’s economic future, which is marked with myriad opportunities.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Solapur in Maharashtra tomorrow.
There are others who have spoken forcefully on the debts and dues of history.
Employment opportunities will be more in the years to come.
As such, let you actions guide and lead others to:
The presentation of separate Railway budget started in the year 1924, and has continued after independence as a convention rather than under Constitutional provisions.
Thus, just in Fifteen Months, we have successfully restored the credibility of India in the eyes of global players.
He unveiled a statue of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya at the campus and paid floral tributes.
• inadequate capacity to deliver public services effectively and efficiently,
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people on the start of Chingam, the first month of the Malayalam New Year.
Introduction of the e-Visa has been a game changer for Indian Tourism.
Start Ups have always been the engine of progress.
Armed with the good wishes of a hundred and twenty five crore countrymen, there is no question of a retreat.
We have begun a series of concerted steps.
This would enable preparation of specific proposals in this area including their implementation within the framework of the Intergovernmental Russian-Indian Commission on Trade-Economic, Scientific-Technical and Cultural cooperation.
India had a leadership position in Information Technology.
The work-plan of Agro-Industrial Cooperation between us today is an important step in this direction.
The Prime Minister said that it is alarming to see many youngsters getting addicted to substance abuse.
It represents the drive towards technology-centric, and environment-friendly mass rapid urban transport systems.
A group of 30 schoolgirls, from Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today in New Delhi.
The amendments brought in to the MMDR Act in 2015 is a step in this direction.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, held one on one meeting, with the leaders of various automotive and transportation companies from all over the world, in New Delhi.
It’s a matter of pride for all Indians that today as the rising sun will progress on its journey, as the sunrays will reach the earth and light is spread, in all those places people will welcome the sun with Yoga.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, todayinteracted with citizens fromvillages across the country which has been electrified since 2014.
I am Abhishek Kumar Pandey calling from Gorakhpur.
He said that around 1.5 crore houses has been built through PM Awas Yojana, out of which 15 lakh houses were built for the poor in urban areas.
The Prime Minister said the need of the hour is for all of us to work together with a common resolve to take the nation to new heights.
We are also keen to see that genuine investors and honest tax payers get quick and fair decisions on tax matters.
And when government functionaries take this initiative forward with the participation of the masses, it becomes even stronger.
I am delighted to visit this great country once again.
These are also among my priority areas in India’s development.
And, it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will be participating in 8th BRICS Summit and first BRICS-BIMSTEC Outreach Summit on 15-16 October, 2016 in Goa.
The Scheduled Areas were first notified in the year 1950.
It will examine the present structure of emoluments and conditions of service of Judicial Officers in the States and UTs.
· Under the “Japan-Asia Youth Exchange Program in Science” (Sakura Science Plan), 655 students and supervisors visited Japan from April 2017 through March 2018.
Is it just to increase the measured rate of GDP growth?
· ICTI – International Conference on Transport Infrastructure – 9 to 10 July (Pretoria)
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the defence scientists on the successful demonstration of India’s ballistic missile defence capability.
He dedicated to the nation, ESIC Hospital Chennai.
And, enhance productivity and create jobs in our economies through technological innovations and capacity addition.
Dilip Chauhan, from Ahmedabad, Gujarat, who is a visually challenged teacher, celebrated ‘Accessible India Day’ in his school.
Yoga for Young India.
Who brightened the homes of their fellow citizens?
He said that some people have the view that Modi has raised expectations as Prime Minister.
18. Both leaders reviewed efforts to promote bilateral trade and investment ties between the two countries.
It will ensure traceability of national and international standards, thereby developing new areas of expertise that may facilitate in tackling new challenges.
Let us begin today’s Mann Ki Baat with a phone call.
I will interact with the Indian community a programme in Johannesburg on 8th July.
This was a turning point in the entire journey of India’s freedom struggle, especially in the context of the methodology of the struggle.
The Proposal under the Smart Cities Mission seeks to facilitate creation of quality urban infrastructure which will lead to improvement in the quality of urban life.
At Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul’s ultra-modern Chocolate Plant.
In a way, a wave of positivity which emanated from India spread all over the world.
The country, in fact the world paid glowing tributes to him.
The present residential accommodations at West Ansari Nagar and Ayur Vigyan Nagar campuses are more than 50-60 years old and have outlived their utility.
Ladies and Gentlemen.
It was in South Africa, where Mahatma Gandhi had started his first Satyagraha and stood rock steady in protest of apartheid.
This is because Haryana , Delhi and Uttar Pradesh have different tax regimes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has conveyed his best wishes to the 6 women officers of the Navika Sagar Parikrama, who will begin their journey of circumnavigating the globe on board INSV Tarini, today.
He expressed satisfaction that over 7000 such villages had been electrified till now.
He also dedicated to the nation, a fully automatic milk processing and packaging plant; and a drinking water distribution pipeline for Joravarnagar and Ratanpur area of Surendranagar.
(iii). A multiple-entry gratis visa of three months’ validity, for stays up to 20 days during each visit, for the audit/financial and IT/computer officials who travel on stated official business to their respective Diplomatic Missions and Consulates General will be issued within 15 working days.
We can do, we are able -with this feeling he awakened the people of the country.This is self-confidence, the confidence that was in every drop of blood of that young Sanyasi.He brought back this self-confidence to the country.His mantra was “believe in yourself, love the country”.
He said the projects launched on the day, will transform the lives of people in Kanpur and Uttar Pradesh.
The Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, Mr. Chandrababu Naidu is the head of a committee which is considering various schemes under this.
PM said that these projects will usher in connectivity and development in the region and soon Dhule will give competition to Surat in terms of development.
He will arrive in Mysore on the afternoon of 02nd January.
India’s own quest for reforms in the global institutions is incomplete without an equal place for Africa.
Since then, these units are being deployed in elections in select Assembly and Parliamentary Constituencies.
Friends, today India is one of the fastest growing economies of the world.
He offered prayers at the Sanctum Sanctorum, and was given a rousing reception by the monks.
The Bill provides uniform regulatory environment to ensure speedy adjudication of disputes and orderly growth of the real estate sector.
Background
His slogan “Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan” is the hall mark of his grand personality.
Recently, CSIR has developed the first Ayurvedic medicine of the country for diabetic patients.
We have also revampedour up-stream policies and regulationsand brought transparency and competitiveness in the sectorthrough the launch of Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy.
· Child has received first cycle of BCG, OPV, DPT and Hepatitis-B or its equivalent/substitute.
On taking over as Prime Minister in May 2014, Shri Narendra Modi had inspected the PMO, and called for maintaining cleanliness, which in turn would raise productivity.
My dear countrymen, the government, society, institutions, organizations, in fact everyone, is making some or the other effort towards greater cleanliness.
He reiterated the Union Government’s commitment to double the income of farmers by 2022.
(ii). The development of solar parks or solar zones (if possible in close proximity to the Green Energy Corridors financed by KfW under Indo-German Financial Cooperation) and
The MoU will strengthen the existing relationship between UPSC and Public Service Commission of Mauritius.
GST is a fine example of the collective strength of the people of India.
He said the rising middle class, and the support provided to the carpet industry are two key factors behind the growth in this sector.
Under the NHM, our approach emphasises a continuum of newborn care both at the community and facility level.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will be visiting Nagpur tomorrow, on the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government and State Government are working continuously for the development of Nagpur, keeping its future requirements in mind.
I can therefore safely say that doing business with us is a great opportunity.
The two leaders jointly inaugurated the “Torana Gate” at Little India in Kuala Lumpur.
The MoU was signed on 8th October 2018 at Dushanbe, Tajkistan.
Dr Ambedkar National Memorial is being built in the house where Babasaheb had died in Delhi’s Alipur.
Prime Minister Modi appreciated the increased momentum of high-level contacts between India and China in all spheres, including in the areas of defence and military exchanges.
In the past four years, our President, Vice President and I have collectively visited no less than 25 countries in Africa.
And I would like to add –
Recently India’s Badminton player, Kidambi Shrikant has brought glory to the nation by winning Indonesia Open.
Unveiling of Statue of Swami Vivekananda.
Prime Minister stressed on the need for establishing Somnath Temple as a premier religious tourist destination.
I request you again to take your clients to the path of honesty so as to end corruption.
Diversity is a basic reality of Nature and source of richness of a society; and, it should not be a cause of discord.
It provides visitors with a range of opportunities to engage with various digital installations which explain the role of Sardar Patel in the unification of India.
Earlier FDI regime permitted 49% FDI participation in the equity of a company under automatic route.
“On his birth anniversary, my tributes to Dr. Syama Prasad Mookerjee.
Creation of regular posts in the AFHQ Civil Service will alleviate stagnation the cadre.
This road will connect several important and historical towns of eastern Uttar Pradesh, including Barabanki, Amethi, Sultanpur, Faizabad, Ambedkar Nagar, Azamgarh, Mau and Ghazipur – with the State Capital – Lucknow.
This movement can be accomplished collectively.
We are two developing nations that seek peace and prosperity for their peoples.
We salute our hardworking farmers who feed our nation”.
I am privileged to have been given this opportunity.
He called for focused action within the next one month, to ensure that barring exceptions, grievances are disposed off within 60 days.
He also interacted with beneficiary mothers and girl children of the Beti Bachao Beti Padhao programme.
Stressing on the importance of transport connectivity, Prime Minister said that it is a medium for prosperity, empowerment and accessibility.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to amend section 11 of the Delimitation Act, 2002 and section 9 of the Representation of the People Act, 1950.
iii) “The Program for Promoting Investment into India by Japan in the field of Agriculture and Fisheries”
Excellencies, Ladies and Gentlemen,
My home state, Gujarat is the land of Somnath.
He said that with Pakyong Airport, the country has hit a century of airports.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of a cheese plant and whey drying plant at Palanpur by remote control.
We will see more investment and trade.
Out of the EBR of Rs.31,300 crore, it is proposed to finance the funds to be raised by Power Finance Corporation (PFC), Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA), Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI), and National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) by Government of India.
India has already entered into agreements with Australia, Rwanda, Cambodia, Iran, Iraq, Fiji, China and Bahrain in the field of water resources management and development cooperation.
Phase-1 of the project comprising trunk infrastructure along with Exhibition cum Convention Centre will be implemented and commissioned by December 2019.
I, once again convey my best wishes to all.
And India must become advanced in this manner.
It will also ensure proper co-ordination with the local bodies and compliance with the directions of NMCG for pollution abatement of the river Ganga.
The total cost of the project for temporary campus is Rs. 152.79 crores.
g) To exchange experiences in the areas of promotion, marketing, destination development and management
He said that cleanliness should become a public movement, and we should all work towards this cause.
He said that flagship programmes such as Digital India and Make in India, would receive a big boost through these projects.
In this context he talked about the Union Government’s initiatives to bring down the prices of medicines, stents etc.
This generation will shape the futurein the palm of every hand in the world.
Final lists for both will be submitted by India at the time of submission of instrument of ratification.
Over the last three years, the media has added great strength to ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’ and effectively furthered the message of cleanliness.
Media, therefore, must make an extra effort, to maintain credibility.
In the Monsoon session, this time, everyone jointly presented an ideal approach.
Your steady stream of letters to ‘Mann Ki Baat’, your comments, this exchange between minds always infuses new energy in me.
• MSW Management: It is estimated that, annually 62 MMT of Municipal Solid Waste gets generated in India.
IRSDC being the Nodal agency will prepare the overall strategic plan and business plans for individual or a group of stations ensuring cost neutrality of this program.
Information and Communications Technology will forge new bonds of digital connectivity among us.
The details are as follows:-
He inaugurated the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex, the Rani Gaidinliu Park, and other important development projects.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today held bilateral talks with the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Dato Sri Mohd Najib bin Tun Abdul Razak, the Prime Minister of Malaysia.
Its timing was changed in the morning when Atal Bihari Vajpayee Government came into power and Budget was presented just after the commencement of the Parliament Session.
TMO shall allow the export in respect of only those contracts so registered by CBN.
Subsequent data is yet to be notified by RGI.
He mentioned that when a Government frames policies with the right intent, it will result in the elimination of corruption and better results.
He said that India has had a tradition where successive generations take family values forward, and contribute to the family by adding their capacities and capabilities.
Agartala has become the third city in India to be connected with an International Gateway through Cox Bazar of Bangladesh.
An additional 45 priority projects in the States of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Odisha, are progressing well, and are likely to be completed ahead of schedule.
But we need to present this in modern language and integrate with modern arguments.
50. Over 1.75 lakh fake companies have been shut down.
Almost immediately after its launch, our satellite has sent back some pictures.
The interaction was part of the ongoing World Food India event.
And I know it very well that all of you are actively contributing in this great task.
From closer contacts between our peoples to deeper connectivity; and
A permanent resolution to the problem of DISCOM losses is achieved by States taking over and funding at least 50% of the future losses (if any) of DISCOMs in a graded manner.
He said that political will and clear vision are necessary for reforms.
Various provisions like online payment of bills including BHIM APP, online booking of railway tickets, and electronic delivery of scholarships and pensions to bank accounts have greatly reduced the burden on common people, Shri Narendra Modi added.
51. The leaders reiterated their support to the Indian Ocean Rim Association (IORA) and the values it promotes.
Not only this, she has done unprecedented work for the welfare of Dalit women too.
He distributed appointment letters and mini-ATMs to women bank correspondents.
He said that work on the FCI godown in Sawombung had begun in December 2016, and it has been completed already.
The month of October is a month to remember so many of our titans.
However, it is my request to all my friends that it is a very sensitive and emotional moment and the nation stands united in its fight against terror.
Referring to the MoU on cooperation between Gujarat and the Andijan region of Uzbekistan signed during the State Visit, Prime Minister noted the presence of the Governor of Andijan region in the Uzbek delegation and expressed hope that as a result of President Mirziyoyev’s visit, relationship between Uzbekistan and India and region-to-region cooperation between Andijan and Gujarat would be further strengthened.
(vi). Other areas as jointly decided by the Parties.
Bagan is one of the premier tourist attractions of Myanmar.
He said China should contribute to the emerging consensus in Seoul.
Our infrastructure is on the Move.
The two Prime Ministers welcomed the agreement signed between King’s College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust and Indo UK Healthcare Pvt Ltd to open King’s College Hospital, Chandigarh.
Boost to Metro Rail connectivity in Bhopal
Rather, it will give you the strength and confidence to try harder and better the next time.
We have targeted an annual contribution of 3.5 billion US Dollars into this fund from our own resources.
He said the effort is to showcase India’s glorious past, and vibrant future.
He said the Andaman and Nicobar Islands remind us of the collective resolve of our freedom fighters.
I am working here as an entrepreneur.
Stating that faith in Jan Shakti will give good results, he called upon the Members to understand and appreciate the inherent strength of our people, and take India to newer heights.
I envision better trade, commercial and cultural exchanges between India and Kenya.
This is in continuation of other policy reforms made recently which include New Urea Policy, 2015 and Gas Pooling for urea production.
In the Indian tradition, Sun is the source of all forms of energy.
Further, ICAI shall continue to play its advisory role with respect to accounting and auditing standards and policies by making its recommendations to NFRA.
The two sides exchanged views on a broad range of international challenges, including terrorism, radicalization, and the situation in Europe and Asia.
We oppose any recourse to unilateralism or lack of respect to sovereignty, ignoring the core concerns and legitimate interests of the countries.
At Yavatmal
If I set my own targets and I am able to achieve them, then I am sure to do something good for my country.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries who featured in the presentation today, was evident to everyone present at the gathering.
• To help the MSMEs for development and certification of auto-components, both for OEMs and after sale parts.
With this, you would be able to visit Varanasi with ease and seek the blessings of Lord Shiva.
The nation expected those responsible for these acts of terror to be punished but nothing happened.
My thoughts are with the bereaved families.
She is spreading light through her work.
My dear countrymen, every Indian today, is proud and holds his head high.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
We need to collaborate at the highest levels of Government to address this serious issue.
NIMHR will be the first of its kind in the country in the area of mental health rehabilitation.
These are mainly through sharing of policy and technical expertise, conducting of training courses, workshops, scientific and technical symposia, exchange of experts and study tours.
Speaking on the occasion, he said Ludhiana is an important economic centre, and therefore, it is natural to launch a scheme related to MSME from the city.
The President of the Republic of Korea, Mr. Moon Jae-in, First Lady of the Republic of Korea, Kim Jung-sook, and former Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Ban Ki-moon, were present on the occasion.
It has the potential to increase farm incomes.
We will form unbeatable partnerships, if we combine our unique strengths and the size and scale of opportunities in India.
We have also moved up sixteen places on the Global Innovation Index of the World Intellectual Property Organisation in 2016.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority areas.
a) The existing lock is unable to handle the number of vessels currently passing through it efficiently and effectively.
73. We welcome the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding on Collaborative Research on Distributed Ledger and Blockchain Technology in the Context of the Development of the Digital Economy.
Khwaja Moiunuddin Chishti, the first of the Chishti saints in India, said that human beings must have the affection of the sun, the generosity of the river and the hospitality of the earth.
We exchanged Diwali greetings.
The idea of Auroville saw the world getting integrated by trade, travel and communication.
The Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation, the Deendayal Hastkala Sankul – a trade facilitation centre for handicrafts – at Bada Lalpur.
This is in addition to Rs 205.5 crore released as central share of State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) for 2015-16 to the State.
Let me thank NASSCOM, Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad and TiE Silicon Valley for this very special event.
Arranging for immediate shifting of those critically injured via helicopter.
• We have also rationalised FDI policies in many sectors, including construction, plantation and medical devices.
He will deliver an address at the 85th Annual Conference of Srimanta Sankaradeva Sangha at Sibsagar.
Indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces,our Army not only man-power but woman-power too is contributing equally.
In our country, the LED bulb which used to sell for more than Rs. 350 before the year 2014, the same LED bulb is now available for Rs. 40-45.
I am sure, this exchange will set new standards for quality of service and speed of transactions across time zones.
He will also interact with Safai Karmacharis at Prayagraj.
Prime Minister Modi then spoke of the NSG Plenary Meeting in Seoul which is to discuss India’s membership of the NSG.
This finds expression in a clear and responsible articulation of our national interests.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of the National Heritage City Development and Augmentation Yojana (HRIDAY), and the Sugamya Bharat Abhiyan (Accessible India Campaign) for the Divyang.
The success of this effort, will depend on our ability to bring all institutions and labs under this strategy.
In UAE, people were surprised when his highness crown prince took the initiative of constructing a temple in Abu Dhabi when I came here last time.
Namaskar to all of you.
We also need to move to transparent and flexiblemarketsfor both oil and gas.Only then can we serve the energy needs of humanityin an optimal manner.
I am sure that this resolve that has arisen in the younger generation, in children, in students, in the youth, augurs well for achieving good results.
The food production in the country today has reached an all-time high; there has been a record production of mobile phones; the sale of tractors has touched a new high.
“Demise of Shri C. Narayana Reddy is a major loss to the literary world.
Following our last Summit, India has created a special notified zone to facilitate direct trade between the world’s largest uncut diamond exporter, Russia, and India, which processes 90% of the world’s uncut diamond.
He said solar energy use was one way of doing so.
His work towards empowering the poor will always be remembered.
And that too, a ‘Khadi’ handkerchief, so that it promotes ‘Khadi’.
i. Foreign investment beyond 49% has now been permitted through government approval route wherever it is likely to result in access to modern technology or for other reasons to be recorded. ii.
Does all these persons know about some higher officers?
He assured the delegation that the Union Government is supportive of the media and entertainment industry; and would consider the suggestions positively.
Firstly, he highlighted that the consuming countries, due to rising crude oil prices, face many other economic challenges including serious resource crunch.
Almost Rs.90,000 crores, which used to go into the hands of wrong people for wrong activities, is now in the nation’s treasury, now being used for the welfare of common man.
Two-thirds of our people in India are below the age of 35.
The British were so afraid of Lok Manya Tilak that they tried to charge him of sedition thrice in two decades; this is no small thing.
It is with the same vision that we are pursuing the transformation of India.
Suddenly someone throws a stone into the water and there are ripples on the surface.
He added that all State Governments and the Union Government had to move forward shoulder to shoulder.
Addressing a huge gathering, the Prime Minister said that farmers of North Gujarat have shown the world what they are capable of.
This is the real power of democracy.
He referred to the Union Government’s initiatives such as “Make in India”, emphasis on infrastructure, opening up of FDI in various sectors, and commitments towards 50 million new houses by 2022 and 175 GigaWatts of renewable energy.
Prime Minister condoled the loss of innocent lives in the attack.
It is an honour to speak at the inaugural session of the 6th Ministerial Conference of the Heart of Asia- Istanbul Process on Afghanistan.
This Bhakti Aandolan had reached north India from south India via Maharashtra and Gujarat.
Divyang brothers & sisters from different parts of the country participated & displayed their stellar skills.
The Prime Minister emphasized that the Union Government will never allow the poor and the middle class to be looted.
Meeting the demand of the copyright industries, these treaties will help India:
There are around 4,42,000 mobile towers in the country out of which more than 66,000 mobile tower are of BSNL.
The amount includes Rs.1176.50 for Resource Gap, Rs.350 crore for the development of 7 backward districts covering Rayalaseema & North Coastal region and Rs.450 crore as assistance to the capital city.
The review meeting, which lasted for nearly two hours, was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related Ministries, NITI Aayog, and PMO.
Dwelling on the theme of technology, the Prime Minister spoke of the implications and possibilities that “Artificial Intelligence” could bring about.
(i) Indonesia for cooperation in youth and sports matters, and
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Framework Agreement between India and Indonesia on cooperation in the exploration and uses of outer space for peaceful purposes.
Inclusiveness, openness and ASEAN centrality and unity, therefore, lie at the heart of the new Indo-Pacific.
The objective of the MoU is to create international perspective among the Indian Youth, to promote exchange of ideas, values and culture and to involve them in promoting peace and understanding.
He said the NCC is an institution which connects youth from across the country, and hence contributes towards a sense of unity in the nation.
Please do send it to Mygov.in.
PM will later address the gathering at the foundation ceremony.
Sometime back, I had the opportunity to meet the scholars of the Sufi tradition.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that he had got to inaugurate projects related to the health sector, particularly Intensified Mission Indradhanush.
The merger of the Railway budget with the Union Budget is a major step.
He said that GST would lead to immense savings of time and cost.
It is dedicated to the development of all.
It is not a conflict to be fought only through military, intelligence or diplomatic means.
36. The leaders noted the ongoing positive discussions and the exchange of a Joint Declaration between the Interim Secretariat of the International Solar Alliance (ISA), and the European Investment Bank (EIB) aimed at mobilising investments for broad-based deployment of affordable solar energy applications across the 121 prospective member countries of the ISA.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he was deeply pained by the terror attacks in Paris yesterday.
Various financial institutions and industry associations have expressed difficulties, arising out of the recent legal interpretation of the place of jurisdiction for filing cases under Section 138 to be the place of drawers’ bank by the Supreme Court.
The Prime Minister apprised farmers of his recent interactions with corporates, where he has called for greater private sector investment for value addition, warehousing, storage facilities, better quality seeds, and market linkages for improving farmers income.
The MoU was signed on 23rd February, 2018 to establish bilateral cooperation activities in the field of Intellectual Property (IP).
You must be watching advertisements on TV but there are times when we neglect taking proactive and informed action on it.
The Prime Minister said that India’s ties with Korea are strengthening, and both countries are working together for peace, stability and prosperity in the region.
– Insolvency and Bankruptcy Codes were enacted.
As in the case of Mauritius, this amendment will deter such activities.
He called for taking the economic relationship beyond export and import, to technology transfers and joint investment.
The scheme will provide a cover of upto Rs. 5 lakh per family.
But from Nineteen Forty Two to Nineteen Forty Seven, it was not an incremental change.
SENIOR OFFICIAL AND SECTORAL MEETINGS:
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will join the nation tomorrow in celebrations of the concluding ceremony of Centenary of Champaran Satyagraha in Bihar.
India is home to the age old tradition of Gurukul, where learning is not confined to classrooms; where life is a living laboratory.
And, it manifests itself several layers, multiple themes and different geographies.
Prime Minister welcomed Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin to India on his third visit this year.
-I would like to tell those people who have made this word – Reform – their theme song that we have carried out 87 small and big reforms in 21 sectors.
No one can deny that Government officers have a greater responsibility than common citizens.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Defence Services Staff College, Wellington and Defence Services Command and Staff College, Mirpur, Dhaka for Cooperation concerning Military Education in the Field of Strategic and Operational Studies.
And the reduction has come despite an unprecedented steep cut in the Centre’s share of tax revenues, in the award of the fourteenth Finance Commission.
The MoU will be a step forward in engaging with the institutions of Saudi Arabia to attract a potential investment into the infrastructure sector in the country.
PM lauded Mission Indradhanush for being selected as one of the 12 best practices globally by a leading Medical Journal.
There are various definitions, types, schools of Yoga and ways to practice Yoga that have emerged.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister’s name.
Both the sides have expressed their commitment to complete this agreement.
We are taking a holistic approach which combines irrigation with water conservation.
Their valour and sacrifice will never be forgotten.
They have shown that resolute honesty, can defeat dishonesty.
Maternal and child health protection; 6.
Brothers and sisters, we changed that decision.
And therefore we are pride of our comprehensive cooperation in the capacity building of the institutions like the executive, the legislature, election commission and press council.
The Prime Minister expressed his belief that the private sector has a big role to play in the creation of a Clean India.
I am delighted to welcome President Lukashenku to India.
Further, over the years the dynamics of the mineral sector have undergone sea change thereby creating new demands and imperatives.
In Rajasthan, it is called Sankrant, Magh-bihu in Assam and Pongal in Tamil Nadu – all these festivals are special in their own right and they have their own importance.
· PM distributes 5100 e-rickshaws to beneficiaries, holds “Chai pe Charcha” with rickshaw drivers and their families
Frank and fearless in his views, his work spanned across many decades.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination on many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, is very strong.
This is half truth.
In next 3 to 4 years, the Central Government is going to invest about Rs.30,000 Crores for development of National Highways and other important roads in Manipur State.
19. There is an opportunity for India and UK to collaborate in the ‘Digital India’ Program and expand information convergence and people centric e-governance.
The second project to be dedicated to the nation is the 135 km long Eastern Peripheral Expressway (EPE), stretching from Kundli on NH 1 to Palwal on NH 2.
Prime Minister welcomed Tableaux Artists, Tribal Guests, NCC Cadets & NSS Volunteers to his residence at Lok Kalyan Marg today.
President Solih also briefed Prime Minister Modi on the dire economic situation facing the country as he takes office.
PM dedicated Jalgaon-Udhana Doubling and electrification Rail Project to the nation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of the foundation stone of the Delhi-Meerut Expressway at Sector-62 in Noida.
However, this special dispensation to CIL will not be cited as a precedent by other loss making Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs).
Many will be surprised to know that now there are about 30 Crore, i.e. 300 million RuPay Cards in India, out of which 200 million RuPay Cards belong to poor families which have ‘Jan Dhan’ accounts.
However, human beings are an exception.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed a Students’ Convention on the occasion of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay Centenary Celebrations, and 125th Year of Swami Vivekananda’s Chicago Address, at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi.
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
Also, my sincere thanks to Jayalalithaa ji for being with us.
In view of the recommendations of the sub group of Chief Ministers on Skill Development regarding the need to address the unique skill requirements of different States, State Governments would be involved through a project based approach under the PMKVY 2016-20 with 25% of the total training targets, both financial and physical, being allocated under this stream of the Scheme.
We are using our Unique ID system in financial transactions and taxation for this purpose and the results are already visible.
54. BRICS Academic Forum (19-22 September 2016, Goa) 55.
His noble thoughts will continue to guide generations.
And, the lack of resources is no constraint for inspiration, imagination, and innovation.
President and I share an uncompromising commitment on climate change, without affecting our ability to meet the development aspirations of humanity.
Prime Minister Cameron welcomed a new fast track mechanism by DIPP for UK investments into and trade with India.
The Prime Minister warmly recalled the visit of President Xi Jinping to India last year, and his own visit to China in May this year.
The Indian Industry is quite encouraged by the move.
The merger will also lead to better management of high value credit exposures through focused monitoring and control over cash flows instead of separate monitoring by six different banks.
Israel is universally known as the Start-up nation with a unique eco-system for innovation and incubation.
In a short span of time, a umber of women have become part of this phenomenon.
Both Leaders recognized transnational organized fisheries crime as one of the emerging crimes, which has become an ever-growing threat to the world.
Then we will have to continue to wage this battle for a prolonged period, it is not going to stop.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness over the loss of lives caused by a stampede in West Bengal.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary.
Together, we are highlighting the value of relationships, based on goodwill, respect and concern for each other.
Government programmes are not active in the productive pre-monsoon months.
Our efforts and our trust were fortified by our Divyaang brothers and sisters when they returned with 4 medals from the Paralympics.
He appreciated the development work that has happened in the Kutch region over the last 20 years.
Even children with a seemingly serious countenance start expressing themselves; while playing, the innate child within them comes to the fore.
The Union Territory Goods and Services Tax Bill 2017 (The UTGST Bill) 4.
He said that the work being done by Indian workers abroad, not only earns money, but also raises the stature of India.
The empathy within you will begin to appear.
The results of our collective efforts thus far have been hard-won, but mixed.
My dear fellow citizens, in the last few days we have taken an important decision.
The first phase has been successfully implemented.
His Excellency Mr. Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan;
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has given its approval to move official amendments to the Banning of Unregulated Deposit Schemes Bill, 2018, pursuant to the recommendations of the Standing Committee on Finance (SCF).
26. As we celebrate the 350th anniversary of Guru Gobind Singhji I remember what he said: “He who hasn’t served others, how can his hands be considered holy?”
He mentioned the RISE – Revitalization of Infrastructure and Systems in Education -programme for improving education infrastructure.He mentioned the steps taken for higher education.
He said the deliberations during the Conference had set the tone for a new holistic vision for the country’s agriculture.
He spoke of expanding and modernizing the railway network.
Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu,
The Prime Ministers reaffirmed their support for the United Nations and the Secretary-General’s reform efforts to ensure a UN fit to support Member States to deliver on Agenda 2030 and took note ofhis proposals to strengthen the UN, including in the areas of development, peace operations, peacebuilding and conflict prevention.
The Prime Minister also called for strengthening exchanges between State-level legislatures.
They must fulfill their commitment in a credible, transparent and meaningful manner.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved ‘Pradhan Mantri Gramin Digital Saksharta Abhiyan’ (PMGDISHA) to make 6 crore rural households digitally literate.
A house is an economic asset and contributes to upward social mobility with salutary impact on health and educational achievement.
He added that he would always remain grateful to the people of Uttar Pradesh for their affection.
The Prime Minister spoke of his Government’s initiatives for the development of the North-East.
I have received a similar call from Mr. Yellappa Velankar Ji from Karnataka: –
The Prime Minister attended a ceremony for the return of idols to India.
· Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Foreign Affairs/International Relations (New York, USA)
They are expected to provide Indian Missions and Posts abroad greater flexibility in swiftly addressing to requests for assistance by Overseas Indian nationals.
He will address a gathering consisting of IT professionals, and employees of IT and electronic manufacturing organizations.
Members of the delegation felicitated the Prime Minister for providing constitutional status to OBC Commission.
He participated in grass root level movements such as the non-cooperation movement and provided great leadership to the Constituent Assembly as its President.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the members shared their experiences and success stories associated with Self Help Groups.
Venkaiah Ji is a farmer at heart, and is passionate about the welfare of farmers and agriculture.
But, we might have a more fragmented world that is less capable of dealing with the challenges of our era.
The Prime Minister said India has made 7000 reforms targeting “Ease of Doing Business” – just at the Union Government level.
My dear young friends, I once again earnestly appeal to you to take forward this campaign.
The MoU envisages establishing a Joint Working Group to review, monitor and discuss matters relation to areas of cooperation.
It is a matter of great pleasure for us that President Ramaphosa, an integral friend of India, is present among us today.
This Budget has provided additional deduction to the employees of 30% of the wages paid for new employees under the Income Tax Act.
He said that now electricity is reaching places it had not reached for 70 years, and States which remained unconnected to the railway, are being brought on the railway map.
Governor of Tamil Nadu,
Branch Postmasters (BPMs) and other than Branch Postmasters namely Assistant Branch Postmaster (ABPMs).
This evening tells us that we are on the right path.
His role in Palestinian struggle is unprecedented.
It has since evolved as the most important focal point for imparting training on different dimensions on labour at the international level.
The Cabinet has also approved the proposal for establishment of Monitoring Framework at Centre with Commerce as the nodal Department with representation from various line Ministries/Departments and Agencies and representatives of concerned State Governments, to oversee the implementation of Agriculture Export Policy.
They included men as well as women.
Let us work together to convert shared ideals into practical cooperation.
I congratulate him on his success.
This has been a truly historic day.
Can media take a lead in the battle against it?
He recalled that it was when Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the Prime Minister, and the current Chief Minister of Bihar, Shri Nitish Kumar was the Union Railway Minister, that the foundation stone had been laid for this project.
You are likely to wonder why, because governments and National capitals are supposed to stop or slow things down, not start them up.
In April this year, we took the small step of supplying power to Tamu in Myanmar.
They also agreed to operationalise of the Memorandum of Understanding signed between the National Security Council Secretariat of India and the Ministry of Public Security of Viet Nam and initiate the Deputy Ministerial level dialogue to enhance cooperation in traditional and non-traditional security matters and undertake training and capacity building programmes.
Man must relate to nature, man must revere nature, not merely consider it a resource to be exploited, the Prime Minister asserted.
Under this MoU the Participants or upon their authority, the implementing agencies, may set up project teams if necessary, to manage specific cooperative projects taken up under implementing arrangements.
This measure is part of the Phase – I of redevelopment project of PragatiMaidan i.e. Integrated Exhibition-cum-Convention Centre (IECC) Project.
At a high-level meeting over two hours, the Prime Minister was apprised of the work done so far, by top officials of PMO, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, and NITI Aayog, for smooth roll-out of the scheme.
Hence, a need is felt for having a unified financial regulator for IFSCs in India to provide world class regulatory environment to financial market participants.
I hope you enjoyed your stay.
As a result, anybody can trouble and harass us.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a National Apprenticeship Promotion Scheme.
From large corporate to young professionals in this great centre of innovation, each can be part of the Digital India story.
We have taken major steps to increase the ‘Ease of Doing Business’ and have already begun climbing steeply in the global rankings.
This collaboration has been fruitful and beneficial for both countries and the ties of both countries will continue to grow from strength to strength over the years.
MINISTERIAL MEETINGS:
He stood for a society that is equal, just and compassionate.
• To take initiatives for bringing harmonization and standardization in laws and policies of member countries concerning conservation of fauna and flora;
In the extending phase, the Programme would continue to build this capacity as also strengthen clinical research and work towards addressing important health challenges for India.
Prime Minister Modi called for exercise of restraint and restoration of peace and order.
It is an inherent human nature to advise others.
He said that he was glad that local body election was held after so many years in the state.
If you were not prepared for the debate why did you bring the motion?
He assured the gathering that the steps taken by the Government will take the country to a new league of development in the years to come.
Protocol for Consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and MEA for the period 2019-2023
“A good beginning is half the battle”.
Provision for commencement of operations before COD.
The total completion cost of three metro corridors will be Rs.24,948.65 crore.
He urged CPWD to encourage all vendors to come aboard the Government e-Marketplace (GeM) platform.
The Prime Minister recalled that for forty years, our ex-servicemen longed for ‘One Rank, One Pension’.
i) Non-communicable diseases, including child cardiovascular diseases and cancer;
It powers our journey within self.
Reviewing the Char-Dham road connectivity improvement project in Uttarakhand, the Prime Minister called for expediting the work at the earliest.
And, I salute the world for standing, in full strength, with France and Paris.
We should work together to advance that goal.
The Prime Minister will chair a 149 member National Committee, and the Home Minister, Shri Rajnath Singh, will chair a 23 member Executive Committee.
Anyone who is willingly in service of the Divine Consciousness is entitled to live in Auroville.
Energy sustainability, for me, is a sacred duty.
When we create more employment opportunities, we empower the youth to improve his future.
He said the helicopters manufactured in Tumkur will serve soldiers stationed in remote locations.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has wished the Prime Minister of Japan, Mr. Shinzo Abe, on his birthday.
We also connect aspirations with achievements, optimism with opportunities and hope with happiness.”
Gandhi held South Africa dear to his heart.
The salient features of the Paris Agreement are as follows:
Mr. Modi will also lay foundation stone for permanent building at KendriyaVidyalaya in Sonepur.
MeitY has entered into MoUs/Agreements with counterpart organizations/agencies of various countries to promote close cooperation and exchange of information in the area of ICT.
The Cabinet also approved storage of water in dam restricted at lower level than envisaged earlier to reduce the submergence and to protect Betla National Park and Palamau Tiger Reserve.
ASEAN is a key partner for our Act East Policy, which is vital for the economic development of our Northeastern region.
And, we will upgrade our partnership agreements and work for an early conclusion of Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement.
The Prime Minister congratulated Mr. Ibrahim on his recent election as President of the PKR Party.
Very early on, they shaped a development partnership even when the meeting ground was more limited.
The Prime Minister also handed over certificates etc to select beneficiaries of various welfare schemes of the Union and State Governments.
Accession to the Nice, Vienna and Locarno Agreements will help the Intellectual Property Office in India to harmonise the classification systems for examinational of trademark and design applications, in line with the classification systems followed globally.
The Memorandum of Understanding shall enable the following potential interest areas of cooperation such as,
The NRDWP was started in 2009, with a major emphasis on ensuring sustainability (source) of water availability in terms of potability, adequacy, convenience, affordability and equity.
Who were the trouble makers it will be known to everyone when the history of Narmada will be written.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need to develop India’s tourism potential.
We have brought in the reforms in the insurance sector.
The Prime Minister said that in a diverse country such as India, we need to actively take the provisions of the Constitution to the people.
The momentum of the Make in India campaign has given us confidence.
Yet, our institutions, approaches, and often mindsets, reflect the wisdom of the century we have left behind, not the century we live in.
The Prime Minister assured the people that all help will be provided to them and that the Union Government stands shoulder to shoulder with them in this hour of crisis.
The proposal will be implemented immediately.
The proposal will benefit towns, villages, industrial establishments, communication links, agricultural fields, infrastructure etc. from floods and erosion in the country.
5. Today, the world is at an inflection point where technology advancement is transformational.
King Amanullah once told the Maharaja that so long as India was not free, Afghanistan was not free in the right sense.
Prime Minister said that the educators should work towards removing the disconnect between the teachers and the students, so that teachers are remembered by the students throughout their life.
They have shared their vacation plans.
The Prime Minister said that today, India is working to correct the wrongs that have entered our society.
During the exhibition period, you may also have sessions for school teachers from all over Gujarat.
In Malaysia I will be attending the ASEAN-India Summit and the 10th East Asia Summit.
These include Information Technology & Information Technology enabled Services (IT & ITeS), Tourism and Hospitality Services, Medical Value Travel, Transport and Logistics Services, Accounting and Finance Services, Audio Visual Services, Legal Services, Communication Services, Construction and Related Engineering Services, Environmental Services, Financial Services and Education Services.
Empowerment of grassroots institutions is a significant step in taking Jammu and Kashmir away from the path of violence and secure the rights and development of the local populace.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will chair the fourth meeting of the Governing Council of NITI Aayog at Rashtrapati Bhawan on Sunday, the 17th June.
You are visiting a nation that is extremely proud of its Buddhist heritage.
Several decades of public life have convinced me that energy is a key driver of socio-economic growth.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Indonesia on Scientific and Technological Cooperation.
This 470-bedded hospital with state of art facilities will provide quality treatment on all disciplines of medicine.
You must be contemplating on ways to enjoy your vacations and places to travel to!
There is still some time for the monsoon to arrive, but the news of good rains has already brought joy.
Taking note of substantial social, economic and environmental gains of metro projects, the Policy stipulated a shift from the present ‘Financial Internal Rate of Return of 8%’ to ‘Economic Internal Rate of Return of 14%’ for approving metro projects, in line with global practices.
The first, of 141 million US dollars for electricity lines.
Amendment to the Central Excise Act, 1944; iv.
Friends, this is a first of its kind conference in this part of the world.
Metro projects with a total length of 595 kms in 13 cities including 10 new cities are at various stages of planning and appraisal.
5. Application of technology for enhanced water use efficiency in agricultureand allied sectors, including irrigation;
In this project CCTVs will be installed throughout Agra City for monitoring and surveillance for the purpose of safety and security.
But the agony experienced by the victim is more painful.
We are also partnering to strengthen our security cooperation and capacities.
He said initiatives such as Ujjwala Yojana and Saubhagya Yojana are providing dignity to the people.
Continued collaboration at ICAO on key international issues.
He added that narcotics trade is one of the biggest sources of income for terrorists and anti-national elements, and the money sourced by these elements through drugs trade is used to destabilize the nation.
(b) Collaboration at international level with view to the importance of tackling climate change and therefore of addressing Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions associated with aviation, both at domestic and international levels.
I feel as much pain as you do.
• A commitment to promote cooperation between and among the private sector and government authorities on cybercrime and cybersecurity;
Congratulations to the people of KallarMajra and of all those places who are making their best efforts to keep the environment clean and pollution free.
3. Farmers in the area would be benefitted due to stabilisation / improved irrigation in 98,739 Ha of land due to relining of Rajasthan Feeder and 69,086 Ha due to relining of Sirhind Feeder.
Through his lifestyle, Bapu showed what living in harmony with nature is, and how one can minimize one’s carbon footprint.
Such countries have very small local markets and hence can afford to have specially favourable tax and regulatory regimes.
We have cooperation in the areas of training, technology, infrastructure development, project assistance and budgetary support.
The fiscal incentives are extended in form of partial waiver of applicable Cess/Royalty on incremental production resulting from the adoption of ER methods on designated wells.
I invite you – come, do not just support this transformation but become one of its leading soldiers and ensure that we achieve the desired transformation.
(ii). In case the entity is also engaged in any other 18 Non-Banking Finance Companies (NBFC) activities, then the foreign investment in the company setting up WLA, shall also have to comply with minimum capitalization norms for foreign investments in NBFC activities, as provided in Para 6.2.18.8.2 of the Consolidated FDI Policy Circular 2015.
We have generated more than 1.2 billion biometric identities – called Aadhaar or foundation – in just a few years.
The objective is to monitor the maritime traffic and to identify the non-compliant ships at the maximum possible revisit frequency.
“Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
The Club comprises personal chefs of the heads of state of two dozen countries.
The Prime Minister also mentioned other major initiatives taken in the agriculture sector, such as the soil health card scheme, the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana, organic farming, and ensuring adequate availability of urea.
Various social media platforms have given voice to millions, he said.
33. Explore the possibility of cooperation in alliance building, networking and partnership between ASEAN and India in civil service matters, among others, training the civil servants of ASEAN countries for the purpose of supporting further integration of ASEAN community and implementation of the ASEAN Community Vision 2025.
The activities are expected to promote creation of new scientific knowledge, generation of intellectual property, innovations and products development in both countries.
Gangajal project aims to bring 140 cusecs of Ganga water to Agra.
We are creating technology incubators in academic institutions.
Speaking on the occasion, he said the huge gathering shows the respect that people have for Maa Narmada.
Media houses too, are making a great effort in training people, inspiring them and guiding them towards ecofriendly Ganesh idols.
When the previous Government was in power, a file for MSP was kept in cold storage for almost seven years.
Welcoming people from across the world who have gathered in Delhi for the World Culture Festival, the Prime Minister complimented Sri Sri Ravi Shankar for the great work being done by the Art of Living Foundation in over 150 countries.
The Facility has the largest underground storage compartment in the country.
Our farmers know ‘NPK’ very well.
We are proud to host Singapore’s Army and Air Force for training in India.
H. E. Mr. Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
In civil aviation, India is currently the eighth largest market in the world and set to become the world’s third largest by 2034.
It is not just a co-incidence that India has the privilegeto be Sri Lanka’s partner in establishing this first responder service and in its expansion.
Be it as a party leader, Parliamentarian, Minister, Prime Minister, Atal ji distinguished himself in every role.
On 9th September, 2010, he was transferred to the Punjab & Haryana High Court.
These are not small achievements.
The IGSTC was established under an agreement between the two Governments in October 2007 and started operation in 2011.
• MOU on Cooperation in the field of Sustainable and Smart Urban Development between the Ministry for Housing and Urban Affairs of India and the Ministry of Industry, Business and Financial Affairs of Denmark
The presence of political and business leaders from more than 100 countries, and a large number of organisations from around the world make this a truly global event.
The road ahead for Artificial Intelligence depends on and will be driven by Human Intentions.
Under our scheme, our fellow villagers will get loan from the government, grant, and subsidy.
Friends, I have had the pleasure of interacting with renowned Scientists in the beginning of every year.
In modern times more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers sacrificed their lives in World Wars in the last century.
As we celebrate the International Day of Yoga next month, we look forward to your active participation in popularising its multiple benefits.
It will boost domestic and foreign investment in the Real Estate sector and help achieve the objective of Government of India to provide ‘Housing for All’ by enhanced private participation.
These are but living examples before your eyes… these very examples are a source of inspiration for the future of a rising & glowing India.
The Prime Minister said a Central Team is being sent to the State to assess the situation, at the earliest.
So I would appeal to all guardians and parents to give not just enough time and attention to their children but also to everything that’s happenings in their school.
He spoke of Dr. Ambedkar’s vision of industrialization in India, saying that Dalits, who had no land of their own, could only progress through industrialization.
Today, he has become a source of inspiration not only in Jammu & Kashmir but for the youth of the whole country.
The Prime Minister said farmers have to be motivated for schemes such as soil health card.
(iii) The amount of SUC payable by the operators during 2015-16 at weighted average derived after taking into consideration the spectrum acquired in the coming auction and excluding the spectrum in 2300 MHz/2500 MHz band acquired/ allocated prior to 2015-16, shall be treated as the floor amount of the SUC to be paid by the operators.
The MoU will help in understanding the system of customer oriented public service delivery in Portugal with reference to rapidly changing environments in the area of public service management and enable in replicating, adapting and innovating some of the best practices and processes in the Indian Public Service Delivery System, leading to improved public service delivery in India.
In doing so, we will transform our strategic partnership, and we will make this relationship count as one of the leading global partnerships.
I believe that we should infuse a new life, a new force into these organizations.
8. The two leaders noted with satisfaction the on-schedule progress in the implementation of acquisition related agreements, including the Rafale aircraft agreement signed in 2016.
यदिदी ह्येकार (my good friend) Prime Minister Netanyahu
Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin discussed the steady expansion and diversification of bilateral ties, particularly noting the standout collaboration in the energy sector and the common pursuit of high- technology cooperation.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will be holding a high level consultative meeting on ‘Recent Global Events: Opportunities for India,’ in New Delhi tomorrow morning.
These include Government buildings, solar PV systems, Jan Aushadhi Kendras and a Passport Seva Kendra.
Creation of these posts will ensure focused attention on the passenger safety and metro rail operation related issues, in respect of existing, as well as upcoming various metro rail projects, as envisaged in the “Metro Railways (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2002”, in the Commission of Railway Safety under the Ministry of Civil Aviation.
They have spread awareness on gender equality.
And for this, Shrimaan Amitabh Bachchan Ji is making a significant contribution as a brand ambassador.
I told them that for this season why don’t all these organizations and our youth make an effort for water conservation.
The 2018 Games have been the best for India in the history of the Asian Games.
Incremental capital is confined to Rolling Stock utilised for movement of trains.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that starting with the indelible ink which is the hallmark of our democratic fabric, CSIR has left an indelible mark on every sphere of life.
This he said, would catalyse the process in other parts of the State.
India and France aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues on the basis of mutual benefit, equality and reciprocity.
The improved connectivity will offer commuters more options of travel by optimization of routes.
It would enable sharing of credit ratings amongst the BRICS member banks, based on the request received from another bank.
Our work on ‘Make in India’ and ‘Ease of Doing Business’ is of course well known.
The Prime Minister said that infrastructure, especially roads and railways, sows the seeds of development, and gives pace to progress.
The Prime Minister spoke of initiatives such as Jandhan Yojana and Ujjwala Yojana, taken by the Government for empowering the poor.
(i). Market reforms, regulatory structures and the role of competition in the supply and distribution of electricity, including regulations and incentives for Renewable Energy deployment;
d) Encouraging organizing joint tourism events; participate in exhibitions, conferences and seminars held in the States of the Parties thus contributing to tourism development and crystalizing a joint tourism vision.
The third founding principle of Auroville is that it will emerge as the bridge between the past and the future.
I am missing Amma here, and can feel the void.
“Greetings to people across India celebrating the advent of the New Year.
Addressing a public meeting on the occasion, he said that there are nine initiatives, worth over Rs 500 crore, which are either being dedicated today, or their foundation stones are being laid.
The UK and India agree that corruption is one of the greatest enemies of progress in our time.
He mentioned the scrapping of over 1200 laws by the Union Government.
She is always keen to help the world’s poor in meeting their five basic needs: food, shelter, health care, education, and livelihood.
This is a distinguished gathering.
Here, the innovative genius of America and India’s intellectual creativity are working to shape new industries of the future.
*Other Projects
Underscoring the importance of robust institutional arrangements to effectively steering the process of regional cooperation under BIMSTEC;
He was intervening during the debate in the Lok Sabha on the GST Bill.
Our fifty five months and the fifty five years of the others have given two contrasting approaches to governance.
Both sides agreed to encourage their institutions to work together, develop options for infrastructure financing, share knowledge and expertise and to deepen research and development exchanges.
As stated, under UDAY, so far 20 States and Union Territories have given their consent to join of which, 12 States, viz, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Punjab, Bihar, Haryana, Gujarat, Uttarakhand, Karnataka, Goa and Jammu & Kashmir have already signed MOUs with the Central Government.
Over the coming days, people across India are marking various festivals.
He said people would no longer have to depend on foreign minted gold bullion or coins.
There are a number of schemes directly/indirectly affecting the nutritional status of children (0-6 years age) and pregnant women and lactating mothers.
He encouraged the children to ensure that this award does not become the end of their life’s purpose, and added that this award should only mark the beginning for them.
Also, farmers are at a risk of not getting appropriate price for their produce during the surplus production phase.
It can provide financial services through the day and night to the entire world.
However, most of Indian institutions offering such courses lack standardisation.
i. Digital governance;
The amendment provides for establishment of Commercial Courts at district Judge level for the territories over which respective High Courts have ordinary original civil jurisdiction i.e in the cities of Chennai, Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai and State of Himachal Pradesh.
But, we also have to work within our societies and with our youth.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his greetings to the UN on United Nations Day.
Its mandate is to link farmers to investment, technology and markets.
Both Leaders agreed to cooperate in promotion of energy efficiency technologies, new and renewable energy technologies, with the shared aspiration to ensure energy security as well as meet respective climate change targets.
PM Modi received the Amir Amanullah Khan award following the inauguration of the Afghan-India Friendship Dam in Heart on 4 June.
Change in quotas is not an issue of increasing the ‘power’ of certain countries.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas be with you.
It was sad to see it neglected in the last few years.
And, not just international, but a city with a humanitarian soul.
Whose cultural legacy is this?
These development works will greatly benefit the people of Odisha, he added.
Now, 99% of Indian house-holds have a bank account.
Also, for us to succeed, those who believe in humanity must come together to fight for it as one, and speak against this menace in one voice.
It would help in maintaining financial stability in the economy by ensuring adequate preventive measures, while at the same time providing the necessary instruments for dealing with an event of crisis.
This shows that the Swachhta Abhiyan is touching people’s lives.
The Headquarters of this alliance will be in Delhi, the Prime Minister said.
When we think about Asia, we must recognize that it is distinct in many ways.
The Prime Minister said President Pranab Mukherjee had fulfilled responsibilities in many high positions in the Union Government in the course of his political career.
The coal cess has been increased by four times from Rs 50 per ton to Rs 200 per ton.
But it was not like that from the start.
It is the 130 crore Indians, particularly women and youngsters who have taken the lead in this movement.
Let me conclude by wishing you a very successful and productive three days in Gandhinagar.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of the Technical Arrangement between India and Switzerland on the identification and return of Swiss and Indian Nationals and its implementation.
He dedicated to the nation, the Balasore-Haldia-Durgapur section of the Paradip-Haldia-Durgapur LPG pipeline of IOCL.
Parties must also redouble efforts for early adoption of a Code of Conduct on the basis of consensus.
Reiterating the emphasis of the Government on the health sector, PM said the idea is to ensure that everyone is healthy and health care is affordable.
The best practices presented by the Chief Secretaries included themes such as rural development, skill development, crop insurance, health insurance, tertiary healthcare, welfare of divyang children, reducing infant mortality, tribal welfare, solid waste management, sanitation, drinking water, river conservation, water management, e-governance, pension reform, emergency services, development of mineral-rich areas, PDS reform, Direct Benefit Transfer of subsidy; solar energy, cluster development, good governance and ease of doing business.
I believe that all of you should hear it and follow it.
If you had not made a call about this aspect, perhaps those connected with this cleanliness movement might have also not thought about such a sensitive issue.
Today we know that it depends as much on the quality of institutions and ideas.
Demonetization was a firm and landmark step to wipe out the black money and corruption from our systems.
The Special Package has the potential to generate 3.24 lakhs new jobs in 3 years and assist in formalization of 2 lakh jobs as cumulative impact in Footwear, Leather & Accessories Sector.
I am sure all of us in India will benefit from the experience of other countries.
States are also required to commit to accord all required permissions and approvals.
It will also be applicable for extension of invitations to international conferences and seminars on youth matters held in the two countries, exchange of printed materials, films and experiences.
Talking about ensuring inclusive growth in the age of the fourth industrial revolution, the Prime Minister said that disruption does not mean destruction.
• Waste to wealth की movement
Congratulations to Mary Kom for winning a Gold in the Women’s World Boxing Championships.
We have a huge market with rapid growth and untapped opportunities in every sector.
It has been one month since GST was implemented and its benefits can be seen already.
I am also told that you are well-known for your bipartisanship.
People wanted security, not stagnation
What we need is a collective opening of our minds, to let in new, global perspectives.
Governor of Karnataka Shri Vajubhai Vala,
39. Welcomed the adoption by ASEAN and India of the new Plan of Action (2016-2020) to implement the ASEAN–India Partnership for Peace, Progress and Shared Prosperity at the ASEAN–India Ministerial Meeting in Kuala Lumpur on 5 August 2015;
The internal security of the country cannot be strengthened until we focus on intelligence sharing, ensure greater coordination among agencies, and equip our police with modern approach and technology.
Four common themes that were discussed at the meetings were climate change, terrorism, India’s desire for membership of the four export control regimes, and reform of the United Nations Security Council.
Some people are spreading rumours that political parties enjoy all kinds of concessions.
For some of the issues we also had different sections of people in 1942.
Millions more are connected through digital platforms.
Trade Ministers of India and Africa, accompanied by business delegations, will meet on 23 October 2015.
Earlier CERT-In signed MoUs with counterpart/similar organizations in about seven countries – Korea, Canada, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore, Japan and Uzbekistan.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met over 60 athletes who shall be part of India’s contingent at the Rio Olympic Games.
He added that there has been record production of milk, fruits and vegetables in the country during the period.
His naval forces were very efficient and skilled in attacking the enemy and in defending their attacks.
I express my heartfelt gratitude to the gulf countries, I salute them.
I have told the President that we are willing to substantially scale up our supply of power.
How can we progress in this direction?
In the course of about one hour, he will interact with a number of people, and will be briefed on several development initiatives.
Many congratulation to these two sisters.
I am delighted to be here in Kanyakumari.
Background
India has always been extending active support to UN Peace Missions.
In this respect, we need to deepen the security cooperation between our National Security Advisors.
I have already begun to issue instructions in the government.
It leads to transparency and accountability in the governance and fosters equitable growth.
To enhance the flow of foreign investments, we have liberalized the FDI regime allowing 100% FDI in railways.
Mr. Lykketoft acknowledged that India, as one of the largest democracies in the world, and one of the biggest contributor to the UN Peacekeeping Operations should have greater role in the decision making bodies at the UN.
1st Meeting of BRICS Universities League Members (2 April 2016, Beijing) 25.
“Greetings to Indian Coast Guard personnel on their Foundation Day.
Thus it was natural that there was a lot of curiosity in the minds of the disciples gathered there.
GST is like our Railways.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone for four sewerage projects under the Namami Gange programme; and four National Highway projects, at Mokama in Bihar.
A large number of dalit, tribal and backward class families have been benefited from this scheme.
Our Digital India Mission aims to bridge the rural-urban digital divide.
Every day we are making it easier to invest and do business in India.
And, that it was as important to keep your city and surroundings clean as it was to build modern infrastructure.
Today’s decision is yet another landmark step in the pro-active policies of the Government since its very first days for welfare of our valiant ex-servicemen, who rendered valuable service to the country.
The Chief Minister also explained the State’s efforts to complete critical irrigation projects in the Marathwada and Vidarbha regions in a time-bound manner.
I want to tell such people today – whether you reform or not is up to you, whether you respect and follow the law or do otherwise is again up to you; of course, the law will take its own course to decide on the requisite action; but, for God’s sake, please do not play with the lives of poor people.
This will lead to timely treatments, improvements in health outcomes, patient satisfaction, improvement in productivity and efficiency, job creation thus leading to improvement in quality of life.
The adoption of the United Nations Fundamental Principles of Official Statistics will bring professional independence, impartiality, accountability and transparency in methods of collection, compilation and dissemination of official statistics, besides adopting international standards.
“My condolences to the family and supporters of Karnataka Minister Shri CS Shivalli.
On the other hand piece meal thinking with targeted comeback in elections after five years will leave us as a loser on the front of overcoming the challenges mounting ahead of cities.
However, equally, connectivity in itself cannot override or undermine the sovereignty of other nations.
“The people of India will be enthusiastically cheering for our athletes representing India at the Rio 2016 Paralympics, starting 7th September.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released a book named “The Z Factor” written by Shri Subhash Chandra.
As per existing contractual regime of PSCs, existing Contractors are not allowed to explore and exploit CBM or other unconventional hydrocarbons in already allotted licensed/leased area.
Our scientific ecosystem must connect directly with innovators and entrepreneurs to cultivate, channelize and empower them.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India will complete 75 years of its existence two years after India completes 75 years of its independence in 2022.
Your suggestions should keep coming in.
For the ethanol supply year 2017-18, there will be lesser emissions of CO2 to the tune of 30 lakh ton.
Too many dreams have burnt in the fire of a senseless conflict.
However, no one should be under the impression that we have reached there to halt there.
I can tell you from my experience of going around the world, that the amount we can learn by seeing the world is something we cannot even imagine.
To keep our promises, we have to work hard, we have to plan and we have to put our heart and soul into fulfilling it.
I am confident that BRICS cooperation will scale new heights under the Chairmanship of Brazil.
He said that accomplishments in the sporting arena inspire everyone.
• 20 Speciality/Super Speciality Departments including 15 Operation Theatres.
O Lord of Field, with the Sweet Waves of Mother Nature’s blessings, may you milk our Fields like the Milk of a Cow.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Air Services Agreement (ASA) between India and Georgia.
I want to tell my countrymen, that depression is not incurable.
The recapitalisation bonds will be on the lines issued to Public Sector Banks.
And, they are also embracing our nation’s social missions – from health and education to micro credit and insurance.
After amendment in Clause 10, all applications and appeals in Arbitration matters, which are filed in the High Court may be heard and disposed of by the Commercial Division in the High Court consisting of a single Judge Bench.
Code of Criminal Procedure 1973 by insertion of Section 86A.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for withdrawal of Nalanda University (Amendment) Bill, 2013 pending in the Rajya Sabha.
Both India and Indonesia have a sensitive outlook when it comes to helping those in need, the Prime Minister asserted.
The activities between the two sides will start immediately after the signing of the MoU by the two countries.
The funding for Rurban Clusters will be through various schemes of the Government converged into the cluster.
And, I and the people of India look forward to welcoming you in India.
The leaders welcomed the holding of the 5th Global Conference on Cyberspace in New Delhi on 23-24 November.
The warmth and affection that I received from the people of Jaffna is still fresh in my mind.
Each incubator is expected to foster 50-60 technology driven innovative Startups every four years.
The new Bill has proposed a simplified composition of the Board of Port Authority which will comprise of 11 members from the present 17 to 19 Members representing various interests.
The transfer of land to the NHAl for construction of extension and six laning of Ahmedabad – Vadodara section of NH-8 is likely to benefit the region leading to enhanced opportunities for: growth and development in terms of infrastructure, transport, communication, employment generation etc.
The total distance of the extended line will be 9.41 km.
He said the need of the hour is for all humanitarian forces to join hands to fight it.
A place where reason and peace succeeds; progress and prosperity prevails and democracy and plurality wins.
2. Connected mobility implies integration of geographies as well as modes of transport.
My fellow countrymen, Namaskar, many felicitations and season’s greetings to you on the occasion of Christmas.
I mean to say that ‘Beti Bachao – Beti Padhao’ movement has also developed in many shapes and forms.
Plastic now threatens to become a menace to humanity.
I salute the coaches, support staff, parents, family and friends of the athletes.
This account would be denominated in grams of gold.
May this auspicious day bring joy & prosperity in everyone’s lives.
The Prime Minister appreciated the farmers and the agriculture scientists for record crop production this year.
The announcement came at the end of a series of high level meetings, where the Prime Minister reviewed the flood situation, and relief measures in the States.
Mr. TS Khurana: Well, I was born in India but we immigrated to the US in 1971.
He added that under PM Awas Yojana, around 1.5 crore houses have been built in the country so far.
The role and responsibility of IBM have changed with emerging needs of the sector as facilitator and regulator of mining sector (other than coal, petroleum and atomic minerals).
You will succeed.
In order to avail benefits from Switzerland in the fields of vocational education and skill, both countries took a joint initiative in the form of SkillSonics; more than five thousand Indians have taken advantage of this initiative.
The Cabinet also approved the introduction of a Bill in Parliament to repeal the State Bank of India (Subsidiary Banks) Act, 1959 and the State Bank of Hyderabad Act, 1956.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief on the demise of Indian scientist and educationist Professor Yash Pal.
Itanagar has plans to improve its city road network through its Smart Roads and Intelligent Traffic and Transport Management system.
This is a task which the Council should take up in right earnest.
The FDI equity inflow in the last two financial years was sixty per cent higher as compared to previous two financial years.
He said Neem-coating of urea ended its large scale diversion.
We have strong defence relations.
India has always allowed mutual respect and co-existence of different religions and cultures.
India is now fourth in the world in the number of technical start-ups, after USA, Britain and Israel.
I also appreciate the decision of the European Investment Bank to fund solar-related projects in member countries of the International Solar Alliance.
This will be my second bilateral visit there in two years, a sign of our strong relationship.
I request the listeners of “Mann Ki Baat” to visit Pandharpur Wari at least once, whenever they get a chance.
I wish him and all the delegation members a very pleasant stay in India.
Background:
He said the total cost of the projects, for which foundation stones have been laid today, is Rs. 27,000 crore.
The equity will be infused in two tranches of Rs. 4,500 crore in FY 2018-19 and Rs.1,500 crore in FY 2019-20 respectively.
He mentioned how the Indians who had travelled to various parts of the world, such as Mauritius, kept alive their link with India over successive generations, through the Ramcharitmanas.
It is the responsibility of each one of us that in our own ways, observing our respective traditions and in tune with our respective family surroundings, we should strive to transform every year these 3-4 months into a festival.
The Standard Operating Procedure for issue of export authorizations has been simplified and put in public domain.
As a nation, we stood against colonialism and in our struggle for freedom.
Major Impact including employment generation potential:
But if we change our outlook and our perspective towards them, then these people can inspire us to live.
The two sides positively noted the progress achieved in implementation of the bilateral agreement on transfer of sentenced persons; the Extradition Treaty by both sides and understanding reached on Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty on Civil and Commercial Matters.
Addressing the jawans, he said he had been visiting armed forces personnel every year on Diwali since 2001.
NMEP has the following main features for facilitating exploration in the country:-
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved in- situ promotion of officers of the Indian Trade Service (ITS), belonging to 1989 to 1991 batches, to the Senior Administrative Grade (SAG) level, on personal basis, as a onetime relaxation, with the condition that, as and when vacancies at SAG arise on the cadre post, these officers would be adjusted against the vacant cadre posts and the posts held by these officers at present, would be retained at the original level of Junior Administrative Grade (JAG), after their retirement or being covered against the original sanctioned strength of SAG.
The financial implication I this respect would be borne by the Government of India.
The presentation on “Energy and Environment” included suggestions related to various energy sources, and energy efficiency.
Otherwise, the rate at which the Inflation was rising during previous government’s tenure it would have resulted in huge rise in the budget of the common citizen’s kitchen.
The two leaders reviewed the decisions taken during PM Abe’s visit and expressed satisfaction at the strong pace of implementation.
We are entitled to take pride in our initiatives and achievements.
At Netaji Stadium, the Prime Minister will release a commemorative postal stamp, coin and first day cover to mark the 75th Anniversary of the hoisting of Tricolour on Indian soil by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
Let every Indian have a house of his own – Housing for All.
Members also agreed to the elimination of agricultural export subsidies subject to the preservation of special and differential treatment for developing countries such as a longer phase-out period for transportation and marketing subsidies for exporting agricultural products.
The political parties who ask for votes in the name of Babasaheb will probably not even be aware of this.
This is the eighth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Himachal Pradesh, on the statehood Day.
Prime Minister, while addressing the PMMY beneficiaries, said that the scheme has transformed the lives of the poor.
Usually the season of winter also starts with Diwali.
The amendments aim to strengthen the Bill in terms of legal and administrative procedure so as to overcome the practical difficulties which may arise in the implementation of the provisions of the Bill when it becomes an Act.
He regretted that she could not enter her village for many years after independence.
Giving a boost to rail projects, Mr. Modi inaugurated the Balangir-Bichhupali railway line built at an estimated cost of Rs. 115 crore.
18. No law was passed for those having Benami property for years.
Considering the mutual benefits, signing of a Memorandum of Understanding in the field of tourism would enable both parties to enter into a constructive dialogue for development and promotion of tourism in each other’s country for the economic development of two nations.
iv. NABARD will coordinate the conversion of operative/live KCCs into RuPay/ATM-enabled Kisan Credit Cards (KCCs) by Cooperative Banks and Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) in a mission mode.
a) allowing substantially-owned vessels and vessels on Bare Boat-cum-Demise (BBCD); charter by Indians to be registered as Indian flag vessels;
I entirely agree with its meaning, that, “you would go fast if you go alone, but you would go far if you go together”.
Had it been enforced by those who were in power in 1988, there might have been no sin in the name of Benami.
b.Planning, administration and management of road infrastructure, technology and standards for roads/highways construction and maintenance;
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an ex- gratia of Rs. 2 lakh each for the next of kin of those who have lost their lives due to the accident at the NTPC plant in Raebareli, Uttar Pradesh.
I do not believe that this process of GST is restricted to the scope of economy only.
The Prime Minister noted that Governors are also Chancellors of Universities.
His teachings are eternal and are relevant for people of all sections of society.
And all of you must have a dream – ‘Our city – our efforts’, ‘Our progress – country’s progress’.
And, in this respect we welcome Garuda Indonesia’s decision to commence direct flights to Mumbai.
SEBI has been given the task of regulating commodity derivatives also.
• Myanmar Institute of Information Technology;
All public hospitals in the States implementing AB-NHPM, will be deemed empanelled for the Scheme.
The Prime Minister said that during the implementation of GST, there was active follow up on complaints and suggestions.
It also opens doors to opportunities for the youth.
Among its participants are United Nations, Union and State Governments, industry, and non-government organizations.
1. To hold regular Summits, including on the margins of multilateral events;
Singapore’s success flows not from the aggregate of numbers and the size of investments.
He said nutrition requires constant focus and development of good habits, which can be provided by Anganwadi workers.
33. I want to mention those women who have to suffer due to ‘Triple Talaq’- I admire their courage.
States allowed to setup plants, with up to 35% of power procured by DSICOMs on regulated tariff.
The Prime Minister emphasized that balance between the executive, legislature and judiciary has been the backbone of the Constitution.
To increase energy efficiency, my government has given the highest ever priority to the railways.
18. Strengthen cooperation in the area of aviation and maritime transport and look forward to the expeditious conclusion of the ASEAN-India Air Transport Agreement (AI-ATA) and the ASEAN-India Maritime Transport Agreement (AI-MTA).
I respectfully salute Saint Ramanujacharya and pay tributes to him.
The MOU on Intellectual Property, which has been signed today, will facilitate greater business to business exchanges and collaborations.
It tells us about the struggle for independence and the sacrifices and reminds us of our responsibility towards the nation.
Educational and S&T Cooperation
The Prime Minister called for speeding up of work related to redevelopment of Railway Stations, and greater creativity in the generation of non-fare revenue.
Riddhiraj Kumar met the Shri Narendra Modi along with his mother, here today.
In a way one festival leaves us waiting for another.
He said several Model Acts related to farmers’ welfare have been prepared, and States have been urged to implement them.
These concrete homes will lead to concrete dreams of people inhabiting them”.
Uganda expressed its desire to replicate some of India’s schemes for Digital Inclusion while implementing its Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) project.
We are one of the top FDI destinations listed by UNCTAD.
He hoped that the State would emerge as one of the leaders in the “Start-Up” space.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today gave its ex-post facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) signed on 11th February, 2016 to mobilise long term investment into the National Investment and Infrastructure Fund (NIIF).
I have reaffirmed our position on this to President Abbas during our conversation today.
We have 350 million internet users.
The Prime Minister began by inviting suggestions from officers.
· Membership of EBRD would enhance India’s international profile and promote its economic interests.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed in March, 2015.
I believe in empowering the people to improve their own lives.
Our desire to change our country has an indivisible link with the external world.
Successful launch of Mangalyaan in the very first attempt itself stands as testimony to the expertise and endeavors of our scientists.
Friends, when development is our only aim, we remain sensitive to people’s concerns and aspirations.
We have already implemented 54 out of 130 activities identified in the Plan of Action.
Facilities for launch of Rural BPO, Bandipora will be inaugurated by the PM.
Prime Minister Cameron and I are, indeed, very pleased that cooperation on affordable and accessible clean energy is an important pillar of our relations.
We look forward to translating into reality the idea of a BRICS Credit Rating Agency.
Expressing happiness in handing over new houses to over 2 lakh beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana- Grameen (PMAY-G) on occasion of Dussehra, Prime Minister said that it is a big step towards the fight against poverty.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the nation on the Sanskrit Day and shared his greetings with the people in Sanskrit.
My dear countrymen, a few days from now, we shall celebrate Budha Purnima.
He said it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
He said the proposed pipeline will further energize, not just Bangladesh’s economy, but also the relationship between the two countries.
Meeting of BRICS Agriculture Ministers (23 September 2016, New Delhi) 4.
And, to take from nature only what is most essential is part of our civilizational ethos.
These Ashram School students began training in August, 2017, covering Wardha, Hyderabad, Darjeeling and Leh-Ladakh.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
During a presentation on coal mine and mineral block auctions made by senior Government officials, the Prime Minister emphasized on a roadmap for faster operationalization of mines, post-auction.
The MoU will facilitate that the Visa Free Agreement for holders of Diplomatic passports as well as liberalization of UK Visa Regime for those who are travelling to the UK legally, after conclusion of the MoU.
Our milk co-operatives in Gujarat and the Shri Mahila Griha Udyog Lijjat Papad, are examples of highly successful and globally acclaimed women-led co-operative movements.
Reviewing the progress, the Prime Minister said that appropriate checks should be undertaken for variation, both within a sampling grid, and across different soil testing labs.
(vii) All moneys received by or on behalf of the Board under the provision of this Act shall be credited to such general account or accounts of the Ports which the Board may from time to time generally open with any Nationalised Bank or any Scheduled Bank as per the guidelines of Ministry of Finance, Government of India.
In the aviation sector, the Prime Minister reviewed progress made in key policy areas such as safety and connectivity.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Uzbekistan on Mutual Cooperation in Combating Illicit Trafficking in Narcotics, Drugs, Psychotropic Substances and Precursors.
This is one of the oldest and most significant comprehensive cancer care centers in India.
It is, therefore, only natural that India’s choices at home and our international priorities form part of a seamless continuum.
With Europe, we have a vision of strong partnership in India’s development, especially in knowledge industry and smart urbanization.
The new IITs will be operated from their temporary campuses for the initial period of three years before shifting into their permanent campuses in the 4th year.
He said soon, the target of electrifying these villages will be accomplished.
• Aimed at reducing Out of Pocket Expenditure at the point of care.
Reviewing the progress in the petroleum and natural gas sector, the Prime Minister sought to know the steps being taken to ramp up ethanol blending of petrol.
Most of those who give suggestions or try to reach to me are those who are really doing something in their lives.
This is also known as the Gandhi Charter.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Kalaburagi in Karnataka and Kancheepuram in Tamil Nadu tomorrow.
And I’m glad that many Japanese companies are deeply involved with our flagship programs.
And, the future of Asia Pacific region will have profound impact on all of us.
The Finance Minister has brought in tax reforms and amendments which will provide relief to the Middle Class, result in setting up of industries, create job opportunities , will put an end to discrimination and will provide incentives for private investments.
The Prime Minister met Mr. Ernest Moniz, US Secretary of Energy.
We are continuously workingto improve the investment climate further and make ourselves more and more competitive.
The Committee will also assess the requirement of measures to be taken to protect Assamese and other indigenous languages of Assam, quantum of reservation in employment under Government of Assam and other measures to protect, preserve and promote cultural, social, linguistic identity and heritage of Assamese people.
My dear countrymen, an audit and assessment of the performance of the present government in the last three years is happening all over on newspapers, social media or TV for the last 15 days..
The Prime Minister said that infrastructure projects are crucial to the progress of the country.
Some people say corruption as a way of life.
This 10 km section is a part of Phase-1 of Chennai Metro.
Football is a passion here and is played in every nook and corner.
There is a very interesting fact about Gurudev that in 1913 he was not only the first Asian to receive the Nobel Prize, but Knighthood was also conferred upon him by the British.
For the innovative manner in which importance of waste management and cleanliness were displayed in this festival, I congratulate the people of Raipur Municipal Corporation, the entire populace of Chhattisgarh, its government and administration.
The new section will provide a convenient and faster mode of transport for the residents of Noida.
For the first time in human history, we are in an urban century.
• Filariasis – Till 31st March 2017, 94 districts achieved <1% Mf rate out of 256 endemic districts which was validated by Transmission Assessment Survey (TAS) and successfully stopped Mass Drug Administration (MDA).
He recalled, “Yesterday I requested people to share their photos of north east visit.
Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Vijay Rupani ji,
No it’s not.
Sharing of information and best practices related to aviation safely activities and safety oversight including Air Traffic Management through seminars, colloquiums, visits and other ideas as appropriate.
During the same event, Shri Narendra Modi will lay the foundation stone for the permanent campus of IIT Bhilai.
And, it is a particular pleasure to jointly inaugurate this Conference with our friend and partner, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan.
People’s participation is the biggest strength of democracy.
The information received has largely proved to be fruitful.
The leaders also noted with appreciation the efforts of Member States in moving towards text-based negotiations.
It is a matter of pride for every Indian that CSIR is celebrating 75th year of committed contribution to the development of modern India.
Urbanization, infrastructure and innovation represent the key focus areas for BRICS economies.
Another measure we have taken is to identify what can be called ‘dead money’ and use it productively.
These tea workers get their wages on weekly basis.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled his interactions with President Trump and requested Secretaries to convey his greetings to him.
In this context, he urged the Council members to work towards establishing strong linkages between the educational institutions, R&D labs, industry and various government departments.
Excellency, I am in agreement what you just said about the strengths and future potential of our relationship.
A week long Bharat Parv has been organized at the Rajpath Lawns in New Delhi by the Ministry of Culture.
He received a loan of 8.5 lakhs from MUDRA scheme.
And the entire British Empire feared these three young men.
A child in a remote village has better access to education.
These include: Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban); Atal Mission for Rejuvenation of Urban Transfornation (AMRUT); and the Smart Cities Mission.
It is true that everyone is not tech-savvy.
5. There was a time when past governments used to be surrounded by accusations, not so anymore.
Reduction in cost of power would be achieved through measures such as increased supply of cheaper domestic coal, coal linkage rationalization, liberal coal swaps from inefficient to efficient plants, coal price rationalization based on GCV (Gross Calorific Value), supply of washed and crushed coal, and faster completion of transmission lines.
President Widodo briefed Prime Minister Modi on Indonesia’s recent reforms and steps taken to enhance the ease of doing business in Indonesia and invited Indian companies to invest in pharmaceuticals, infrastructure, IT, energy and in manufacturing industries.
The Ministry for Women and Child Development selected 26 awardees for Bal Shakti Puraskar, under the category of innovation, scholastic, sports, arts & culture, social service and bravery.
Today, our relation with the gulf countries is not just confined to a buyer-seller relationship but it has become a partnership.
Pained beyond words on the dastardly attack on peaceful Amarnath Yatris in J&K. The attack deserves strongest condemnation from everyone.
Today 2.8 lakh Common Services Centers are there in different parts of the country giving many digital services to people.
The cost is estimated to be Rs.2028.91 crore and total length of the road to be developed is approximately 87 kms.
I pray that the injured recover soon.
The Participants or, upon their authority, the implementing agencies, may set up project teams if necessary, to manage specific cooperative projects taken up under implementing arrangements.
If we look at the map of the world, it is clear that both India and South Africa are located at very important places in the Indian Ocean.
In India, we deeply appreciate his leadership and contribution to strengthening our bilateral relationship.
A few days ago the Ambassadors of many countries witnessed for themselves the preparations for Kumbh.
But why should we restrict ourselves to just have the feeling of hatred against corruption, why should we just express our anguish and anger against corruption?
I am also keen to meet and interact with the Indian-origin community of Myanmar, whose history goes back more than a century.
Everyday fifteen thousand people are going to receive rewards of one thousand rupees each.
And, many makers of modern India, including several of my distinguished predecessors, from Jawaharlal Nehru to Dr. Manmohan Singh, passed through their doors.
This will be the last edition of Mann ki Baat in 2015.
Speaking on the occasion, Shri Narendra Modi said he was delighted to be in Nagpur on the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti.
The world respects & venerates those who rise; the Chatth Pooja bestows upon us the sanskaar to respect & revere those whose setting, whose dusk is imminent.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Morocco for Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
As we celebrate Teacher’s Day this year can we come together and take a resolve?
PM wishes Bharat Ratna and the former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee on his Birthday
The Director shall act as the Secretary to the Institute as well as the Governing Body and support proper functioning and governance of the three AIIMS.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed via video conference, the 99th birthday celebrations of Dada Vaswani in Pune.
He said that strong pathways to commercialization, are needed to leverage our Research & Development achievements, through industrial products.
So, we should not make such Ganeshji idols, which create problems.
The Union Cabinet in its meeting chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Israel on National Campaign for Water Conservation in India.
It is a city of heroism and valour, of art and heritage, and, above all, a strong tradition of hospitality.
It was then and there but not now.
In the fall of 2008, when the Congress passed the India-U.S. Civil Nuclear Cooperation Agreement, it changed the very colours of leaves of our relationship.
Joint Interpretative Statements in general play an important supplementary role in strengthening the investment treaty regime.
It seemed at times, that the evils and corruptions of society,
Implementation of Government schemes are gaining momentum.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his greetings on World Consumer Rights Day.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe today jointly laid the foundation stone for India’s first high speed rail project between Mumbai and Ahmedabad.
I have seen for myself the human suffering caused by disasters.
He asserted that the farmers are the ones, who take the country forward.
Our gathering today re-affirms the commitment of the international community to durable peace and lasting political stability in Afghanistan.
Credit Line Agreement between the EXIM Bank, Government of India and the Government of Cambodia for a Line of Credit to finance the Stung Sva Hab Water Resource Development Project for US$ 36.92 million.
India is setting new records not just in the field of sports but also in hitherto uncharted areas.
When I visited China, a state-to-state summit was also held.
Talking tough on corruption, PM said his Government is working tirelessly to bring the corrupt people to book.
South Africa is a sacred land.
It is in this regard that based on the report of the Committee of Chief Ministers, we have decided to continue to provide assistance in the ratio of 90:10 for core Central schemes and 80:20 for non-core schemes to the North Eastern States.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
Thank you guys for having me over.
ASEAN completed its 50 years of formation in 2017 and in 2017 25 years of India’s partnership with ASEAN were completed.
You may remember that the former President of India, Dr A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, used to always say, “Please print only positive news on the front page of the newspaper”.
Work is going on to connect every panchayat in the country through Optical Fibre Cable..
Some of the strengths of the envisaged amalgamated entity are-
Hence, I hope YOU too will seize the moment and be the winds of change that are transforming our nation.
Mahatma Gandhi and all senior leaders were put behind the bars.
I want to tell you about the NPA problem.
Some of you have Exclusive Economic Zones that are larger than the landmass and Exclusive Economic Zone of India taken together.
Then he retired.
I deeply appreciate the love and encouragement you all have been bestowing on me today.
India supported the adoption of Recommendation.
I state again my Government’s strong support to the ongoing dialogue process between the two Koreas and between the U.S.A. and D.P.R.K.
On the occasion of International Day of Yoga – 2017, the Prime Minister today participated in a mass Yoga demonstration event in Lucknow.
• To release clean drinking water for cities and reduce pollution of rivers like Ganga, thermal plants within 50 km of sewage treatment facilities to use treated sewage water.
This currently covers over 1.15 billion people and digitally authenticates over 40 million transactions daily.
I must confess that there has been a delay in my coming to this great country.
The objective of the MoU is to recognize the mutual benefit of Cooperation in the field of Civil Aviation having particular significance in establishing and improving Regional Air Connectivity in India.
Hardships can never turn into obstacles.
Now look at the other, rather unique, side of it.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji was also in jail at that time.
The signed MoU would lead to setting up of a Joint Working Group, which will further work out the plan of action including the time-frame and the means of implementing the provisions of this MoU.
On WorldRadioDay, I convey my greetings to all those associated with the world of radio, which includes those working in the industry and the listeners.
He apprised the Prime Minister of the latest status at CoP-21 climate talks.
The resulting competition will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
However, people must know that there is a law to protect the cow and the violation of law is not an alternative.
He also underlined the necessity of speed and efficiency in decision making.
We are in-heritors of Vedanta philosophy that believes in essential oneness of all, and celebrates unity in diversity Ekam Satyam, Viprah Bahudavadanti (Truth is one, the learned speak of it in many ways).
We need to work in a Mission Mode and bring a positive change.
The Prime Minister explained how the concept of “Jandhan Aadhar Mobile” (JAM) had helped reduce corruption and leakages in LPG subsidy.
The project is a step towards saving traction energy cost and also cut down on carbon emissions.
And, for this, we are working in campaign mode to skill India’s youth.
There are several such schemes and programmes that are run by citizens but these doesn’t get our attention.
A draft notification was issued in April, 2018 for inviting comments from public at large.
We have to find the solution of this problem in the light of above context which is lingering on from 20-25 years.
The Prime Minister warmly recalled the successful visit of President Joko Widodo to India in December 2016, and said that he is looking forward to welcome President Joko Widodo in India again later this month, when leaders of ASEAN countries will visit India for the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit and will also be the Chief Guests at the Republic Day celebrations thereafter.
You can register yourselves for the ‘Swachch Bharat Summer Internship’ on Mygov.
These parts have to grow further.
The Enhanced Oil Recovery Policyaims to promote the use of latest technologyin improving productivity of up-stream fields.
(iii). Set up Mutual Recognition Agreement on Veterinary hygiene, health certificate between competent authorities of the two Parties.
Talking about the projects in Kerala, the PM said under Bharatmala, a detailed project report for the Mumbai-Kanyakumari corridor is under preparation. .
-Brothers and sisters, these developments indicate that people are buying vehicles, new phone connections and using air travel.
I have had the honour of meeting them on previous occasions.
With struggle and sacrifice, we changed the course of history.
(a) Reduction of the total strength of the cadre from 420 to 376.
They threaten the very fabric of our societies.
One of the flagship programmes of my Government is the ‘Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan’ (The Clean India Campaign).
India remembers 2009, and how the DMK and Congress allotted portfolios after the elections.
Innumerable saints like Gyaneshwar, Namdev, Eknath, Ram Dass, Tukaram are relevant even today in educating the masses.
Our business communities are the strongest proponents for closer and faster commercial cooperation among BRICS.
What was the reason LED bulbs were so costly during the UPA era.
Implementation of the MoU will result in significant mutual benefits in the IT sector, through institutional and capacity-building in the field of IT and Human Resource Development.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated and laid the Foundation Stone for several development projects at Silvassa in Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
Some of our friends, while working on this book had discussed it with me also.
These projects will add impetus to the development journey of the Northeast.
H.E. Dr. Majid bin Abdullah Al Qasabi, Minister of Commerce & Investment
Urging everyone to make Yoga a part of their lives, the Prime Minister said that Yoga is about health assurance, and it is not even expensive to practice.
Everybody is now getting connected with this Fit India Campaign.
And I would like to mention to my countrymen, that festivals like Navaratri in Gujarat, or Durga Utsav in Bengal are tremendous tourist attractions.
Daily we hear about the various innovative efforts in this direction.
Both countries are of firm belief that all development cooperation must be carried out in an open, transparent and non-exclusive manner and based on international standards including respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity of nations, responsible debt financing practices, and in alignment with local economic and development strategies and priorities.
With this, all nine presentations on various governance related themes have now been made in the current series.
The union of Shiva and Parvati is a union of the Himalayas with the oceans.
Such areas shall continue to have an NDZ of 200 meters from the HTL.
The distributed material included sewing machines, Braille kits, hearing aids, smart canes, and other smart devices.
This time, our Parliament has accorded Constitutional status to this Commission, and in doing so, has made an efforts to protect the interests of the Backward and the Most Backward classes.
This MoU is also beneficial for implementation of the cooperation between the two parties for imparting training of engineers, technicians, managers etc.
The existing and emerging challenges to the contemporary international system and global governance architecture deserve serious attention of leaders, governments, policy makers, corporates and civil societies around the world.
Medals in Paralympics have a significance of their own, but going beyond that these medals have made a very big contribution in transforming the attitude towards our DIVYANG brothers and sisters in our country, our society and our neighborhoods.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
People of all age groups have sent messages.
This would also lead to setting up a Joint Working Group, drawing members from DOS/ISRO, and Indonesian National Institute of Aeronautics and Space (LAPAN), for the purpose of achieving the goals of this agreement.
This is not possible without the help of the government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Former Delhi Chief Minister Shri Madan Lal Khurana.
Presence of President Ramaphosa on the Republic Day and participation as the Chief Guest, is a symbol of our shared commitment to strengthen our relations.
He is at LBSNAA on a two-day visit.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister launched several important development projects as well.
Mrs. Suvra Mukherjee will be remembered as a lover of art, culture and music.
Now, many youngsters, small groups, people from the corporate world, schools and some NGOs are jointly going to organize ‘Joy of Giving Week’ from 2nd October to 8th October.
The NAM is addressing the gaps in health services through supporting the efforts of State/UT Governments for providing AYUSH health services/education in the country, particularly in vulnerable and far-flung areas.
Companies like Saudi Aramco, ADNOC, TOTAL, Exxon-Mobil, BP and Shell are looking to increase their investments across the value chain.
India has been ranked at third place in the new Power Ranking in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council.
Cyprus is the 8th largest investor in India.
This is the power of the masses and this is why I request you to come forward and help once again.
He thanked Dr. Gonsalves for the support extended by Saint Vincent and the Grenadines towards UNSC reform.
We have re-energized our rural road-building programme.
There is a further provision in the Protocol for sharing any information received from Japan, with authorization of the competent authority in Japan and vice versa, in respect of a resident of India, with other law enforcement agencies.
Shortly after his address to the nation today, Prime Minister spoke to scientists involved with the successful conduct of Mission Shakti, via video conference.
For example, the theme of this conference is ‘Investing for the Future’.
New opportunities have always out-numbered the lost ones.
For those with mobile and internet, the BHIM-UPI is the world’s most sophisticated, simpleand seamless platform for payments between accounts, using a virtual payment address.
The Vice-Chancellor shall be the Principal Executive Officer of the institution and shall exercise general supervision and control over the affairs of the institution and shall be mainly responsible for implementation of the decisions of all the authorities of the Institution deemed to be University.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi, on his Punya Tithi.
We plan to extend it to other sectors such as food, kerosene, and fertilizers.
Their affection and loyalty to Kenya is foremost.
This is the 36th episode today.
The National Security Chiefs of BIMSTEC Member States called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
But today is a holy occasion and we should celebrate it with honesty and lead the country with honesty.
It will help develop Africa’s agriculture sector.
If possible, one must visit these seven places.
It was noted that Iran will hold an early meeting of the INSTC Coordination Meeting in Tehran.
Even today there are remains of a dock.
The Buddhist Tourism circuit could be an important part of this to attract tourists and pilgrims from our region.
Now after listening to this phone call, I am certain that you would have been shocked and awakened and would probably have resolved not to repeat such a mistake.
In a broader context, media is a means of transforming society.
In a series of tweets, the Prime Minister said “In the journey of every nation there are moments that bring utmost pride and have a historic impact on generations to come.
We should contribute towards ensuring reducing the use of cash, of currency notes.
Yet India has a great challenge to raise many from poverty.
The coins were released at a function at 7, Lok Kalyan Marg, where visually impaired children were specially invited.
Many thanks.
Oils and oilseeds were added later in April, 2008 and the same were extended from time to time.
Let me now turn to the theme of this conference.
Inclusion of topics like the New Industrial Revolution, future of work, etc. in the G20 agenda has enriched the discussion of global development.
She is now one of the leading manufacturers of Pashmina shawls in her area.
But I believe that God is in the proper execution of many so-called details.
This year it will take place in Sri Lanka.
These bulbs have reduced the electricity consumption in every household.
We have to win this battle and the question of feeling exhausted or stopping simply does not arise.
The way to lead a calm, creative and content life is Yoga.
The MoU shall enable exchange of officials from both the Governments to facilitate sharing of best practises, offering technical assistance and enhanced implementation of reforms.
His wife Nidhi also took a resolve and joined the army.
Introduction of Complaint Portal for the use of port users.
I have seen that not just on the banks of Ganga, even in far off South if one meets a person, he is sure to ask, “ Sir, will Ganga be cleaned?”
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Bahadurgarh-Mundka Metro Line via video conference.
Efforts are on for a new market architecture, so as to ensure that farmers get remunerative prices on their produce.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for devotees coming for the Ardh-Kumbh.
President Abbas and I agreed that both sides, through practical cooperation, will work together to build Palestine’s economy and contribute to improving the lives of its people.
Issues that should have been long addressed by previous governments, are being resolved now.
Our National Tiger Conservation Authority has taken many landmark initiatives.
The Prime Minister said he is in Sikkim as the guest of the farmers of the State.
In Dime are one of the most open countries now.
Can we do anything for the poor farmers, dalits, and the deprived class?
Financial implications on account of grant of OROP including Pre-Matured Retirees (PMR) cases would be Rs. 10925.11 crore for payment of arrears and annual financial implication would be Rs. 7488.7 crore.
The voter can see this slip through a screened window where it stays for seven seconds, and then it automatically gets cut and falls down into a sealed drop box.
ASEAN’s economy continues to forge ahead with dynamism and energy.
I hope that our oil and gas sector companies will take the opportunity to tie up with their foreign counterparts to explore for more equity oil.
33. We deplore the continued terrorist attacks, including in some BRICS countries.
Subsidies worth nearly 10 billion US dollars are being directly transferred to the bank accounts of the intended beneficiaries.
Ujjwala Yojana – while they were busy between 9 and 12 cylinders,
In a short time of three years we have improved forty-two ranks.
I am sure you do not have such money in your possession.
We have embarked upon a journey to create a New India.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Bangladesh on cyber security cooperation between Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) under the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology of India and Bangladesh Government Computer Incident Response Team (BGD e-Gov CIRT) Bangladesh Computer Council of Information and Communication Technology Division under the Ministry of Posts, Telecommunications and Information Technology of Bangladesh.
The State has made significant progress in micro-irrigation.
2. Gross Cost Contract: Private operator is paid a fixed sum for the duration of the contract.
The State shared the action plan for revival and restoration of 78,000 water-bodies including tanks, ponds, and farm ponds; one lakh new water-bodies and recharge structures.
To encourage participation in travel fairs/exhibitions in each other’s country and 9.
The operationalisation of PSLV has made the country self-reliant in the launching capability of satellites for earth observation, disaster management, navigation and space sciences.
• These discoveries are estimated to have 194.65 Million Metric Ton (MMT) Oil and oil equivalent gas in place.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited the International Rice Research Institute (IRRI), at Los Banos, in Philippines.
The key objectives of the policy are:
Setting the tone for the interaction, he described the Pariksha Pe Charcha Townhall as a mini-India.
We would undertake training along similar lines for 1500 Judicial Officers of Bangladesh in our judicial academies.
Thank you very much.
A large number of women are employed in the segment.
Many people connected with this sector have made cash deposits in the last few weeks.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for amendment in the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (M-SIPS) to further incentivize investments in Electronic Sector and moving towards the goal of ‘ Net Zero imports’ in electronics by 2020.
India cannot be compared to small city states.
We also have electricityin almost all households now.
My visit to London presents another opportunity for both countries to infuse fresh momentum to this growing bilateral engagement.
g) the International Convention for Bunker Oil Pollution Damage, 2001.
A lot of public money is wasted due to cost and time over-runs.
But, the good news is that myself and His Excellency Cameron have been in constant touch.
He will dedicate the newly constructed building of IIT Gandhinagar, and launch the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Digital Saksharta Abhiyan (PMGDISHA).
He added that AIIMS has come up in Patna while work is on to set up another AIIM in the state to meet the healthcare needs of the people.”
Tributes to the martyrs and condolences to their families.
While their final movements, would have gone unnoticed and on occasions their final resting place unknown, this museum will capture those poignant moments in history and bring out the variegated nature of their commitments.
It will improve connectivity between India and Myanmar and facilitate movement of goods and traffic.
I just have this small request, I do not insist that you only wear Khadi.
Stating that the River Narmada has been a life-giver for centuries, the Prime Minister said that in recent times, the Narmada has been brutally exploited, and that is what had led to the need for a Narmada Seva Yatra.
I am convinced that commissioning of the new enterprise will contribute to stronger defence potential of India, to further advance of the scientific and industrial basis of the national economy, will be instrumental in terms of creating new jobs for qualified work force, and will provide an impetus to professional education and personnel training.
The Prime Minister praised the Vice President for his oratory and his way with words, be it English or Telugu.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway, road, petroleum, and power sectors.
This is an exercise we are undertaking in the spirit of our culture and tradition, but also because of our commitment to the future of this planet.
The country should bear the burden of at least a class of people which includes women and sisters of this country.
The spirit of Sports & games will come to the fore… and at places, people will joyfully feed each other til&gur… sesame &jaggery… people will be heard exchanging the greeting phrase ‘Tilgurghyaaanigorgor bola’!
The UK and India remain committed to working together to substantially increase trade and investment opportunities.
Does the vaccinated child is prone to any possible future serious ailment?
To ensure equitable geographical reach, each of the 250,000 Gram Panchayats would be expected to register an average of 200-300 candidates.
Releasing the new series, Prime Minister said that the Union Government is guided by the vision of reaching the last mile and the last person.
Your countries are close and valued partners of India.
This will also provide a mechanism for countries like India to access and develop technologies that leave a low carbon footprint.
If teachers, parents and even senior students all combine to form a team, a unit with a common thinking, and in a planned way move forward, then exams become a lot easier.
The Bill aims at restoring confidence of consumers in the real estate sector; by institutionalizing transparency and accountability in real estate and housing transactions which will further enable the sector to access capital and financial markets.
Your visit provides an opportunity to break new ground and shape new contours of our partnership.
For global peace and security and economic and social advancement of all people we accept the need of reformed multilateralism.
The brutal terrorist attack in Pulwama shows that the time for discussions is over now.
Just minutes ago, with dedication of Kudankulum 2 and laying of foundation concrete of Kundankulum 3 and 4, we saw the tangible results of India-Russia cooperation in the field of Civil Nuclear Energy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for allowing flexibility in utilisation of domestic coal for reducing the cost of power generation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended, and delivered an address at the event to mark the launch of the Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
The Prime Minister said, ” On the NM Mobile App http://nm4.in/dnldapp , take the pledge and express your commitment towards building a new India.
Interacting with the employees of various Electronic Manufacturing Units, Prime Minister said that India has gone a long way in Electronics Hardware Manufacturing in the last 4 years.
The efforts are on to enlist the co-operation of all to ensure that GST is in place by this session.
Amendment on the MoU on Cooperation in the field of Agriculture and Animal Resources
We know that jawans of our armed forces are the vanguards of rescue & relief operations in Kerala.
Nyari Ki Baat Nyari, Aji Kare Razi (Nyari is unique and Aji can make you to agree).
Can Republic Day be an opportunity to connect the masses with the system?
As Singapore shapes a new future for itself, India emerges as the new global frontier of opportunities.
One can see a clear difference in the pace of work during the three years of the previous government and this government.
These were Bapu’s words and Bapu also clarified that he had not left the path of non-violence.
His actions have actualized Mahatma Gandhi’s principles and values.
Bhusaval- Bandra Khandesh Express Train was flagged off by PM through video link.
He praised the leadership provided by Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath in the State, and said the State Government is working to create an atmosphere conducive for development in the State.
In so doing, we have placed special emphasis on Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes, Other Backward Classes and women.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
Name of MOU
And in our first meeting itself I had experienced his enthusiasm and affection towards India.
Revision of norms of assistance under Mini Mission-II of NMOOP.
Mentioning the benefits of the GST, the Prime Minister said that besides economic integration of the country, and transparency in the system; more than 17 lakh new traders have been brought into the indirect tax system within two months.
During his address, the Prime Minister cited an example to highlight how Make in India has become a brand and is now becoming popular across the world.
During the Prime Minister’s visit to Jammu and Kashmir on 23.10.2014, the issue of financial assistance to the people killed in cross border firing was raised.
Cooperation on drug matters is expected to curb the illicit traffic of narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and precursor chemicals in the two countries.
The MoU was signed on 24th May, 201 7at Suva, Fiji.
Now the examinations have ended and you must be done with your plans to enjoy the vacation.
Military and technical cooperation has traditionally been one of the key areas of special and privileged strategic partnership between Russia and India.
I am eager to hear from my fellow BRICS leaders on their vision for a stronger, deeper and vibrant BRICS community.
Some people even shared their personal achievements.
We will always fulfil the aspirations of the people of India.
The trade and investment ties form the bedrock of our bilateral relationship.
Of course, there is improvement.
India reached an all-time high in many physical indicators in 2015, including
It’s a matter of joy that women in India are taking rapid strides of advancement in all fields, bringing glory to the Nation.
The mind sets of our people are also changing.
Singapore has been a global hub for finance and, it is now taking a leap into the digital future of finance.
This has created a legislative vacuum.
He was a self-taught scholar.
Building of infrastructure should enhance economic activities and add to the atmosphere of development, the Prime Minister said.
However, as of now, our economic partnership remains below our full potential.
Nations must cooperate more with each other.
On the sports field, we can forget what separates us, and we can truly connect with each other in the spirit of sportsmanship and adventure.
· 3rd BRICS Sherpa/Sous-Sherpa Meeting – 2 to 3 June (Pretoria)
And I believe that in this Winter Session, that is beginning in 2017 and will continue in 2018, several important issues of the government, that have far reaching impact, will be brought before the Parliament.
This experience will teach you a lot.
Both sides aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable energy issues on the basis of mutual benefit equality and reciprocity.
The country had virtually become a prison.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took on the reins of weaving a unified India.
Our body is made up of five basic elements and whenever we come in contact with these elements we get fresh energy.
Continued availability of water for agriculture is of importance.
The decision that may be taken in a conference roomin the UN or WTO can affect the life of a farmer in a village in India.
34. Reaffirm our commitment to enhance physical and digital connectivity in line with the MPAC 2025 and the AIM 2020 by, among others, availing of the US$1 billion line of credit announced by India to promote physical infrastructure and digital connectivity.
Last year, I gave a call to citizens.
Setting up of new AIIMS would not only transform health education and training but also address the shortfall of health care professionals in the region.
The benchmark of any living society is its self correcting mechanism.
Beneficiaries:
Let me now turn to some of the programmes and policies that underpin our growth.
Wi-fi zone with monthly tariff plan of Rs. 1700/- from 1.9.2015 to 31.12.2016 and Rs. 2200/- from 1.1.2017 onwards may be created in the Members’ residential areas for providing high speed internet connection (FTTH connection).
May we all be Nourished
Friends, let’s pack your belongings and go somewhere else.
“We salute the skills, strengths and fortitude of the girl child.
The North-Eastern region, with eight percent of India’s land area, contains one-third of the country’s water resources.
The threat from terrorism endangers not just our two countries.
To every Afghan, who has risked or lost his life so that his Indian guest is safe, I convey the eternal gratefulness of India.
He had presented such a big truth of life in such simple words for the society.
This will further boost domestic demand, create more opportunities for Indian business and drive job creation.
Youngsters must venture out and work for the welfare of farmers, he added.
He said this was everyone’s programme.
India has a long tradition of partnerships with fellow developing countries, while pursuing our own aspirations for growth.
It will also ease the pressure on railway and road infrastructure due to long distance transportation of urea from Western and Central Regions and thereby saving in Govt. subsidy on freight.
Recalling his initial address, the Prime Minister said that in a very simple way, he spoke of the vision for New India, and about the Vedas written 5000 years ago.
In a short period, AIIB has approved 25 projects in a dozen countries with a total financing of over 4 billion US Dollars.
I have immense confidence that this new team will leave no stone unturned in making UP Uttam Pradesh.
He said that the protection of human rights has been an important part of our culture.
There is a season for flying kites.
• The objective of the project is to build the most accessible, affordable and trusted bank for the common man; spearhead the financial inclusion agenda by removing the barriers for the unbanked and reduce the opportunity cost for the under banked populace through assisted doorstep banking.
Promoting economic and commercial engagement has been a foundational impulse in the creation of BRICS.
He was an effective voice for Karnataka’s aspirations in Delhi.
We were also aware that under the pressure of this campaign, the government machinery will be required to make a number of corrections on the policy front.
• The R&D projects will be aimed at accelerating social transformation by providing solutions through application of science and technology.
No one had ever thought of this.
The Scheduled Tribes residing in Banswara, Dungarpur, Pratapgarh, and partial areas of Udaipur, Rajsamand, Chittorgarh, Pali and Sirohi districts of Rajasthan will get benefits of protective measures available under the Fifth Schedule to the Constitution of India.
Friends, the development schemes launched by the government have made a positive impact on every individual of the country.
The issue of leveraging existing postal infrastructure to create Hybrid Payment Banks across the country was also discussed.
While appreciating the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister observed that the matter is presently sub-judice.
The President and I agreed that India offers excellent investment opportunities for Cypriot entrepreneurs.
Western DFC, a corridor of 1,522 km from Jawaharlal Nehru Port Terminal (JNPT) to Dadri visualized for reducing the congestion in the Mumbai-Delhi route, being executed through JICA funding.
Now power brokers are not visible in the streets of Delhi.
With this commitment, my government gave the final sanction to this project in January 2015.
We are insisting on IT based transactions in procurement and purchases of Government.
Main objectives of the MoU are:
With this in view, we have launched the “Make in India” initiative.
This year when they produced 16 lakh tons of pulses to provide nutrition to the poor, the government took the historic step of encouraging them by buying their produce.
The Prime Minister will later visit the Pratap Gaurav Kendra in Udaipur.
Some people thought that all governments are alike.
A major threat to the tiger is the demand for its body parts and derivatives.
But, we have faith in the talent and enterprise of Indians.
During the Summit, the Prime Ministers pledged to deepen cooperation between the Nordic countries and India, and focused their discussions on key issues related to global security, economic growth, innovation and climate change.
He released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
It is true that sports & games that were once a part & parcel of every child’s life, in every lane in the neighbourhood, are fading into oblivion.
iv) Medical Equipment;
He said the museum inaugurated today is a great attempt to bring the past back to life.
The government has declared 7th of August to be celebrated as Handlooms Day, every year to promote handlooms, the PM added.
7. Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
He told that a Rs 600 crore project is coming up to use Betwa river water for drinking purpose for Jhansi and adjoining villages..
Violence cannot provide a solution to any problem.
The MoU was signed on 3rd October, 2018.
And, this is the message of Sufism, one of the greatest contributions of Islam to this world.
Another major subsidy is on fertilizer.
He said Mahatma Gandhi, whose 150th birth anniversary will be celebrated in 2019, is a source of inspiration, as we work towards an Open Defecation Free India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will address two important video conferences on 31st December and 1st January.
Jobs will also be created for ancillary activities including call centres, research and evaluation and IEC activities.
Forts are symbols of our heritage.
These are examples of how work can be achieved with the help of society.
Not long ago, he mentioned, the “I” in BRICS (referring to the BRICS countries) was shaky, but today it is the strongest element of the BRICS.
India became an ASEAN Sectoral Dialogue Partner in 1992, a full ASEAN Dialogue Partner in 1995, and participated in the East Asia Summits (EAS) from 2005.
Cabinet noted the progress under NHM including accelerated decline in MMR, IMR, U5MR and TFR.
This inclination should be ingrained within us like a sanskaar.
I had visited the Bombay Stock Exchange in June 2013 for a book launch.
This is why athletes are special, he added.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is determined to preserve the legacy of all those who contributed to the cause of India’s defence and security, and to its social life.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Iran on cooperation in the field of Health and Medicine.
The Union Cabinet in its meeting held on 22/06/2016 had approved the proposal to establish a Fund of Funds for Start-ups (FFS) with a total corpus of Rs.10000 crore, with contribution spread over the 14th & 15th Finance Commission cycles based on progress of implementation and availability of funds.
India is a leading maritime nation and maritime transportation caters to about ninety-five percent of its merchandise trade volume.
There is no financial implications at present.
The President and Vice President also explicitly expressed their displeasure.
Development and prosperity of Pune Metropolitan Area will also contribute to the prosperity and development of the nation.
My dear countrymen, a few days ago, a DGP conference was held at Kevdia on the banks of Narbada in Gujarat, where the world’s highest statue ‘Statue of Unity’ is situated, there I had a meaningful discussion with the top policemen of the country.
A movement “Swachhta Hi Sewa” was launched on the 15thof September.
This will also help with the effective use and maintenance of our vast scientific and technological infrastructure.
Above all, Cho Ramaswamy was a dear friend.
Let me tell you, the festivals are not only about entertainment, there has to be purpose behind.
(ii) The Japan India Food Business Council was launched in May 2018.
Moreover, with the Government assuring healthcare benefits, the savings of a family, can now be better used for other consumption and investment.
Addressing a gathering, the Prime Minister said he was happy to be in Kedarnath, a day after Diwali.
Dedicated Freight Corridors are being developed to mitigate the congestion of our railway network.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Commercial Courts, Commercial Division and Commercial Appellate Division of High Courts (Amendment) Bill, 2018 for introduction in the Parliament.
Giving several illustrations of this theme, he mentioned use of available land, the country’s mineral wealth, and vast untapped solar energy potential.
At the time of disinvestment, surplus land measuring 773.13 acres located at five locations in 4 cities, namely, Pune, Kolkata, New Delhi and Chennai (out of a total of 1230.13 acres of land) was demarcated and decided that the surplus land will not be part of the disinvestment bid.
We plan to link our villages through broadband connectivity, within a clear timeframe.
The implementation of the project would provide the much needed additional public transport infrastructure to NCR.
Mr. Lykketoft briefed Prime Minister on his priorities for the 70th Session of the UN General Assembly.
Thanking you all.
And, at the sacred site in Jinja, where a statue of Gandhiji now stands, we will build a Gandhi Heritage Centre.
He visited the Sant Kabir Cave, and unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of Sant Kabir Academy, which will highlight the great saint’s teachings and thought.
So, we are pleased that the Government of Sri Lanka has taken a number of significant steps in recent times.
Development of high quality health, education and research facilities in Myanamar under our development partnership is a cause of happiness.
Second installment
There is no scope to provide assistance directly to private entrepreneurs/Cooperative bodies/Joint ventures for large scale plantation.
The Prime Minister’s visit to Bodh Gaya coincides with Day 3 of SAMVAD – the Global Hindu Buddhist Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environment Consciousness, during which the delegates for this event will be present at Bodh Gaya.
However, the bidding process could not be carried forward due to receipt of only one application each against ‘Request for Qualifications’ (RFQs) for revival of Gorakhpur and Sindri units of FCIL.
The JIPFL delegation conveyed their condolences for the victims of the cross-border terror attack in Uri, J&K on 18 September 2016.
He will begin his visit to the State by offering prayers at the Shri Manjunatha Swamy Temple at Dharmasthala.
The occasion is to commemorate the serving of 3 billion meals by the foundation.
2. exchange of invitations to international conferences and seminars;
Once united by geography, we are now linked by the Indian Ocean.
And I can share these small things with you through the app.
They added that it is the Muslim community’s responsibility that under no circumstances should anyone compromise the nation’s security or well-being.
India, with its leadership in Information Technology domain, would strive to use this technology tilt to its advantage.
LalBahadurShastriji had a unique quality in that, he was very humble outwardly but he was rock solid from inside.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, arrived in Washington DC on Monday afternoon.
98. We welcome the successful hosting of the 3rd BRICS Games by South Africa and we further note the progress that has been made in establishing the BRICS Sports Council.
(a) Sharing of experience regarding governmental oversight of aerodromes with special focus on sustainable and environment-friendly aerodrome development and planning.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the participants of cleanliness related activities.
Prime Minister said that rail and road dual use bridge at bogibeel has brought Arunachal more closer to the mainland.
Further, Phase-I of Patratu Super Thermal Power Station expected to commission in fourth quarter of 2022-2023.
However, our Winter Session is getting started.
Last month our Women players too won laurels.
Prime Minister, welcome to our campus and Mark, thank you for hosting us on this fine Sunday morning.
The Chief Minister also spoke of the progress made in micro-irrigation, which has so far covered 40,000 hectares in the State.
Congrats to EC for their stupendous efforts, that make our democracy stronger.
This is the land from where India Looked East and Acted East thousands of years ago.
May he continue to guide us and give us strength ”, the Prime Minister said.
Combating, preventing, detering and eradicating illegal, unregulated, and unreported (IUU) fishing and recognizing crimes related to fisheries crime as one of the emerging crimes, which has become an ever-growing threat to the world causing marine environmental degradation.
100% FDI, is now permitted, for trading, including through e-commerce, of food products manufactured or produced in India.
President-elect Lajcak shared his priorities for the upcoming 72nd UN General Assembly.
In the digital world, in the world of data, Aadhaar has given a big reason to India to take pride in this field.
Do you think that “Make in India” will ultimately be successful?
Development of MSME sector is a priority for us as this is the back-bone of our industries.
We have set a goal in India that by 2030 at least 30% of our vehicles will run with electrical batteries.
“Rani Lakshmibai is a source of inspiration for every Indian.
To protect the vulnerable and the middle class, a subsidy is paid directly to one hundred and sixty nine million bank accounts.
It is the largest economy in South East Asia.
I have also instructed that the performance appraisal system, for Income Tax Officers be changed.
Hence, he helped the freedom struggle become a mass movement.
May this Yoga Day become an opportunity to deepen our connect with Yoga and motivate people around us to practice it.
In this context, I offer my heartiest salutations to my dear countrymen for one very remarkable thing.
“Attack on CRPF personnel in Pulwama is despicable.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in New Delhi on June 29, 2018.
It is because of such efforts that we have improved significantly on the Ease of Doing Business rankings from 142 to 77”.
But, at times, in the background, there exist many things that are much higher, much greater than the world of sports.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government has taken a number of decisions that have brought about fundamental transformation.
This year, India and Israel are marking 25 years of our diplomatic relations.
By dialing this number 1-9-6-9 you will be able to know the progress of construction of toilets in your city and will also be able to submit an application for construction of a toilet.
The Prime Minister will address the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
They looked forward to strengthening cooperation against terrorist threats from groups including Al-Qaida, ISIS, Jaish-e-Mohammad, Lakshar-e-Tayyiba, and their affiliates.
The MoU was signed on 1st November 2018.
Both leaders expressed their happiness at the close and regular consultations between India and Afghanistan at all levels, which have served to guide their strategic partnership and strengthen all-round cooperation.
President of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank
Government Departments and Public Sector undertakings will also use City Compost for their horticulture and related uses.
The present approval for the establishment of the six new IITs to be registered as Societies under the Societies under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 to create new legal IIT entities, as passing the Bill for amendment of the IT Act, 1961 for incorporation of the six new IITs in the Parliament will take some time.
Edible Oil is an important component of household food basket.
PM said that through PM Kisan Saman Nidhi announced in the budget, those with less than 5 acre will get Rs 6000 every year in their bank accounts in three installments.
It envisages free and compulsory elementary education to every child in the age group of 6-14 years.
What a big collective decision this must have been?
Social organisations, cultural organizations and common citizens charged with the spirit of service are also making their utmost efforts to help the affected people in this situation.
I have not seen any such psychologist till now, who are capable of assessing a person on the basis of interviewing him just for two minutes.
It would help in the proper application of Customs laws, prevention and investigation of Customs offences and the facilitation of legitimate trade.
We have been working to solve this situation in the form of the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana.
Under the MoU, German Social Accident Insurance (DGUV) through the International Social Security Association (ISSA) is bringing in knowhow to meet the OSH challenges, especially in the construction and manufacturing sector.
This was evident from a strong participation from Canada in the India investment Summit being held on 4-5 February 2016 in New Delhi.
To tap this energy fully, we have launched the Start up IndiaCampaign.
MUDRA is meant to encourage enterprise; it is about creating earning opportunities.
Our trade has more than doubled over the last decade.
Yet, our region is also navigating its way through multiple transitions to a stable, peaceful and prosperous future.
May this Kumbh of Spirituality become Mahakumbh of Indian Philosophy.
The highest United Nations Environment Award ‘Champions of the Earth’ was conferred upon India.
But, there is much to be done.
We have also championed the cause of solar energy globally through the International Solar Alliance.
The Prime Minister said, “Tributes to the brave martyrs of the Jallianwala Bagh massacre.
We want to bring value addition right from seeds to marketing.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and the hard work of our farmers, for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
There is a competition among all the cities under the Clean India Mission, there is a competition to declare itself free from open defecation before others.
Stop insulting the Jawans of India.
He said that her compassion is reflected in the attention to detail that has been given in this project.
Even now, IMF quotas do not reflect the global economic realities.
Some Government officers have also committed serious offences, and tried to take advantage of the situation.
We have made significant contributions in making the architecture of global economic governance more representative and democratic and we will continue to work further in this direction.
This agreement will be beneficial for citizens of both countries.
All of us have just celebrated Christmas and the New Year is on its way.
He will unveil multiple Projects pertaining to health, education, water supply and sanitation.
They reiterated their call for Pakistan to bring the perpetrators of the November 2008 terrorist attack in Mumbai to justice.
Sectors such as energy and power, transportation, telecom, rural infrastructure, agriculture development, water supply and sanitation, environment protection, urban development, and logistics require long term funds.
So while it is good to care about society, this is beneficial to the family as well.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Shri Jagdish Thakkar, the PRO in the PMO.
I would like to give you an example of the range and sweep of his ideas.
The Prime Minister will jointly host a meeting of International Solar Alliance with Prime Minister of France, Mr. François Hollande.
• The New Steel Policy, 2017 aspires to achieve 300MT of steel-making capacity by 2030.
Sri Lankan President Maithripala Sirisena said it is a matter of great fortune, that Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi is present here today.
The fourth founding principle of Auroville is that it will connect the spiritual and material approaches of the contemporary world.
There is however a long way to go.
Salient Features of Admirability Bill, 2016
Malaysian competence in infrastructure is well known.
Raipur inspired various types of such garbage or trash festivals in other districts too.
I am very pleased to have deepened my association with President Putin.
He said this was a priceless collection, which should be documented in detail for posterity.
It will strengthen bilateral ties between India and Australia.
The project would not just irrigate the fields of six hundred and forty villages in Chiste, Obe, Pashtun Zarghun, Karokh, Gozara, Injil, Zindjan, Kohsan and Ghoryan .
Due to legacy issues, DISCOMs are trapped in a vicious cycle with operational losses being funded by debt.
e) To invest in the Tourism and Hospitality sectors
I am happy that this resolution has been fulfilled today.
Further, development of additional 106 NWs will create additional job opportunities.
He complimented the people of the state for coming out to vote despite a fragile environment and said it shows their faith in democracy and the urge for the development of the state.
And, language is much more than a tool for communication.
I have often emphasized that technology must be used to transform governance.
Through this MoU, both the countries agree to sign an agreement on mutual recognition of academic qualifications.
These projects will enhance connectivity, especially in the city of Patna and nearby areas.
The correspondence between Swami Vivekananda and Jamsetji Tata will show the concern Swami ji had towards India’s self-reliance, the Prime Minister said.
Let us affirm that the best ideas will come from Indian laboratories and from Indian students.
But in the same act, there was a job which was incomplete.
Today is indeed a special day.
The expected outcomes of the Mission are as follows:
Thus, you would have seen that power-brokers are not to be seen in the power corridors of Delhi.
He said the Union Government is committed to empowering and developing the islands.
And, we now have environment that is open and welcoming.
Brothers and sisters, I am restless, I am restless to ensure that our citizens can have a quality life, so that they can have the opportunity to live with ease and so that there may be an all-round improvement.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released a photo book titled “President Pranab Mukherjee – A Statesman”, at an event in Rashtrapati Bhawan.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he feels a special energy in the environment from this mass chanting.
Further, schools can be encouraged to discuss this in their classrooms daily for a few minutes, so that children too, are exposed to the strength and richness of our diversity.
Disbursement of training cost to training partners will be linked to Aadhaar and biometrics for better transparency and targeting.
We are trying to bring about a massive change in the lives of people living in the coastal areas through this program.
The MoU will promote bilateral cooperation in the field of Spatial Planning, Water Management and Mobility Management between the two countries.
The today’s youth of Gujarat who are in the age group of 15-17 and the generations to come after them would not know what was the situation in Gujarat earlier?
Thangavelu had lost his right leg when he was just 5.
Both sides stressed the need to hold accountable those who support or have supported DPRK’s nuclear and missile programmes.
The Prime Minister met the Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Dr. Ralph Gonsalves.
I congratulate our youth & urge them to register themselves as voters.
Madam Lagarde, My Cabinet colleague Shri Jaitley, Ladies and Gentlemen,
Later he also visited the Deendayal Museum in the Institute campus.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
It is a journey which offers the exciting possibility of not only building a better balance sheet for your company but of building a better India, building a better America, and building a better world.
An honest man now feels that his honesty matters.
It is a step forward in our efforts to mobilize capital for India’s large infrastructure development needs.
In the interim budget for 2019-20, Government of India introduced a mega pension scheme namely Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Maan-dhan (PM-SYM) to ensure old age protection for unorganized Workers, whose monthly income is Rs 15,000/ per month or less
Our approach is not only to eradicate poverty but also to root out the causes of poverty in the country.
The event is being organized at Kutch, Gujarat.
This yatra (journey) is known as Wari and lakhs of warkaris join this.
Social media is reducing social barriers.
The identified areas of cooperation include high-speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure, etc.
We are soon going to strengthen this process further under the banner of Stand-up India.
d. Fostering tourism and cultural exchanges:
Over the course of time this is also expected to reduce the country’s dependence on the import of gold.
Greetings to the people of Odisha as they celebrate the festival of Nuakhai.
I had the opportunity to speak to them last evening.
Under the Scheme, the following incentives shall be provided to new industrial units set up in the North Eastern States including Sikkim:
With these strengths, India offers you a solid platform to test and launch your making and designing capabilities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today jointly inaugurated the Pashupatinath Dharmashala in Kathmandu, with the Prime Minister of Nepal, Shri K.P. Oli.
• Engage and seek mutual collaboration on the demonstration and development of smart grid technologies such as smart metering, demand response, power quality management, distribution automation, electric vehicle/charging infrastructure as well as renewable integration, through research, capacity building,policy cooperation and learning on market design prerequisites including business models.
Today, I unveiled a plaque for the foundation stone of a football stadium.
Our agreement on prevention of drug trafficking is a testimony to our shared determination to combat this menace and these networks.
We are a top sporting power in badminton, doing well in shooting, weight-lifting and many more sports.
Sachin ji also talked of a positive approach, a positive frame of mind.
In the same vein, he said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore belongs to Bangladesh, as much as to India.
Improving delivery of services to the stakeholders using e-Governance is one of the major focuses of this Bill.
India and Africa have a historic relationship based on mutual respect, trust and solidarity.
He released a commemorative postage stamp on Varanasi City.
Signing of the Agreement will open a new chapter in bilateral relations, as both sides will now leverage complementary strengths spurred by a significant convergence of mutual interests in science and technology.
We have succeeded in containing the fiscal and current account deficits, and curbing inflation.
Besides the centre has released nearly 18,000 crore rupees in the last three years for the rural roads in Tamil Nadu, for the expansion of self-help-groups, for the skill development of rural youth.
• Continuing to promote dialogue on incident response best practices;
The Times Group Newspaper “Vijaya Karnataka” started a new initiative urging the children to write a letter to the Prime Minister of the country.
The Hockey World Cup will commence on the 28th November to be concluded on the 16th December.
It is an India which is Ambedkar’s India, of the poor and the backward.
He said Kashi is emerging as an important international tourist destination.
Paying homage to Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore, the two leaders signed the visitors’ book.
Our Development needs are huge.
However, several factors adversely affected India’s domestic oil and gas output.
HIRA model of development – Highway, I Way, Railway, Airway is on in Tripura, says PM
The Sides welcomed the proposed trilateral meeting between the Republic of India, the Russian Federation and the Islamic Republic of Iran on the sidelines of “Transport Week – 2018” in Moscow, on the issue of Indian goods transportation through the territory of Iran to Russia.
The Prime Minister appreciated the social reform efforts of the Dawoodi Bohra community, and said the Union Government fully supported these initiatives.
This is the land of our glorious maritime legacy.
ICAI’s association with NBAA, Tanzania will help in indirect employment generation for Indian CAs through recognition and acceptability amongst Tanzania based employers.
Phase 1: Tura-Dalu (NH-51)
All these have made opening a new business very easy.
The whole of India mourned with their Thai brothers and sisters the demise of the great and popular King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
Today, President and I reviewed our multifaceted bilateral ties.
It retains the order of the Tshal-pa Kanjur, which is based on the old catalogue Hphan-than-ma.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, dedicated the Bansagar Canal Project to the Nation in Mirzapur today.
This navigation system will guide fishermen and other citizens through Satellite signals.
I came to know that Thanthi means telegram.
• The Bill contains a substantive banning clause which bans Deposit Takers from promoting, operating, issuing advertisements or accepting deposits in any Unregulated Deposit Scheme.
Of late, News of abundant rainfall has been steadily coming in.
The Duraiappah Stadium, named in honour of a former Mayor of Jaffna, the late Alfred Thambirajah Duraiappah, has been renovated by the Government of India at a cost of over Rs. 7 crore.
Students, their parents and teachers, all are engaged in tasks related to examinations.
Mr. Gulshan Arora from Delhi has left a message on MyGov.
We will rely on transparent written examination results to decide who will be selected.
Prime Minister Modi said that India is now among the fastest growing countries in the world.
We hope to further develop strong people-to-people and economic ties with Ireland in the years to come.
Prof. Philip Kotler is a world renowned Professor of Marketing at Northwestern University, Kellogg School of Management.
We have put most sectors on automatic approval and opened up sectors like defence and railways to foreign investment.
The Prime Minister noted that the current year is special, because it marks the 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement; the 100th anniversary of Champaran Satyagraha; and the 125th anniversary of the celebration of ‘Saarvjanik Ganesh Utsav’ – inspired by Bal Gangadhar Tilak.
(ii) That the Madhya Pradesh Government will pay for the difference in the area of the land measuring 0.59 acres at the present land rates as both the lands are in the same zone of land rates.
When the Doklam issue surfaced.
You will be happy to know that we are not alone in our fight against terrorism.
On the subject of peer pressure, the Prime Minister spoke of the importance of “Anuspardha” (competing with oneself), rather than “Pratispardha” (competing with others).
I am very happy that a lot of news stories related to cleanliness keep appearing in the media space.
These include:-
The two Prime Ministers announced that a UK-India Year of Culture will be organised in 2017 to celebrate our deep cultural ties and the 70th anniversary of Indian Independence.
During the past few days, the cashless transactions, or cashless trading has increased by 200 to 300%.
Business can be done at ones wish any time.
That is, if your heart is pure, then the Absolute master resides within your heart.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Rajasthan tomorrow, 29th August 2017.
The Prime Minister said that India follows the philosophy of Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam – the world is one family.
It will lead to greater inclusiveness and will make the transgender persons productive members of the society.
And, the traditional tools of military, intelligence or diplomacy alone would not be able to win this fight.
There is need to develop specialized arbitration bar associations.
Neurosurgery, Neurology, Nephrology, Plastic Surgery, Urology, Microvascular and Medical & Surgical Gastroenterology.
Often, India and the U.S. have combined their strengths in science, technology and innovation to help fight hunger, poverty, diseases and illiteracy in different parts of the world.
The proposed MoU will pave way for recognition of maritime education and training, certificates of competency, endorsements, training documentary evidence and medical fitness certificates for seafarers issued by the Government of the other country in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 1/10 of the Convention, and cooperation between the two countries in training and management of seafarers.
No poor person of the country will have to face difficulty in dealing with diseases.
There are many other reforms which have already happened, but need gestation and stabilization time, before they are taken into account by the World Bank.
I am delighted to see so many of our young students here today.
d. Improving taxpayer awareness and education through continuous engagement.
He asserted that the Union Government is fully dedicated to the poor of the nation.
Then there will be surely healthy children in your villages.
President Abbas and I have just concluded useful and detailed discussions that will add further strength to our partnership.
India exports fish and fisheries products to about 95 countries.
56. Recalling the Johannesburg Summit’s focus on the 4th Industrial Revolution and the outcomes of the BRICS Meetings of Science and Technology and Industry Ministers, we commend the establishment of the BRICS Partnership on New Industrial Revolution (PartNIR).
· EBRD’s core operations pertain to private sector development in their countries of operation.
I learn a great deal from their suggestions and complaints.
May this new year bring joy and prosperity.
That is why we have encouraged this people’s participation as “Team India”.
It will bring together a coalition of 121 countries for mutual gains through enhanced solar energy utilisation.
And, our forces participate in peacekeeping missions around the world.
Remember to recollect the incidents that inspire others.
CBFS is a Government organization established by a Royal Decree of the Sultanate of Oman in 1983, with the objectives of educating and training bankers and encouraging research in Banking and Financial subjects.
This is among the highest number for any country.
• 1.68 crore pregnant women and 1.31 crore children registered in MCTS / RCH portal as on 31st March, 2017.
In 2014, it was after thirty years that a Party got a full majority in the Parliament.
In less than a year, we opened 190 million new bank accounts.
By reducing unnecessary chemical inputs, it is also good for health of consumers.
PM will Flag-off Bhusaval- Bandra Khandesh Express Train through video link.
For me, he was a personal inspiration.
He said that the recollection of movements such as the Quit India Movement, is a source of inspiration, and added that the current generation has a responsibility of passing on the legacy of such movements, to the future generations.
Your training and your future is what this is all about.
I would request you all that do not make death so cheap.
The holy month of Ramzan is observed all across, in prayer with piety.
iii. The designated airlines of either country shall have the right to establish offices in the territory of the other country for the promotion and sale of air services.
He observed that rescue of people who are still marooned remains the topmost priority.
3. Increase of 2 posts of DC (STS level).
School children, college students, NCC, NSS, youth organisations, media groups, the corporate world, all of them offered voluntary cleanliness service on a large scale.
Many years ago, I visited Andaman & Nicobar Islands.
Earlier, portfolio investments had a separate cap.
With the amendment of 2017, an enabling legislative provision was created for the disposal of enemy property.
Todays trend is that while we live in village there must also be a home in a city where we can go with our family for outing.
He said India is performing better on various macro-economic parameters.
Mr. Yang Jiechi conveyed the greetings of President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang to the Prime Minister.
I offer my best wishes to you all for Ganesh Chaturthi.
Central University of Rajasthan, Bandersindri, Rajasthan
The protocol lays down obligations of the parties.
Islam, in many parts of South East Asia has distinctive Indian connections going back several centuries.
For the past many years, several students have made their contributions to this project.
Prime Minister conveyed his gratitude for the invitation and agreed to the visit at a suitable time.
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
The security of these forts was the responsibility of the Maratha Navy.
There is a sharp imbalance in boy-girl ratio.
Festivals infuse new life into individuals as well as the society.
Ayushman Bharat Yojana and social security schemes are also going to touch their lives, PM added.
b. Putting up in place a shared national communication campaign, communications strategy and guidelines, customizing communications, products and material to local contexts alongwith developing plans for large scale dissemination.
The Prime Minister was also briefed on steps being taken to further boost regional connectivity, and further improve customer satisfaction indices at airports.
How do we make zero waste our priority?
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
iii. Interest Subvention of about 1.8% and NABARD’s administrative cost of 0.2% to be provided as per the scheme of Department of Agriculture, Cooperation & Farmers Welfare (DAC&FW).
Keeping this in mind, in December 2015, the Union Cabinet approved a Special Package Fund for the North Eastern States.
From the point of view of the world’s oldest democracy, obviously it would be nice if the new engines are democratic engines.
Best wishes in leading USA to greater achievements in the coming years.
During his opening remarks, the Prime Minister said that today’s talks will go a long way in furthering ties between the two countries.
Responding to a question, he said Germany and India are “made for each other.”
While in India, people of various faiths have been living for centuries, not only in principles but in practical also.
In this context, Prime Minister Lee and I have agreed to expedite the second review of our Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement.
This has been expressed in the famous Sanskrit phrase– VasudhaivaKutumbakam – the world is one family.
vi. A Joint Task Force with representatives from both sides would be constituted to monitor the working of the MoU.
He described President Pranab Mukherjee as extremely knowledgeable and extremely simple.
• And, ultimately, it reflects the way people live, work and transact in a society.
I’m grateful to the government of Myanmar for this.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will today begin his two day official visit to Iran.
• The projects were visited by a team under Chairman CWC during 2016 and by another team under Sh.
He expressed his commitment to the development of the State and its people, and appealed for restoration of normalcy.
This success will bring benefits of our space programme to the common man.
I bow to all my poor labourers who have fulfilled this sacred task with this devotion.
We are making our digital infrastructure and services accessible and affordable that will also bring broadband to six hundred thousand villages, and free Wi Fi to schools, universities and public places.
Do send your best wishes to our sportspersons in Rio on the ‘NarendraModi App’.
The MoU will apply to members of good standing who have gained membership in the ICAI or one of the Canadian Provincial CPA bodies by meeting the education, examination and practical experience requirements of the ICAI or the Canadian Provincial CPA bodies respectively.
This is a historic opportunity for India to play a prominent role in the governance of a multilateral institution.
It must have space for everyone’s aspiration.
This is over and above Rs. 940 crores which was released earlier.”
Establishing this Major port at Enayam will not only act as a major gateway container port for Indian cargo that is presently trans-shipped outside the country, but also become a trans¬-shipment hub for the global East-West trade route.
Our motto is ‘More crop, per drop.’
We will collaborate more – here and in India – in defence equipment and technology.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the revised Model Text for the Indian Bilateral Investment Treaty.
“My thoughts are with all those who have lost their loved ones in the tragic earthquake that has affected parts of Iran and Iraq.
As our economy grows, our global and regional integration will increase.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered brave soldiers who fought in 1971, on the occasion of Vijay Diwas.
I thank President Xi Jinping for bringing us together for this dialogue.
Everybody wants to understand and learn from each other.
ii) Medical Consumable products;
My friends complain to me often that I sleep very little.
I also practice breathing exercises. #HumFitTohIndiaFit.
Mr. Tobgay congratulated the Prime Minister on what he described as a “visionary” statement at the United Nations Summit for the adoption of Post-2015 Development Agenda.
Amid the din in Parliament, an excellent task was accomplished, which has not attracted due attention of the country.
Mr. Rajendra Singh from Dehradun is an ex-Armyman.
There he drew upon India’s ancient wisdom to make a passionate call for unity in the world.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modiwill also inaugurate New High Court Circuit Bench at Jalpaiguri.
My first engagement will be the Singapore Lecture.
In addition, outstanding loan of Rs. 35 crore given to the company by Government of India (Ministry of Railways) shall be written off.
They also discussed ways to promote greater cultural and people-to-people exchanges and agreed to explore establishing new mechanisms in this direction.
My life at the Railway Station taught me so much.
At that time, I had invited BSE to set up a world beating International Stock Exchange.
On that day, thousands from this great country fought to protect the torch of liberty on the remote shores of a land that they did not know.
Welcome to the 16thInternational Energy Forum Ministerial Meeting.
On behalf of millions of Divyangjan of the country I express my thanks.
Foreign investment has increased and the fiscal deficit has decreased.
This is a day to feel proud of and show respect to our country’s armed forces.
Actually, it is this people who run the economy.
Incentivisation of States was approved by the Cabinet while approving the Swachh Bharat Mission (Gramin) on 24th September, 2014.
While combating the ill-effects of climate change, the development space for India and developing countries needs to be preserved.
In this regard, I would like to express gratitude to Russian and Indian specialists, to all those who so promptly made this project happen.
Brothers and sisters, last year on the occasion of 15th of August, I had expressed some of my views before you.
He said India would be a part of Ireland’s celebrations of the centenary of their freedom struggle, in 2016.
Means calm of bygone days may not be worth today.
PM will unveil the plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of AIIMS, Madurai.
The Prime Minister said laws made before independence were based on the premise that people should not be trusted.
Once,Naxals had kidnapped a respected person.
He added that,, “The speed and scale at which Mission Indra Dhanush is working is setting a new paradigm in preventive healthcare.
The new series of coins will facilitate the visually impaired, and will instil them with confidence, PM said.
Cooperation between India and Japan on Agriculture,Food Processing, Food Safety, Forestry, and Fisheries
Officials explained the steps taken towards speeding up the grant of patents and trademarks, including enhanced manpower.
He unveiled a series of development projects to give a boost to infrastructure in the state.
As committed under the 13 Schedule of Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act, 2014, it has been decided to set up this Institute.
Annexure to the MoU on Military Cooperation.
The route to this success also has been paved only because of you.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today dedicated India’s longest road tunnel, the 9 kilometre long Chenani-Nashri Tunnel in Jammu and Kashmir, to the nation.
Never ever break their trust, don’t let anyone to even doubt that.
The first consignment of imported Dal would be reaching Mumbai by 5.9.2015.
PM emphasized that energy justice can be done only when people believe in their collective power.
The MoU was signed during the visit of the Prime Minister of Bangladesh to India in April 2017.
He said a similar exercise is now underway in seven cities of Madhya Pradesh.
All these images have made a deep imprint on my mind.”
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Sakshi Malik on winning Bronze medal in Wrestling in Rio Olympics.
The setting up of RashtriyaKamdhenuAayogwill lead to conservation, protection and development of cattle population in the country including development and conservation of indigenous breeds.
We have faced daily threats, but we feel secure in your midst.
My advice to you is to Make India your center; if you want this century to be your century.
Prime Minister Modi also conveyed that, as a neighbour, India would do all it can for security in Nepal.
He presented the service medals for distinguished and meritorious services.
· Agri-business Roadshow
The Prime Minister said people’s participation is an important element of governance.
Total project cost for the up-gradation of three Medical Colleges with Super speciality blocs is Rs.450 crores Each of the three project costs Rs.150 Crore out of which the Central share is Rs.125 crore and State share is Rs.25 crore..
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has strongly condemned the reported incidents of vandalism in certain parts of country and said stern action will be taken against those found guilty.
Thank you very much to all of you.
In the flux and transition of our times, the most critical need in this region is to uphold and strengthen the rules and norms that must define our collective behaviour.
Background:-
It defines a culture, forges relationships, joins communities and acts as a strong unifying force.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for continuance of the 8 existing schemes of the Ministry of Home Affairs up to March 2020 for relief and rehabilitation of migrants and repatriates under the Umbrella scheme “Relief and Rehabilitation of Migrants and Repatriates”.
Government benefits worth more than 50 billion Dollars are now transferred directly to the beneficiaries, thus eliminating leakages.
It can easily grow into a people’s movement for planting trees.
Indian youngsters have distinguished themselves due to their futuristic and out-of-the-box thinking.
It is the place, where processes drive progress, instead of people influencing processes.
The MoU provides for constitution of a Joint Working Group comprising of representatives from both countries, the task of which would be to develop detailed cooperation programmes and monitorimplementation of the MoU.
There must’ve been hardly any part of India, which did not produce someone who contributed in the long freedom struggle,that spanned centuries.
Two days later, we shall celebrate the birth anniversary of Shastriji along with respected Bapu’s birth anniversary.
The year 2017 has been special for both ASEAN and India.
Government will provide one-time grant of Rs. 417.10 crore towards severance package and for clearing the current liabilities of the company.
• An Ayush Department with 30 beds for providing treatment facilities in the traditional system of medicine.
My tributes to the great scholar and teacher Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan”, the Prime Minister said.
We agreed that there is an urgent need for all countries to decisively act against those states who generate, support, shelter and sustain these factories of violence in our regions.
The approval has been accorded subject to following conditions:-
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will meet and interact with a delegation of about 150 sugarcane farmers at Lok Kalyan Marg on June 29, 2018.
Inaugurates Garuda Terminal at Tirupati Airport.
India appreciated the additional grant aid already provided by Japan.
• And this only can be our real tribute to our great leaders.
The major impact of the MoU would be up-gradation of technical capacities of both the institutions in responding to the challenges emanating from transformations in the world of work.
HSCL will be able to fulfill its commitments of execution of projects and the orders.
Waste to wealth should also be one of its components.
(iii). Energy efficiency policies and practice, including industrial energy efficiency and vehicular fuel efficiency;
I am indebted to you for having allowed me to share my thoughts with you.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will join Israel Prime Minister, Shri Benjamin Netanyahu, and Mrs. Sara Netanyahu, on a visit to Gujarat tomorrow.
And, as Hindi cinema’s most famous Pathan character, Sher Khan in Zanjeer sang,
In lieu of the transfer of the land assets of HVOC, complete liabilities of HVOC towards loans taken from the Government including interest would be written off.
Explaining the benefits of the digital filing application, the Chief Justice of India described this initiative as the biggest leap towards introducing technology in the judicial system.
45. The leaders reaffirmed their support for the strategic partnership between the European Union and India, based on shared principles and values, as well as a commitment to a rules-based international order.
They are aimed at transforming the country and making a New India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed a gathering at Bhopal, and inaugurated the Shaurya Smarak.
The MoU provides that –
On the NarendraModiApp, on Twitter, on Facebook, by post – I thank all of you for that.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone for construction of Transit accomodation for Kashmiri migrant employees in Kashmir valley.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today gave its approval to move official amendments in the Compensatory Afforestation Fund Bill, 2015.
When this government assumed charge, cost of a LED bulb was Rs. 350-/.
He did this through Kerala Grandhasala Sangham set up by him in 1945 with 47 rural libraries.
And this common man, who occupies my mind all the time, always gets projected in Mann Ki Baat.
The success of democracy in Indiahas attracted the attention of almost every political system around the world.
The Prime Minister asserted that through this new mobile manufacturing facility, the combination of Korean technology, and Indian manufacturing and software support would provide excellent products for the world.
Subhash Babu had a distinct style of opening a broadcast.
I saw the richness of the poor.
If these remains are once again buried inside the soil, then it will turn into fertilizers.
And, if the future belongs to the youth, then this century is ours to shape and build.
Our Dalit and Tribal youth now wants to become an entrepreneur.
It will be on terms that will be comfortable for you, that will liberate your potential and not constrain your future.
If we can sustain this improvement in integrity and transparency what can be a more transformative reform?
He devoted his entire life serving the nation and worked among the masses and dedicated and sacrificed his life for the upliftment of the Poor & Working Class at the same time.
A series of Yoga related events are being organized across the world to mark the occasion.
We believe in sabkasaath, sabkavikas.
This amount may also be utilized by KEXIM as the financier without the participation of EXIM Bank subject to satisfaction of the purpose.
Many people have written about the address in Chicago.
2. The Ring Line will be from Bengali Square – Vijay Nagar -Bhawarsala – Airport – Palasia – Bengali Square.
But I would like to request you all to get proper sleep.
Close on heals of the decision on spectrum sharing, the Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today approved a proposal of the Department of Telecommunications on guidelines for spectrum trading arising from the recommendations of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI).
The Prime Minister said that Shri Venkaiah Naidu is the first Vice President born in Independent India.
42. When we speak of freedom fighters, a few are mentioned far more than others.
The Prime Minister complimented the Madhya Pradesh Government for the State’s performance in the Swachh Bharat Mission, where out of the 100 top ranked cities, 22 are from Madhya Pradesh.
We are also investing heavily in our social, industrial and agri-infrastructure to give better income and quality of life to our people.
I am sure that as the Games proceed, this feeling of friendship trust and understanding will convert itself not only into sporting opportunities but also into business and tourism opportunities as well.
The Prime Minister said that medical colleges and hospitals are coming up across Gujarat.
It led to a significant reduction in loss of lives from cyclones.
Human spaceflight programme will provide a unique micro-gravity platform in space for conducting experiments and test bed for future technologies.
What should be the logo for ‘Gandhi 150’?
The project is likely to be completed by December 2018.
And yet the responsibilities towards the country are not getting fulfilled; it is a matter of grave concern.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed all the leaders and delegates, arriving India for the FIPIC Summit.
Health The two Prime Ministers were also happy to announce the setting up of joint India-UK Vaccine Development collaboration between the Department of Biotechnology and Research Councils, UK.
– Maximum value for every rupee spent.
To facilitate transport solutions for Divyang, the bottlenecks have been removed in respect of grant of driving licenses as well as alterations in the vehicles to make it fit for use of Divyang.
More than Rupees 3.6 lakh crore, or 50 billion dollars of benefits from government have reached the people directly.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that the scale of development works being launched in Vadodara today is unprecedented.
We are leveraging strategic international partnerships and collaborations based on the principles of mutuality, parity and reciprocity, to make Indian Science globally competitive.
This is indeed, a possession that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogi, and even a common person.
He said it has been his good fortune to have got the opportunity to work with, and learn from President Pranab Mukherjee.
I am hopeful that after proper recognition, the benefits of development will reach out to these communities at a faster pace.
Government of India has recently notified National Policy on Biofuels-2018 which focusses on giving impetus to R&D in field of advanced biofuels such as 2G Ethanol, Bio-CNG, biomethanol, Drop-in fuels, DME etc.
The construction activity involved for creation of the physical infrastructure for the various new AIIMS is also expected to generate substantial employment in the construction phase as well.
He said that the Union Government is also working towards an industrial policy which will be more reflective of current realities, and will be in accordance with the new vision of the entrepreneurs of New India.
We have not to sit idle after celebrating 75 years of India’s independence on 15th August, 2022.
This amount is spent through the Sainik Kalyan Board on the dependents of those who lost their lives and also for those who got injured during wars, for their rehabilitation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and Bahrain Institute of Banking and Finance (BIBF), Bahrain to work together to strengthen the accounting, financial and audit knowledge base within Bahrain.
And, its only aim is to support Sri Lanka in realizing a peaceful, prosperous and secure future for its people.
Our 125 crore countrymen stand shoulder to shoulder with them in this hour of crisis and grief.
He said that International Yoga Day on June 21st can be utilized as an opportunity to generate greater awareness about Yoga among the youth.
5th September happens to be the birthday of India’s former President Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan ji and the country celebrates this as Teachers Day.
“My thoughts are with the families of those who lost their lives in the building collapse in Kanpur.
The Indian Side invited Russian companies to participate in the development of industrial corridors in India, including in areas of road and rail infrastructure, smart cities, construction of wagons and creation of a joint transportation logistics company.
Today, India is the fastest growing large economy of the world.
This Budget is a reflection of the development measures undertaken by the Government over the past two and a half years and the vision to carry forward the momentum in this direction.
We have become the fastest growing major economy in the world.
The Prime Minister said that the effort is to undertake development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
And I am looking forward to having a conversation with you and our entire community about how you see the future of India and the world.
Whenever you came here, whatever be the circumstance in which you came, time or distance has not reduced your love for India.
Referring to the Jal Ambulance and Jal Shav Vahini launched today, the Prime Minister said that these represent the drive for development even through water-ways.
It would facilitate demerger of surplus land from Tata Communications Limited to Hemisphere Properties India Limited (HPIL) and further smooth functioning of HPIL.
All these events provided the momentum for the freedom and it was a situation of ‘now or never’.
Good governance, SURAAJ, should be our priority; can we not recite this mantra and give a message for it in the public Ganesh festival celebrations?
We live in an era where diamonds are used in spectacles, watches and pens.
On this occasion, I once again congratulate President Macri and his team for the efficient and successful hosting of the G-20 Summit in 2018.
The Prime Minister said that while making laws and policies it is essential to have a broad range of inputs.
We are ensuring the houses have water connection, power connection, Ujjwala connection and other such facilities.
Now these millions are part of our banking system, and words like ‘interest rate’ have a meaning for them.
She has formed a Samiti (committee) of women who manufacture lanterns that run on Solar Energy.
The Prime Minister, said that with the new Civil Terminal in Hindon Airport, people of Ghaziabad can take air travel to other cities from Ghaziabad itself, instead of going to Delhi.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the Nation on the occasion of Eid-e-Milad-un-Nabi.
Academic Session has commenced in the following15 Institutes:-
• The Leaders also stressed that bilateral cooperation on standards is important to facilitate trade between the two countries.
And, the Nobel Laureate Wangari Maathai captured it beautifully.
The Government of India is committed to improving the level and quality of physical and social infrastructure in the country of its goal of achieving national economic prosperity.
Today our warehouses are filled with food grains.
Peoples’ power is, in a way, considered to be a divine incarnation.
Two days ago at a meeting with Chief Secretaries of the States, I was reviewing implementation of various pension schemes.
We also propose to commit a Line of Credit of 1.0 billion U.S. dollars to promote projects that support physical and digital connectivity between India and ASEAN.
Both Sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
Such issues have been raised by Babasaheb in his lifetime.
My vision for our neighbourhood puts a premium on peaceful and harmonious ties with entire South Asia.
He presented two Indian rice seed varieties to the IRRI gene bank.
Be it Navratri or Durga Puja – how can this SHAKTI-UPASANA become the festival of celebrating social unity?
Farmers and cattle herders will be helped in augmenting their income.
We have incubators, accelerators and investors willing to back an idea and assume risks.
The celebrations are also being held in states and abroad.
He said that Shri Bahuguna was inspired by many different leaders including Mahatma Gandhi, Acharya Vinoba Bhave, Acharya Narendra Dev, Ram Manohar Lohia, and Chandrashekhar Azad.
Joint Measurement Survey has been completed for 328 km out of 487km.
The Utkarsh Bank specializes in micro-finance.
And let me tell you, the best out of the best interns who have strived in schools & colleges with excellent work will be rewarded with recognition at the national level.
Several projects are expected to benefit the tribal population of Jharkhand.
“May there be peace, unity and harmony in the country.
He will also distribute the Swachh Survekshan-2018 Awards, and launch the Swachh Survekshan-2018 results dashboard.
He added that she has become the symbol of hope for more than 10 crore families who are going to benefit by launch of Ayushman Bharat from Ranchi on 23rd of this month.
Equally, we must look for changes in our lifestyles that would make us less dependent on energy and more sustainable in our consumption.
At present the nearest airport to Itanagar is at Lilabari in Assam at a distance of 80 km.
Now our North-east is also known for all best deeds.
We considered ideas and initiatives for further expanding it.
The Prime Minister praised the ITBP jawans for their bravery and their service to the nation.
There is so much to look back and remember the college festivals, inter hostel sports, student-faculty associations.
The Prime Minister complimented CREDAI for their contribution in fulfilling the dreams of ordinary citizens of owning a house.
We have also created a world record for launching 104 satellites simultaneously from the same spacecraft.
We are delighted to receive him on this special occasion.
We, the Prime Minister of the People’s Republic of Bangladesh, the Chief Advisor of the Kingdom of Bhutan, the Prime Minister of the Republic of India, the President of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar, the Prime Minister of Nepal, the President of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Thailand, met in Kathmandu on 30-31 August 2018 for the Fourth BIMSTEC Summit; and
More often we find people speaking in Parliament of how technology will reach villages as they doesn’t have ways to keep it.
Through this MoU, the Central Public Works Department will stand to gain in terms of experience in hills road construction which is of paramount importance in J&K, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand and various States of North-East Region.
The MSG approved proposals for providing an incentive to acceptors of the PPIUCD to cover incidental cost and travel cost for follow up visits and provision of incentives for PAIUCD insertion tor acceptor, service provider and ASHA at the same rates as applicable to PPIUCD.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness and shock over the fire tragedy which happened at a temple in Kollam district of Kerala today morning.
In a series of Tweets and the statement after the presentation of interim budget 2019-20, PM said that over 12 crore farmers and their families, over 3 crores middle class tax payers professionals and their families and 30-40 crore labourers will gain thanks to the Budget for New India.
• We have ended retrospective taxation.
In addition, we will offer two scholarships for college education in India to each of the 13 countries that do not receive them yet, while continuing with the 33 scholarships presently offered to Fiji.
Why is it that those who ruled the nation for so many years have so many defence scams in their era?
It is still August, but I am sure the mood is indigo today!
For example, in order to illustrate the significance of the Guru in one’s life, it has been said
It is possible that you can teach them.
His thinking was much ahead of his era.
It often comes as a refreshing change to those used to conventional treatment therapies.
Along with economic progress and development, we also want to focus on dignity of human life which is supreme.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the ““General Elections to the Lok Sabha 2019) -for issuance of statutory notifications under under sub-section(2) of Section 14 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951”.
And, our discussions today have enabled us to evolve a road map and an action agenda for our cooperation.
v.Professional Advisory Bodies under Central and State Councils will examine issues independently and provide recommendations relating to specific recognised categories.
We are working with Israel to make it easier for our people to work and visit each other’s countries, including for longer work durations To bring people closer on both sides, an Indian Cultural Center will soon open in Israel.
Today, Singapore’s economy depends a lot on transshipment.
It is understood that some of the member banks (like CDB and VEB; CDB and BNDES) have entered into bilateral agreements for local currency financing under the Master Agreement signed in 2012.
Over there I met those students of the Pune College of Engineering, who on their own have made a satellite, which was launched on 22nd June.
She apprised the Prime Minister of Oracle’s plans for a state-of-the-art campus centered in Bengaluru, and an initiative to help more than half a million students in India develop computer science skills through Oracle Academy.
The Department of DAC&FW will provide physical space for laboratories, offices, training classes, etc. with associated infrastructure and land at NSRTC, Varanasi.
We reviewed our cooperation as a factor for stability and peace in our regions and the world.
Hence, the partnership will promote Make in India, and contribute to employment generation.
People of Warli Community in Maharashtra consider tigers as their guests and for them the presence of tigers is a good omen indicating prosperity.
The existing DTAA between India and Kyrgyz Republic was notified on 7/02/2001 and the same was in force since 10/01/2001.
He congratulated the people of Jammu Kashmir for making the state Open Defecation Free by September 2018 itself.
May Baba Saheb give us the strength to fulfil these resolutions by the year 2022.
In order to provide free health services to the poorest people, Government of India has launched Pradhan Mantri Jan ArogyaYojanaAbhiyan.
In the wake of globalisation, we have to focus now on developing dynamic systems so that our institutions are able to produce dynamic human resources.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved setting up of a new All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in Deoghar, Jharkhand.
The MoU will provide a platform to Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
It’s our heritage; our people; and, a great partnership for our times.
In the words of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti, of all the worships, the worship that pleases the Almighty God the most is the grant of relief to the humble and the oppressed.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) the between India and Angola for promoting bilateral cooperation in the field of Electronics and Information Technology.
To address the difficulties faced by the payee or the lender of the money in filing the cases under Section 138 of the NI Act, because of which, large number of cases were stuck, the jurisdiction for offence under Section 138 has been proposed to be clearly defined.
“I will be visiting Singapore on 14-15 November, to participate in the ASEAN-India and East Asia Summits.
In this context, he mentioned the longest tunnel, the longest gas pipeline, the largest mobile manufacturing unit, and electricity to every household among many others.
It was not announced after collecting relevant information from districts and villages.
This has strengthened our resolve of Sab Ka Saath Sabka Vikas”
4. sustainable development and management of ground water resources including recharge augmentation; and
There is a need to locate bulk users of treated water like industries.
He also referred to the recent increase in MSP of Kharif crops, which will benefit farmers.
Economists talk about GDP growth, inflation, investment, and the fiscal deficit as key economic parameters.
It also reflects the success, glory and enterprise of Indian diaspora the world over.
JIMs have already been established to train future shop floor leaders in Japanese style manufacturing processes and key working methods such as Kaizen and 5S, etc.
He said rural sanitation coverage has increased from less than 40 percent to about 85 percent in four years.
The whole world acclaimed this as a very successful tournament.
It is mentioned in Anushasan Parv in Mahabharata that a tree is like an offspring and becomes means of salvation in after life, Sonal has not only taken it upon herself to fulfill her parents’ wishes but society’s expectations also.
My countrymen stay in my heart every moment and that is how the writer’s situation and ideas expressed in the letter become part of my thought process.
8. The Sides noted that the successful conclusion of the 70th anniversary celebrations of the establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Russia witnessed enthusiastic response among people of both countries and further consolidated people-to-people ties.
They are those people who have one or more such organs which have divinity, where divine power flows which we normal bodied people do not have.
But, it is just as important to focus on the instruments that will make it natural and easy for the world to get there.
Our efforts have gathered momentum.
Thank You very much.
It has been a unifying force among nations.
I repeatedly mention ‘Shrameva Jayate’, and Dignity of Labour.
I am happy to note that the other five North Eastern cities of Guwahati, Aizawl Kohima, Imphal and Shillong are also moving in this direction.
I look forward to seeing you in person soon.
The Prime Minister said that New India will require an energy framework that works on the principle of equity, efficiency and sustainability.
I thank Madame President for an extremely meaningful discussion and I’m keen to jointly work with you in the coming months.
Subsequently, we also launched a campaign for the “well off” to voluntarily give up cooking gas subsidy.
Apart from being Deputy Prime Minister, he is also the Coordinating Minister for Economic and Social Policies, Minister of Finance and Chairman of Monetary Authority of Singapore.
The Prime Minister said that this honour truly belongs to the people of India.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid homage to 10th Sikh Guru Guru Gobind Singh ji on his 350th Prakash Parv.
Friends, in the Tirupati Session up Indian Science Congress I had spoken about the Global rise or fiber physical systems.
Yet, our institutions, approaches, and often mindsets, reflect the wisdom of the century we have left behind, not the century we live in.
He observed that all Governors can become catalytic agents for change in society, while upholding the sanctity of the Constitution.
The institute is presently a 209 bedded hospital with 8 bedded ICU.
In Nagaland as well, tigers are seen as the forest guardians.
More than 90 percent approvals have been put on automatic route.
Background
• The rate of decline in U5MR during NHM period has nearly doubled.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Khanij Kshetra Kalyan Yojana.
We will double our investments in research and innovation; and, deepen collaboration among ourselves.
He said PSUs have contributed significantly in nation-building, and in the nation’s economy, since independence.
With Bangladesh, we have achieved greater convergence and political understanding, through connectivity and infrastructure projects, and significantly, the settlement of the land and maritime boundaries.
From July to September 2018, the first group of 15 Indian interns trained by CII (an accredited Sending Organisation) has been accepted to train on the job in a Japanese company under the TITP framework.
The past mindset of excessive control has to be replaced by the concept of minimum government, maximum governance.
Even the global economic experts who used to live in a world of their calculations would find this phenomenon to be beyond their limits of traditional wisdom.
India’s goal to modernize infrastructure, especially railways and ports, and building of 100 plus smart cities also presents a unique investment opportunity for the Belgian companies.
I believe that a combination of Belgian capacities and India’s economic growth can produce promising opportunities for businesses on both sides.
And we have seen that usually there is not much of a difference in the quantity of production.
• and our youth self-reliant;
His works struck a chord with people across generations.
Cooperation in human resource development and exchanges, including through utilising frameworks such as Japan’s “Innovative Asia” initiative, and the Technical Intern Training Program (TITP) will be further promoted, aligning with emerging demands of industry.
They committed to fully implement the Paris Agreement at the COP24 and further on, under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) as a part of an irreversible global process at combating climate change for the benefit of all humanity.
In the Telecom sector, the role of the Department of Telecommunications has transformed from primarily being a Service provider, Regulator and Policy maker into the present structure whereby the Department is primarily responsible for Policy making, Licensing and Universal Service Obligation.
They hailed the strength of the economic partnership between India and the UK: India already invests more in the UK than in the rest of the EU combined, and the UK is the largest G20 investor in India.
• The proposals received from Banks for in-principle approval to formulate schemes of amalgamation shall be placed before the Alternative Mechanism (AM).
During the interaction, Prime minister urged the sports persons to use technology as an aid to improve their performance.
MoU on cooperation In the field of Energy between India and Italy
He said Adi Shankaracharya removed evils from the society, and prevented them from reaching future generations.
I feel very bad.
They sent 104 satellites into space, through a single rocket launch.
Ladies & Gentlemen,
Long wait by vehicles at toll plazas will end.
2. Net increase of 11 posts of DIG /Commandant (JAG level)
“I thank Mr. Mark Zuckerberg for the invite to visit the Facebook HQ.
Out of this, over 55% is exported to over 200 countries/economies of the world including the developed countries.
(iii) The headquarter of the Mission will be New Delhi.
Assistance so provided through subsidy shall be shared between the Government of India and the State Government/UT Administration concerned on 50:50 basis.
With festivals comes a spirit of togetherness.
Credit off-take between February 2015 and February 2016 increased by 11.5 per cent.
MoU on Cultural Exchange Programme.
We Indians also feel proud that from Vedic times to the modern day, Sanskrit language has played a stellar role in the universal spread of knowledge.
This country can never forget their sacrifice.
The visit will begin from Palestine, on 10 February after transiting through Jordan.
He also requested introduction of a system so that the process of finalization of retirement benefits for all employees can begin a year in advance.
The institute will also conduct research on prevalent regional diseases and other health issues and provide for better control and cure of such diseases.
It includes ex-INA or ex-military personnel who died fighting the British.
These include: (a) 500 MW additional power supply from India to Bangladesh, through the existing Bheramara (Bangladesh) – Baharampur (India) interconnection. (b) Akhaura – Agartala Rail Link (c) Rehabilitation of the Kulaura-Shahbazpur section of Bangladesh Railways.
The Sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by Advance Pharma Company in Russia.
Bhartahari has said that with regular yogic exercise, truth becomes our child, mercy becomes our sister, self restraint our brother, earth turns in to our bed and knowledge satiates our hunger.
He said that while the Government can only play the role of an enabler, it is the youth, who are not only making use of available opportunities, but also creating new ones themselves.
They affirmed that a strengthened India-US partnership is not just of mutual benefit to both countries, but has significant positive impact on the prospects for regional and global stability and prosperity.
At present there are about 1054 registered Jammu migrant families.
The other kind are those students who keep worrying about which type of questions will be asked during exams, whether they will be able to attempt answering them, will the question paper be easy or difficult.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval of the MoUs signed in 2008 and 2011 and the renewal of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and College of Banking and Financial Studies (CBFS), Oman.
Our cultural legacy which encourages compassion and co-existence has played an important role in the success of Project Tiger.
Both sides agreed to enhance bilateral cooperation on issues of common concern, including piracy, terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
The main objectives of the NIMHR are to provide rehabilitation services to the persons with mental illness, capacity development in the area of mental health rehabilitation, policy framing and advanced research in mental health rehabilitation.
Over Rs. 1200 crore will be given by the Union Government for the infrastructure sector alone.
How to mobilize public participation?
The total fund requirement is Rs. 6131.00 Crores and includes the cost of thirty PSLV vehicles, essential facility augmentation, Programme Management and Launch Campaign.
He described this as another effort towards “ease of living.”
I would urge all of you to identify the grand challenges that Artificial Intelligence can solve for India.
About one fourth of our investments in Africa are in this country.
A series of administrative reforms have significantly improved the business sentiment in the country.
Rs.1, Rs.2, Rs.5, Rs.10 and Rs.20 are the various denominations of coins released as part of the new series.
During the visit, he will dedicate the 6th International Rice Research Institute South Asia Regional Centre (ISARC) campus to the nation in Varanasi and attend the One District, One Product Regional Summit at Deendayal Hastakala Sankul in Varanasi.
And that’s why Ankit asks me… What is your government doing to ensure that Abdul Kalamji’s dreams come true?
This has traditionally been dominated by a few international players.
Currently, India is ranked 130th out of 190 economies (as per Doing Business Report, 2017).
• During this period more than 5,000 foreign terrorists were killed which is almost equal to the strength of 5 Battalions.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the initiative to clean the Ganga.
He spoke of India’s 75th anniversary of independence in 2022, and said India must resolve today, to fulfil the dreams of the freedom fighters by then.
All these decisions, taken together, are expected to ensure greater representation of OBCs in educational institutions and jobs, while also ensuring that the more under-privileged within the category are not denied their chance of social mobility.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed a large and enthusiastic public meeting on the occasion of the commencement of work for the Rajasthan Refinery at Pachpadra, in Barmer, Rajasthan.
The Union Cabinet has already approved the Smart Cities Mission in its meeting held on 29th April 2015 and subsequently, the Prime Minister launched this Mission on 25th June 2015, when the Mission Statement and Guidelines were also released.
America remains at the forefront of scientific and technological innovation from Ø air traffic control to air quality improvement, Ø from drugs to drones, from hybrid cars to hydro fracking.
These programmes focus on building an innovation driven enterprise ecosystem.
The Ministry is launching the portal tomorrow.
The MoU will help to improve the overall public transport system in the country, improve passenger services and promote the use of high capacity buses in India.
Consumers are also being made aware through the “Jago Grahak Jago” campaign.
“Extremely pained at the loss of lives due to the cylinder blast in Jhabua.
Among other projects reviewed were the Mumbai Metro Project Line 3 (Colaba-Bandra-SEEPZ), and crucial coal and iron-ore mining projects in the eastern States.
I always say – Jo Khele, woh Khile.
Transferred from DONER to NEC for implementation, the scheme is 100% Centrally funded.
It will cover all States and Districts in the country.
Today, Sri Lanka takes pride in being among the most important centres of Buddhist teachings and learning.
About 175 child marriages have been prevented so far.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the proposal for taking up Hybrid Annuity based Public Private Partnership (PPP) model under Namami Gange Programme which aims to reform the wastewater sector in India.
The progress of humanity is incomplete without the empowerment of women.
In an ambitious bid to transform rural areas to economically, socially and physically sustainable spaces, the Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today approved the Shyama Prasad Mukherji Rurban Mission (SPMRM) with an outlay of Rs. 5142.08 crores.
The Ministry of External Affairs has been asked to work with the States.
I am happy that India is contributing to these objectives.
We could look at this as preparations for Diwali, preparations for Navaratri, preparations for Durga Puja.
We need to reflect on the changing nature of jobs, in the emerging age of intelligent automation .I compliment NASSCOM for developing the “Skills of the Future” platform.
I am happy that we received more than 55,000 calls from across the country – be it Siachen, Kutch or Kamrup, be it Kashmir or Kanyakumari.
The coins, which are of “ten-rupee” and “one hundred and twenty-five rupee” denomination, were issued on the Mahaparinirvan Divas of Babasaheb Ambedkar.
All the operational flights would be completed during the period 2019-2024.
We hear about poor auto-rickshaw drivers returning gold ornaments left in the vehicles to their rightful owners.
The Nalanda University is shaping up as a world class centre of knowledge and learning.
Every year, we spend over 100 billion dollars on securing the world from terrorism, money that should have been spent on building lives of the poor.
The common man had no incentive or ability to economically prosper.
He said India stands shoulder-to-shoulder with the LMDCs on climate issues.
And, the Atal Block unites us in spirit, because Atal means hero in Pashto and in Hindi it means to be firm.
He gave away the Krishi Karman Awards and the Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Krishi Protsahan Puraskar.
Sanitation Ministers from countries across the world and experts on the subject of sanitation will converge and share their experiments and experiences.
The late former President APJ Abdul Kalam, one of the makers of modern India, came here in 2008.
How do we bring in new technology, how do we increase productivity, how do we introduce looms driven by solar power?
The program also follows a certain criteria in choosing who the beneficiaries should be.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, will visit Himachal Pradesh on December 27, 2018.
History is witness that the Indian banking system has never received such a large amount of money, in such a short time.
Adi Sankara chose Mandana Mishra’s wife, a scholar herself, as the referee!
The determination did not diminish with each passing generation.
With introduction of GST and of Financial Technologies and digital transactions, we have really moved towards a modern tax regime, which is also transparent, stable and predictable.
Friends, several great souls were born in our country from time to time, who not only became the face of social reform but also played a significant role in building the future of the country and shaping the thought process of the country.
A short while ago, Raman Singh Ji was describing that Modi ji has started on Sunday which is a holiday.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the Indian Kabaddi team for winning the Kabaddi World Cup.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated a new metro link between Noida and Delhi.
PMKVY will impart fresh training to 60 lakh youths and certify skills of 40 lakh persons acquired non-formally under the Recognition of Prior Learning (RPL).
In my vision, a partnership between American capital and innovation, and Indian human resources and entrepreneurship can be very powerful.
The growing partnership in the nuclear power sector between India and Russia has opened opportunities for developing advanced nuclear manufacturing capabilities in India in line with Government of India’s “Make in India” initiative.
Prime Minister Modi has been selected in the leadership category for his pioneering work in championing the International Solar Alliance and for his unprecedented pledge to eliminate all single-use plastic in India by 2022.
IFSC would also compliment and promote further development of financial markets in India.
Believe it or not, accounts opened under the Jan Dhan Yojana today have a total balance of almost six billion dollars.
However, with this government we have simplified the procedure to an extent that in last July itself, 900 such registrations have taken place.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the creation of one post each of Vice-Chairperson and Member in the National Commission for Safai Karmacharis.
The amendment Bill provides for inclusion of Indian Institute of Information Technology Design and Manufacturing (IIITDM), Kurnool along with the other IIITs in the Principal Act.
This would enable us to channelize our energies in meeting those requirements and give a boost to our exports.
I thank Excellency Ghani for accepting my invitation and for gracing this conference.
125 crore people of this country are going to take my exam.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than other major economies.
The Prime Minister has emphasized the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
“Extremely saddened by the train accident in Amritsar.
As a consequence of the Pulwama terror attack and the sacrifice of the brave jawans, people across the country are agonized and enraged.
The Prime Minister said that there is a new energy in India today.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Shirdi, in Maharashtra, today.
The duplication of efforts is avoided and national Research and Development capabilities are strengthened.
He said perhaps Start-ups could take a lead in this direction.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Environment Day.
So, there is new intensity and purpose in our foreign policy.
He also dedicated some medicinal and aromatic plant varieties to the nation, interacted with farmers from five different locations across the country: Hyderabad, Cuddalore, Jammu, Jorhat and Palampur.
We also want to move ahead with the speed of science.
We in India strongly desire to see a democratic, prosperous and peaceful Republic of Maldives.
My Government is honoured to host this Summit.
Under this Agreement, a Joint Working Group (JWG) will be set up to strategize and implement programmes on cooperation under the framework of the Agreement.
Do something out of the box, my Friends.
These small traders were provided loans worth lakhs and crores of rupees under Mudra Yojana because there are crores of such small traders and they impart momentum to the business activities worth billions of rupees.
–Energy access –Energy efficiency –Energy sustainability –Energy security
Believe it or not, till date, the saving achieved in kerosene consumption through this initiative is 73%!
The coaches reflect the “Make in India” vision.
Lal Bahadur Shastri had given the slogan “Jai Jawan Jai Kisan.”
I welcome the promotion of transparency and integrity in the private sector.
He said India is scaling new heights in economic development, and added that the vision of “Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas” also includes the people of Nepal.
This year, students from across the country, and also Indian students residing abroad, participated in the event.
3. Visits of relevant specialists of both sides for participation in joint events;
The scheme is expected to encourage foreign investment in India and facilitate Make in India Programme.
Financial inclusion is not just about opening bank accounts or enabling electronic payments.
In some states, a reduction of 12% in subsidies has been achieved without any harm to the poor.
Therefore, to leverage the energy of our youth, we are positioning India as a Start-up Nation and a global manufacturing hub.
Since a long time people have been asking me questions on one topic.
Therefore our aim is to get water for all.
Under Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojna, now the villages will be connected to rural haats (markets), higher education centers and hospitals.
Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of Guru Ravidas Birth Place Development Project at Shri Guru Ravidas Janmasthan Temple, Seergoverdhanpur.
An MoU between India and Tajikistan to promote cooperation on Youth matters between the two countries was signed on 8/10/2018 at Dushanbe.
(ii) Competition Commission of India (CCI) and Federal Anti-monopoly Service of the Russian Federation;
Q. Will you agree to visit Jerusalem and the Western Wall like President Donald Trump?
In the run-up to International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister has also taken to social media to share the intricacies of various Yoga Asanas.
While terming the improvement in the rankings as historic, the Prime Minister in a series of tweets, said that the jump is the outcome of the all-round and multi-sectoral reform push of Team India.
He recalled the sacrifices made by Indian soldiers protecting foreign lands in the two world wars, and added that the world must recognize this sacrifice.
Friends, Irrespective of their background and profession, the welfare and safety of all Indians abroad is our top priority.
My dear countrymen, many thanks to you all.
Since then we have come a long way in terms of education.
The budget head for ASRB may also be delinked from ICAR and be created under DARE, and the ASRB may have its own cadre of administrative staff in the secretariat and have independent administrative control.
Under the Policy, concession will be granted to Port Dependent Industries (PDI) for setting up dedicated facilities in Major Ports for import and/or export of cargo and their storage before transportation to their destination, for a period not exceeding 30 years.
It is spread over 26 acres of A-1 Defence land.
The legislation will ensure effective regulation of surrogacy, prohibit commercial surrogacy and allow ethical surrogacy to the needy infertile couples.
iii) Insertion of a new clause (ea) to section 20-I of the principal Act
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people, on Durga Ashtami celebrations.
Establishment of a security dialogue in order to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
13921 civilians have lost their lives till 2015.
Thanks a lot.
The train will provide direct connectivity between Mumbai and Bhusawal.
v. The National Independent Electoral Commission of Guinea;
There will be extensive talks with President Dr. John Magufuli where we will chalk out the road ahead for bettering India-Tanzania relations in a wide range of areas.
Share pictures or a video of your cleanliness initiatives on the App.
He said the new airport terminal had been completed in a record time of one year.
He cited the example of the problems being faced by the honest citizens while buying houses.
He said that public procurement is now being done through the Government e Market, or GeM platform.
Once again my heartfelt congratulation to the Finance Minister and his team for presenting a budget which enhances ease of living and lay a strong foundation for the New India.”
It implies that one should speak he truth and follow rules and regulation.
So I have an unwavering trust in the youth whenever I talk about freeing the ‘New India’ from the bondage of caste system.
The school has a total capacity of 420 students with the state of the art facilities.
These connections would be provided free of cost to the poor, the Prime Minister said.
This became headline in newspapers.
Offences by Juveniles
b. Provide academic interaction by imparting training to AtoN personnel; and
The delegation expressed its interest to invest in various sectors in India.
PM will be travelling to Kerala soon and has directed that no protocol formalities be observed on his arrival in Kerala and focus remains on relief and rescue operations.
I now speak of M-Governance or mobile governance.
He said all the schemes of the Union Government are oriented towards bringing about a qualitative change in the lives of the people.
While remembering our brave UN Peacekeepers today, who can forget the sacrifice of Captain Gurbachan Singh Salaria who laid down his life while fighting in Congo in Africa?
On 5th March, PM will visit the Annapurna Dham Trust in Adalaj, Gandhinagar.
Let us build a template, for the world to adopt.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of India, on the historic occasion of 1st Constitution Day.
As with Uganda, we have deepened our partnership and engagement across the vast expanse of Africa.
I asked the engineering colleges of the country that these are 500 issues, you should form a team, you sit on your computers day in and day out, 42,00 students participated in this exercise and they worked for fifty hours, through the day and night, and came out with new solutions for these 500 problems and I’d like to say this thing with a sense of pride that the departments have broadly adopted their proposals and began to implement them.
They reaffirmed their commitment to work together with all members of the WTO, which would reaffirm the centrality of the rules-based multilateral trading system and its importance for open and inclusive global trade.
The policy regarding recruitment/appointment, posting, inter-company transfer and other personnel related issues of all executives of CIL and its eight subsidiary companies are centrally administered by CIL, the holding company.
(3) “Project for Livelihood Improvement in Dairy Sector through Cooperatives” JICA started preparatory survey in July 2018.
To tap the energy fully, we have launched the Start up India Campaign.
We are promoting micro-irrigation to ensure optimal use of water with increased productivity.
And it is true that in our country about 50,000 mothers and almost 13 lakh children die during delivery or immediately after it every year.
The United Kingdom is the third largest investor in India behind Singapore and Mauritius.
Mumbai or Surat, your clarion call has led people to adopt cleanliness as a mission.
And, then they published some selected letters.
Can the combination of teachers and Artificial Intelligence help us bridge the gap in teacher student ratio?
Operator to bear the O&M risk while the owner bears the revenue risk.
I, therefore, invite the Swiss companies to avail of this great opportunity to be a key partner in India’s economic growth.
We exercise together in air and on land and sea Jal thal aur nabh.
It is right that a Malay Indian holds this post, since Malay Indians love to become doctors!
The Prime Minister said, “Anguished by the passing away of Shri Madan Lal Khurana Ji.
The Finance Minister in the Budget Speech 2016-17 had announced that a comprehensive Central legislation would be brought in to deal with the menace of illicit deposit taking schemes, as in the recent past, there have been rising instances of people in various parts of the country being defrauded by illicit deposit taking schemes.
Harmony with nature is the strength of our culture, our traditions.
There have been continuous discussions with Former Ministers and the best brains of the country have helped realise GST.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Indian Community in Uganda.
If they are put in a pit and left with earth worms and little water, good quality organic fertilizer can be made.
India is doing its part, by itself and in partnership with others like Japan – in South Asia and Southeast Asia, in the Indian Ocean, Africa, West Asia and beyond.
To illustrate, for determining States’ eligibility for 2016-17, the IP/TRR ratio and Debt/GSDP ratio as disclosed in Finance Account of States for 2014-15 would be relevant.
But, we achieved something else that is equally important.
Giving statistics about income declarations by the people during filing of returns, the Prime Minister urged Chartered Accountants to keep national interest supreme, while advising their clients.
This MoU will facilitate greater cooperation between the two countries, especially for assisting Maldives for development of human resources and facilities for healthcare.
We have agreed to strengthen our security cooperation and work together against terrorism.
In 2017 malaria incidence went down by 30% and deaths due to malaria decreased by 70%;
To prevent, control and manage diseases like cancer we need action from all sections of society including NGOs and private sector.
He thanked His Highness the Emir of Qatar for his leadership and guidance to the rapid strengthening of bilateral relations, especially in the recent years.
More than forty countries have sent their official delegations as well.
Firstly, I am most grateful to such conscientious citizens.
It is proclaimed in Shukracharya Neeti that ‘naastimulam anaushadham’ meaning that there is no plant that does not have medicinal values; the Anushasan Parv of the Mahabharta elaborates this concept at greater length.
Let us talk about corruption and black money.
To make India self-reliant in defence production Government of India had taken the decision to establish two defence corridors in the country, one at Tamil Nadu and the other in Uttar Pradesh.
Implementation Strategy:
It has the best of our past and presents and a ray of hope for our future.
The Government has noticed that in spite of sufficient availability of sugar stocks with the Sugar Mills, the wholesale and retail prices have shown a spurt.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has strongly condemned the terrorist blast in Kabul.
He interacted with faculty members of the Academy, who gave him an overview of the work being done there, to train India’s civil servants.
Initiatives related to doubling the farmer’s income will also be discussed.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to the Ministry of Labour and Employment, which largely include EPFO, ESIC, and Labour Commissioners.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed across a range of sectors.
Both sides stressed that the interests of peace and stability in the region are best served by a strong, united, prosperous, pluralisitic, democratic and independent Afghanistan while supporting the National Unity Government in the country.
The entire area has been landscaped beautifully to reflect the peace and harmony aspect of Dr Kalam’s personality.
India will fight against terrorism with full might and resolve.
Congratulating the awardees for their successful initiatives, he said their success could prove inspirational for other civil servants.
Each and everything about them is inspiring.
Japan can benefit tremendously with the size and scale of our potentials and skilled hands that India offers!
a.Exchange and sharing of knowledge and cooperation in the area of transportation technologies and transport policies, for passenger and freight movement by roads;
On this occasion, I remember the words of Swami Vivekananda.
The combination of traditional Indian food, with modern technology, processing and packaging, can help the world rediscover the health benefits, and refreshing taste of Indian food ingredients such as turmeric, ginger, and tulsi, to name just a few.
Dr. Nagendra,
The Phase 6 approval will cater to the launch of satellite missions during the period Q3 of 2019-20 to Q1 of 2023-24.
The resources raised would be used for developing additional capacity in renewable energy sector which would result in generation of additional employment.
This budget strives for the dignity of the poor, honour of the women, enthusiasm of the youth and broadening the smile of the middle class.
Some of the officers present, expressed their views on diverse subjects such as digitization, voluntary tax compliance, facilitation for taxpayers, increasing the tax base, upgradation of digital and physical infrastructure for tax administrators etc.
There are a number of strengths of the North East which we need to harness for healthy growth of the region.
He quoted poet Subramaniam Bharti to say that India will show the world the path to freedom from all kinds of shackles.
He will inaugurate a state-of-the-art Command and Control Centre for the Kumbh Mela.
Bilateral trade registered a growth of 58.49% from 2006-07 to 2014-15.
This discipline was not originally considered or conceived as system of medicine.
21. Firstly, we will continue to have disciplined and prudent macro-economic policies.
Economic relations form the core of our bilateral relations.
There is always some effort made in this direction, but still the apathy on this issue is a crime against society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of various festivals across India.
vi. The Bill also provides for periodic review of the performance of Institutions by independent agencies, and placing the results of the same on public domain.
He said this is because, when one studies in a particular area, one becomes better acquainted with the local health challenges.
The weather is changing.
He said that there is a need to increase the pace and the scale of the outcomes of the initiatives to remove poverty.
In lieu of this land, as of now, the State Government has agreed to provide 96.56 acres of land, contiguous to Bhopal Airport, to AAI, for aviation purposes.
There has been such bountiful crop this time in the fields of our farmers that every day has appeared to be a celebration of Pongal and Baisakhi.
Now, even a small child in this country can understand as to how the goods can be utilized for the place where they are situated instead of going for their transport from that place to the other.
Prime Minister congratulated Ms. Espinosa on her election to the post of President of the 73rd UN General Assembly.
We are also happy to share with you India’s holistic healthcare traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda.
Due to such collective efforts, there has been a rise of thirty per cent in the number of tigers.
Our trade and investment flows have multiplied several times.
The proposal shall lead to enhancement of number of doctors being trained per year in the country.
The Forum has been convened by the All India Ulama and Mashaikh Board, to discuss the role of Sufism in countering rising global terror.
Funding of projects related to the execution of this MoU will be structured in separate individual arrangements, mutually agreed by both parties.
When the Gift city was conceptualised, I was Chief Minister of Gujarat.
Our partnership is also driven by a convergence of capacities and interests.
Due to this there has been an increase in the ground water level.
These are just a few examples of the direction in which we are going.
We have also entered into a number of bilateral tax treaties.
It is a huge honour and privilege to address the 103rd Science Congress in the centenary year of the University of Mysore.
They appreciated developments such as the launch of the new 2+2 Dialogue mechanism and the first-ever Trilateral Summit of India, the U.S. and Japan.
·So far more than 26 crore LED bulbs have been distributed in the country.
We have leveraged the power of a biometric identity system, bank accounts and mobile phones, to deliver subsidies and services to the previously unbanked.
Malta has brought in a formal legislation on Block-chain technology and sees role of Indian IT companies as system monitors.
In February this year we launched e-visa for South Africa.
In his address, the Prime Minister underlined the importance of Participative Governance to the participants of the Smart India Hackathon-2018.
I have also read about a village KallarMajra which is near Nabha in Punjab.
Yes, I will go to Israel and I will even go to Palestine.
In the last two fiscal years, we received about 55 billion dollars as foreign direct investment.
I wish you all a successful and fruitful Conference.
I call upon you to think about the contribution of market participants to the exchequer.
The country is moving a step forward towards a modern taxation system.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister encouraged the Pradhans to work towards ensuring attendance of children and quality of Mid Day Meals in schools.
a) Exclusion of States/UTs (with Legislature) excepting Arunachal Pradesh, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh and Delhi from NSSF Investments.
India is the world’s fastest growing large economy.
The Union Finance Minister in his Budget speech for the Year 2014-15 had announced for setting up of four new AIIMS in Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
Second workshop was held in Tokyo on 15 October 2018.
The revision of cost norms will motivate fanners for oil palm plantation.
It is painful to learn about trafficking of body parts and derivatives of tigers and other big cats.
The journey of seven decades, and millions and millions of NCC cadets like me moved on the path of life by receiving the values of patriotism.
This in turn, would lead to increased output and employment and thereby promote equity and inclusiveness.
When I heard this comment in a larger circle, I felt satisfied to know that I am yours, I am one amongst you, I am with you, you elevated me and in a way, and in this way I will continue to remain connected with you as a family member through Man Ki Baat.
The Election Commission has been participating in promoting cooperation in the field of election matters and electoral processes across the world with certain foreign countries and agencies by adopting the mode of MoU signed by the concerned parties.
You will be pleased to know that 77 per cent of these entrepreneurs are women and 22 per cent of them are from the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.
We also want to increase cooperation in science and technology, mining among other sectors.
The Pune Metro Rail Corridor will be covering a length of 31.254 km comprising with two corridors i.e. Corridor-1 {Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) to Swargate} covering length of 16.589 km (11.57 km elevated and 5.019 km underground) and Corriodor-2 (Vanaz to Ramwadi) covering 14.665 km (fully elevated).
May Almighty bless him with a long and healthy life devoted to the service of our nation .
Union Ministers, and officials from the NITI Aayog were also present on the occasion.
All freedom fighters and spouses and dependent parents/eligible daughter pensioners of deceased freedom fighters drawing pension under the Swatantrata Sainik Samman Pension Scheme, 1980 would be benefitted by the decision.
The ‘Intensified Mission Indradhanush’ has been launched along with ‘Mission Indradhanush’ in order to achieve this goal.
• The Mission will recommend and drive the strategies for transformative mobility and Phased Manufacturing Programmes for EVs, EV Components and Batteries.
Keeping in view these issues, in the last few months, the Government of India has launched a new campaign ‘Prime Minister Safe Motherhood Campaign’.
• It also has smart features such as an Integrated Traffic Control System; Surveillance, Ventilation and Broadcast Systems; Fire Fighting System; and SOS call-boxes at every 150 metres.
My Sankranti greetings to all Kannadigas.
Can you provide some information about that?
Technology is forcing governments to deal with massive volume of data and generate responses, not in 24 hours but in 24 minutes.
Play with those poor kids, you will experience a new kind of joy, the kind you would have never experienced in your life before-that’s the kind of joy you’ll experience!
The vaccine was introduced on 5th February 2017, initially in five states namely Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Goa, Puducherry & Lakshadweep though MR vaccination campaign for children aged between 9 months and 15 year.
The Foundation works closely with the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) and State Governments to serve quality, hygienic, and nutritious food to millions of children.
They also highlighted the importance of development of smart islands in India.
India cherishes its excellent relations with Africa.
“Extremely saddened by the loss of lives due to the collapse of an under-construction flyover in Varanasi.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi spoke over telephone with His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al-Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces today.
• Memorandum of Understanding for Establishing Mutual Cooperation to Improve the Ecosystem for Agribusiness;
A Bill for replacement of Ordinance has been introduced in the Lok Sabha on 07.12.2015.
Dr. Merkel and Friends!
Now, let me talk of doles.
2. deterrent punishment for promoting or operating an unregulated deposit taking scheme;
Yogiji gave bountiful flexibility to his order, established an institution and then departed.
iii) This agreement allows designated airlines of either countries to establish offices in the territory of other country for the promotion and sale of air services;
Our “Mentor India” initiative engages leaders to guide and mentor students through these tinkering labs.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled his meeting with Mr. Han Zheng in Shanghai, during his visit to China last year.
If the new member does three transactions, performs financial business thrice, you stand to earn ten rupees for that.
Let there be many obstacles.
We also need a strong Agreement on Adaptation and Loss and Damage.
Memorials are reminders of sacrifices, of those whose contributions now enable us to live a better life.
We are reviving our manufacturing, improving our services sector, investing on an unprecedented scale in infrastructure; and, making our cities smart, sustainable and engines of progress.
Hailing the role of CISF in securing the critical infrastructure of the country, Prime Minister said that the force is also involved in disaster response, ensuring safety of women and many other activities.
We are not merely changing India, we are building a new India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today said there can be no bigger inspiration than Mahatma Gandhi, for pursuing the vision of Swachh Bharat.
However, legal reforms can deliver desired results only when there is an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism.
Your Highness, I warmly recall our earlier meetings in August 2015, and in February last year.
The cooperation under this MoU includes the exchange of information on existing legal instruments of national legislation of both countries in combating the illicit trafficking of narcotic drugs psychotropic substances and its precursors, allowing and assisting each other in the use of controlled delivery operation with a view to identifying persons involved in illicit trafficking in narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and its precursors and essential chemicals, prevention of money laundering.
Brothers and sisters, CBI had registered only eight hundred cases in the entire one year before formation of our government.
It is believed that the rationale behind this tradition is that, it destroys his ego that proves to be an impediment in one’s path of progress.
Beneficiaries:
Your Excellency, President Ramaphosa, Distinguished guests who came here from South Africa,
He said that the Union Government is working towards creation of an environment which shatters the confidence of the corrupt, and instills confidence and trust among the honest taxpayer.
The Prime Minister also laid the Foundation Stone for an International Convention Centre in Varanasi.
We direct that steps be taken for early operationalization of the BIMSTEC Energy Centre.
This achievement is a very good omen for the future of our Hockey team.
Prime Minister outlined the various aspects pursued by the Government to ensure financial security for the poor and the vulnerable.
Syed Mohammad Ashraf, Founder President, All India Ulama and Mashaik Board
As we strive to achieve Swachh Bharat by 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, I am touched by the constructive role that media has played, both in generating awareness and mass consciousness towards cleanliness.
We are finding solutions to the enduring human problems of food and health security, and seeking answers to emerging challenges like climate change.
He said that the integration of India by Sardar Patel, has resulted today in India’s march towards becoming a big economic and strategic power.
The Prime Minister will also have a roundtable meeting on media, technology and communications.
I congratulate them too… my best wishes to them.
7. listing of Regulated Deposit Schemes in the Bill, with a clause enabling the Central Government to expand or prune the list.
Saint Shri Ramanujacharya believed that whatever is, and whatever will be, is but an expression of God.
• production of aviation grade biofuel;
In opening the State House to the celebration of Deepawali, you have lit up the many strands of ties that connect India and Uganda.
The farmers were from Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Maharashtra and Karnataka.
This event is being organized by NITI Aayog at the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre in New Delhi.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Morocco for setting up of a Joint Working Group (JWG) on Counter-Terrorism.
Elaborating on the State’s efforts for water conservation, recharge and creation of water bodies, the Chief Minister mentioned that 1.68 lakh check dams, 2.74 lakh farm ponds, 1.25 lakh Bori Bandhs have been made with storage capacity of 42.3 billion cubic feet water, benefitting 6.32 lakh hectares.
Here, on this occasion, I specially want to inform colleagues from other countries about Give-it-up campaign.
This is the power of our tourism.
The Prime Minister will also address the gathering.
Thus, there is a need for further research by our institutions like National Institute of Fashion Technology and Scientific and Industrial Research institutes to develop fabrics from other sources.
Prime Minister also presented a sculpture of Bodhi tree to the Myanmar President.
The Prime Minister said that Atal ji shall remain an inspiration.
Tributes to him.
Now here in the world has banking expansion taken place on such a scale and at such speed.
Taking pride in our culture while respecting other cultures is part of our tradition.
Rs 1000 per extra tonne
India’s accession to TIR Convention and Ashgabat Agreement was welcomed as additional steps at enhancing regional connectivity and linking regional centers of economic growth.
Today, due to this hobby, he garnered respect not only in India but the entire world.
“Greetings to all citizens and voters on National Voters’ Day.
We talk of an inter-dependent world today.
Asserting that India is today brimming with self-confidence, the Prime Minister mentioned developments such as the success of Navika Sagar Parikrama by six young women naval officers, and the achievements of young Indian sportspersons from humble backgrounds.
It is a reflection of the high priority that we accord to Japan in our worldview.
Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh, Shri Shivraj Singh Chouhan was also present on the occasion.
An effort is also made that the concerned department should pay attention to such letters and comments which, somehow, could not be included in Mann Ki Baat.
Akshaya Patra serves as an implementing partner of Mid-Day Meal Scheme.
And, base it on a policy:
The Commemorative Postage Stamps on India-Viet Nam: Joint Issue depicts Sanchi Stupa of India and Pho Minh Pagoda of Viet Nam.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed in October, 2015 between India and Jordan for promoting cooperation In the field of Information Technology and Electronics.
We will all end and eliminate the hindrances that stop women from moving ahead.
The MoU establishes a wide ranging and flexible mechanism through which both countries can exchange best practices and work together on training programs and technical exchanges to raise awareness on IPRs and better protect intellectual property rights.
We have recently improved this further, preventing wilful defaulters from bidding for stressed assets.
I have also impressed upon the Banks to particularly finance young entrepreneurs belonging to the Scheduled Castes and Tribes as well as women entrepreneurs.
Chaudhary Sahab served the nation with utmost dedication.
The Prime Minister mentioned major achievements of Indian science in 2018, including:
They will visit a Startup Exhibition and interact with innovators and Startup CEOs.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, who is on a day-long visit to Uttar Pradesh, visited the Modern Coach Factory in Rae Bareli today.
Climate change and terrorism are new concerns.
I wish you luck in everything you want to do.
Calling the attack barbaric the Prime Minister expressed deep condolences at the loss of innocent lives and extended India’s unwavering support to Egypt in the fight against all forms of terrorism.
It means, ‘I know what is righteousness but I have no desire to follow that path, I also know what is wickedness but I have no desire to refrain from it.’
He had said that ‘Earth provides enough to satisfy everyone’s need, but not enough for everyone’s greed.’
In face of growing traditional and non-traditional challenges, politico-security cooperation is a key emerging pillar of our relationship.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the North East Industrial Development Scheme (NEIDS), 2017 with financial outlay of Rs.3000 crores upto March, 2020.
His greatest achievement is that he made Thuglak a weapon against all divisive forces.
Above all, it arises, from our timeless traditions and beliefs.
Further, if the amount committed for a Start-up in whole has not been released before a Start-up ceases to be so, the balance funding can continue thereafter.
· The composite PMI output index has climbed to an eleven month high of 53.3 per cent in January 2016.
From governments to communities, there are countless examples of innovation and enterprise that are restoring the health of our environment.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Manipur on 16 March, 2018.
However, no delusion or diversion has been noticed there.
It will double the production of LPG & diesel and commence production of feedstock for petrochemical projects in this plant.
And those who opened their accounts under the Pradhan Mantri Jan DhanYojna, have received the benefit of insurance as well.
When Congress comes, so does rising prices.
Anshul Sharma, resident of Himachal Pradesh has written on MyGov that I should talk about examinations and Exam Warriors.
He urged the concerned officials to increase the speed of addressing grievances, and aim for quick and effective resolution of students’ issues with regard to scholarships and fellowships.
Your Excellencies, President Tusk and President Juncker,
Most of these villages were situated in Eastern India and the Northeast
We can learn a lot from the unparalleled saga of this great son of Mother India.
He said this has created lakhs of employment opportunities.
The ideas coming from those sessions are being incorporated into policy.
The proceeds from this auction will go towards supporting the noble cause of Namami Gange.
It will also help consolidate the recent gains in our engagement and reinforce our ties in the months and years ahead.
i. Technical support at the national and state level for strengthening their capacities to deliver nutrition especially during pre-conception, pregnancy and first two years of life,
Noting that terrorism is a major challenge, they expressed a common resolve to combat it with all their might.
But if we reflect upon the Gandhi of a hundred years ago, the Gandhi of the Champaran Satyagraha, that would be a subject of deep study for anyone about to enter public life.
Every devotee considers doing physical labour in the cleanliness drive as a part of the Lord’s worship.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Palghar district of Maharashtra.
The infrastructure of card/ digital payments is growing, but remains modest in comparison to cash payments.
· Meeting of BRICS Head of Revenue Authorities – 18 to 21 June 2018 (Johannesburg)
New laws and institutions for Bankruptcy and Insolvency as well as IPR and Arbitration are now in place;
2. The goals/targets aligned with National Health Policy, 2017 and SDG-3.
There is much to learn and absorb from Japan’s experience.
Once the youth of India decide something, everything is possible, he added.
The PM also announced a solatium of Rs. 50, 000 to those who are injured in the fire.
Mr. Chandra Bose and his family members were in the process of organising this and last week I received the confirmation that around 50 members of the Bose family are coming to the Prime Minister’s residence for a meeting.
And when I talk of Atal Incubation Centres, the government has considered allocating the huge sum of 10 crore rupees for this also.
2. In accordance with the DPE guidelines dated 14.06.2018, a Land Management Agency (LMA) will be engaged for disposal of assets.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed a public meeting at Chotila, in Surendranagar district.
The 28 PRAGATI meetings so far have seen a cumulative review of projects with a total investment of over Rs. 11.75 lakh crore.
There the people are poor and the area is malaria infested.
He said he also feels the pain, and these steps taken were not a display of arrogance.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the function to mark the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the High Court of Delhi.
Guru Ravidas Ji was one of the greatest Saints to have been born in our land.
Our two countries share vibrant and growing people to people ties.
For one reason or the other, we confine ourselves to celebrating and observing centenaries of events mostly.
In an era of cooperative and competitive federalism in India, our states are also building productive cooperation with Southeast Asian nations.
Shri M.J. Akbar, Minister of State for External Affairs
It will provide critical communication links in times of disasters such as earthquakes, cyclones, floods, and tsunamis.
• Joint Declaration of Intent on Cooperation in the field of Information & Communications Technology and Electronics.
He declared that India would not bow to terror.
A visit to South Africa is incomplete without remembering the beloved Madiba.
The world has changed in these ten years.
Just imagine that one man, who came to India in 1915, and had been in the country for barely two years.
Both leaders also affirmed that terrorism cannot be justified on any grounds whatsoever it may be and it should not be associated with any religion, creed, nationality and ethnicity.
UDAY accelerates the process of reform across the entire power sector and will ensure that power is accessible, affordable and available for all.
The share of GoTN included cost of Land and R&R of Rs. 203 crore.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Tuesday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors of power, renewable energy, petroleum and natural gas, coal, and mining.
Greeting Yoga enthusiasts across the world on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that Yoga is one of the most precious gifts given by the ancient Indian sages to humankind.
I want to tell the people of Andhra Pradesh that we will keep working for them.
30. We reaffirm the intention to enhance cooperation and collaboration amongst BRICS countries in the field of biodiversity conservation, sustainable use and equitable access and benefit sharing of biological resources, and also undertake to promote our cooperation in biodiversity-related international conventions and fora including on endangered species and amongst our National Parks authorities.
Prime Minister Cameron reaffirmed the UK’s commitment to a reformed United Nations Security Council with India as a Permanent Member, and to enhancing India’s voice in international financial institutions.
I thank once again for your visit.
India and its economy are pursuing many transformations.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the reforms to boost employment generation and exports in the Made-ups Sector.
The Prime Minister said that for the last four years, efforts are being made to develop the city of Kashi in accordance with the requirements of the 21st century, keeping its ancient identity intact.
The youth of the country is moving ahead.
Another is SETU, which means bridge in Hindi – Self Employment & Talent Utilisation (SETU).
They have been elevated to that class of people that have bank accounts and debit cards.
And, we have fought for our liberty and our dignity.
We also have close cooperation on global issues.
The countries present here together represent almost half of the humanity.
A 15-member delegation from the Nagaland GB (Gaon Burahs) Federation called on Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the PETROTECH – 2019 at India Expo Centre, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh on 11th February 2019.
In order to convey his ideals, Guru Nanak Dev ji composed the Gurbani.
The NMC willcomprise of 25 members of which at least 21 will be doctors.
I would like to express my gratitude to his highness crown prince on behalf of all the 1.25 billion Indians.
More than 8 crore loans have been sanctioned without guarantee to the youth for self-employment.
· The MoC between the National Institutes for Quantum and Radiological Science and Technology (QST) and Tata Medical Center, Kolkata in the field of heavy ion radiotherapy was signed in September 2017.
Brazil is among our most important economic partners in Latin America.
It is of Incredible opportunities, and about India’s Credible Policies.
It offers exciting opportunities in defence trade.
My dear countrymen!
Arrangements are being made to provide farmers even better access to loans from cooperative banks and societies.
PM reiterated that his government is making efforts to preserve and promote the memories of tribal heroes of our freedom struggle in museums and memorials.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on Ambedkar Jayanti.
India has always deeply appreciated the warmth and affection of the Royal Family of Thailand for India.
When I look back at the launch of the Make in India initiative over a year ago, I also recall the aspirations of our youth.
We have Free Trade Agreements with ASEAN and Thailand.
We are enhancing our cooperation with the Philippines in facing this common challenge.
Like Satyam, Hundreds of thousands of youth leave schools to join colleges.
We will also further expand green financing, so as to promote sustainable development in BRICS countries.
Progress of the Phulpur-Haldia gas pipeline project in Uttar Pradesh was also reviewed.
Prime Minister visited Agartala today in the third and final leg of his day long tour to Assam, Arunachal and Tripura.
It is time for all Afghans, everyone in the region and the rest of the world to come together.
I am one of your own.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is committed to empowering MSMEs.
You have led from the front in trying to bring a new era of peace, development and security.
PM said that in order to conduct research on Sickle cell disease, a research center is being built at Chandrapur.
Marine litter especially micro-plastic, is a major trans-boundary problem.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following:
They also discussed regional situation.
He said this has happened despite two successive drought years.
You receive it in your hand for a moment and then abandon it.
To capture his mission in own words, he gave his life to see a successful Singapore.
Those who are earning up to 5 lakhs will have to pay lesser tax.
It brings together leading investors, entrepreneurs, academicians, think-tanks and other stakeholders to propel the global entrepreneurship ecosystem.
The new Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
We are emphasising on all types of modern infrastructure.
“Pained by the attack in Manchester.
He said the rising aspirations of India’s people, along with robust economic fundamentals, represent a significant opportunity for investment.
Some games saw the participation of the whole family.
Sir we have seen many initiatives for education in the last five years.
And, it is a historic moment of emotion and pride in the relations between Afghanistan and India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released a commemorative coin in honour of former Prime Minister, Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
I noticed that a few people get a lot of work for me in ‘Mann Ki Baat.’
The Governors, Chief Ministers of Kerala and Tamil Nadu, Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Deputy Speaker of Lok Sabha, and Administrator of Lakshadweep along with senior officials were present at the respective meetings.
Write good travelogues.
They encouraged CEFIPRA to expand its role through interactive continuum between research, market and societal needs by linking the discoveries from fundamental research and their technological applications.
In this context, he mentioned neem coating of urea, Ujjwala Yojana, Jan Dhan Accounts, and RuPay debit cards.
Over 100 beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana, today interacted with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, at his residence.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, on the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, has saluted the determination of our Divyangs and has conveyed his best wishes to them.
Whether it be people from the sports world, academicians, schools, colleges, universities, farmers, workers, officers, government employees, police, or army jawans – every one has got connected with this.
There are many things that inspire us, and don’t think that they inspire only students.
I urge all the eligible voters, particularly youngsters, to register themselves and strengthen our democracy with their participation.
The grid is part of Government’s plan to provide cheap and quality gas to the entire North East Region.
Recalling the recent Committees of Secretaries which had been formed at his initiative to look into key areas of governance, he said that officers worked on these tasks voluntarily, after office hours and on holidays.
The efficiency of supply chains is a key factor in any manufacturing enterprise.
In this background the IRDAI had become a signatory member of the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding.
It is a real pleasure to be with the business community of Japan and India.
So, technology will be a strong foundation of our partnership.
Prime Minister reiterated India’s commitment to continue supporting the UN peacekeeping operations.
He recalled the Global Sufi Conference in New Delhi recently, where liberal Islamic scholars had denounced terrorism.
Today is the 9thof August.
This is a turnaround of Rs. 575 crores in one single year.
He handed over certificates to women given free driving training by Daman and Diu administration and cycle to school going girls.
He will visit the Avadhoota Datta Peetham.
Signing of the Agreement will strengthen the cooperation between India and Algeria, and provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth, satellite navigation, space science and exploration of outer space.
And, we worked to diversify economic partnership between countries of the South.
He will briefly visit the facilities at the Sankul.
Aviation security, Immigration and Customs xiii.
Similarly, very radical liberalization has been done in sectors like plantation, e-commerce and single brand retail.
The discussions are likely to be focused mainly on the financial matter.
45. We reaffirm our support for the process of an “Afghan-led, Afghan-owned’’ national peace and reconciliation process.
• and, of parents bearing coffins, entire communities dislocated, millions displaced, and refugees caught between fire and stormy seas.
· 53% of the total foreign investment in the computer software and hardware sector has come in the last three years alone.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratifying of an Agreement between India and Qatar on Co-operation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters.
The Mission will ensure holistic and comprehensive growth of the battery manufacturing industry in India.
Hydrocarbons will be an essential part of this mix.
His paintings have been on display in European countries, in Russia and in America.
The promising shooter Ravi Kumar has won the Bronze in the men’s 10m Air Rifle event.
This means that India is a follower of global fashion rather than a leader of global taste.
He said that if we want to draw more tourists to Gir, we should also inspire the tourists to visit other nearby places like Dwarka.
It is the first of six such submarines that will be inducted into the Indian Navy, and represents a significant success for the “Make in India” initiative.
My dear countrymen, Swachh Bharat Mission or Clean India Mission has become a success story not only in our country but in the whole world and everyone is talking about this movement.
Number of Beneficiaries:
Human resource development has been a key area of cooperation.
Now they can save up to Rs. 6 lakhs on home loans over a period of 20 years which is a reflection of the measures undertaken by the Government for Ease of Living.
Trends in demography, urbanization and migrations are posing new challenges.
Let us forge ahead with a strong resolution.
It has weakened the effort to remove poverty.
This facility will be in addition to the existing broadband facility.
Following the talks, the Indian and Ugandan side:
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Faculty Exchange Agreement signed between the National Defence College, New Delhi and National Defence College, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Google today has made teachers less awe-inspiring and grandparents more idle.
After his meeting with the Prime Minister, Shri Kumawat resumed wearing footwear.
We need to push on with economic integration.
I hope the next two days would provide a new direction to the global community in its journey towards ending maternal and child deaths.
“Deliberations at COP21 and Paris Agreement demonstrates the collective wisdom of world leaders to mitigate climate change.
The Prime Minister recalled their earlier meeting in Hanoi during his visit to Vietnam in September 2016.
Yet, Devendra displayed that physical condition and increasing age could not dent his strong determination and he successfully claimed his second gold medal after a gap of 12 years.
45 crores) each in this 5-year pilot, and seek further investment from other potential funding partners.
Terrorism casts a long shadow on our development and economic prosperity.
He also inaugurated Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences and Research, Ahmedabad and the Ahmedabad Shopping Festival.
To enhance industrial and investment relations between South Korean companies and the State of Gujarat through cooperation in areas of urban infrastructure, food processing, agriculture related industries, startup ecosystem, skill training and development and new & renewable energy.
There are 2.92 Lakh CSCs in rural India providing opportunities to access various government and other services across 2.15 Lakh Gram Panchayats
But I can’t leave them.
The North East region is also very important to us for strategic reasons.
Mahatma Gandhi had once said that he wanted to learn Tamil to study Thiruvalluvar’s Thirukurral in its original form, as there was no one who had given such treasures of wisdom as he had.
We commit to expedite the signing of the BIMSTEC Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters, and to early ratification of the BIMSTEC Convention on Cooperation in Combating International Terrorism, Transnational Organized Crime and Illicit Drug Trafficking.
Through global partnerships and accessing cutting edge technologies, India will emerge as a global centre of expertise.
The Notification is so designed that it balances the needs in such a way that both are fulfilled.
By practicing Yoga, a spirit of oneness is created – oneness of the mind, body and the intellect.
The procurement expenditure and losses due to procurement will be borne by Central Government as per norms.
Whatever medals we got have been earned by our daughters.
He said India now had a decisive Government with full majority, and several sectors including insurance, railways, defence manufacturing have been opened up for foreign investment.
Background :
These include:
Speaking on the occasion, he thanked the people of Anand for turning out in such large numbers.
South Asia Satellites has been a unique initiative, which has also gifted hues of development to our neighbouring Allies.
This growth has been supported by a series of policy measures.
Outstanding debt of DISCOMs has increased from about Rs. 2.4 lakh crore in 2011-12 to about Rs. 4.3 lakh crore in 2014-15, with interest rates upto14-15%.
It is essential for us to stay healthy to join in the every activity, every process of the nation building and Yoga certainly has a big role in this thing too.
Meaning thereby that will your step help millions of those people in getting Swaraj who have an empty stomach and a dissatisfied soul!
“The demise of Swami Atmasthananda ji is a personal loss for me.
To further augment such investments, we are encouraging the PPP model.
The Prime Minister said that the Dainik Jagran has played a key role in generating awareness, and in the re-building of the nation.
The PMGDISHA being initiated under Digital India Programme would cover 6 crore households in rural areas to make them digitally literate.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
But, India’s ties with Southeast Asia stretch back more than two millennia.
We also direct the TNC to expedite the negotiations on the Agreements on Services and Investment.
Prime Minister laid the foundation Stone of 30,000 houses under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
5. We reaffirm our commitment to the principles of mutual respect, sovereign equality, democracy, inclusiveness and strengthened collaboration.
In a similar manner, the onus is on us to maintain our tourist destinations and pilgrim tourism sites neat and clean.
Bio Aviation Turbine Fuel has already been tried out in our civil aviation sector.
Through Jan Dhan Yojana, social security schemes, MUDRA & Stand-Up India, we have given wings to millions of aspirations.
We want the world to see our innovation capabilities in the start-up sector.
The balance amount of Rs. 2141 crore will be met from loan from multilateral/bilateral/domestic funding agency.
The first phase of the TSTPP will comprise two units of 800 MW each and second phase for three units of 800 MW each.
In your clear eyes, I saw the deep well of affection for India.
You are capable of it and there is no dearth of talent either.
The scheme henceforth is a reflection of Government’s commitment and dedication to our ‘Annadata’.
He will also the lay the foundation stone of projects like Infrastructure Development of Dhanamanjuri University, Imphal; sports facilities etc.
He paid tribute to the contribution of all those who have been associated with the High Court of Delhi, over the last five decades.
It could be possible only due to richness of our poor citizens.
Youth from humble backgrounds, with very limited resources are achieving best positions in competitive exams and sports.
The next edition was Swachh Shakti-2018 from Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh and now the third edition is being inaugurated from Kurukshetra to empower the women.
We are fortunate that South African President Mr. Cyril Ramaphosa is going to grace the Republic Day celebrations as chief guest.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Tajkistan on Cooperation on Peaceful uses of Space Technology for Development.
The Prime Minister attended the inaugural session of the Conference, which was addressed by Home Minister Shri Rajnath Singh.
The new scheme consists of the revamped GDS and a revamped GML Scheme.
This is our new India.
I still remember that in 2010 when 60 years of the adoption of the Constitution were being celebrated, we had taken out a procession by placing our Constitution atop an elephant.
Roundtable on media, technology and communications- growth story for India.
I am confident that we can.
46. The sides affirmed “equality, mutual respect and non-interference as universally acknowledged norms of international law as reflected in the United Nations Charter and the 1970 Declaration on principles of international law concerning friendly relations and co-operation among states in accordance with the UN Charter.”
This great symbol of people’s faith was locked up in the fort for hundreds of years, due to which the devotees despite a deep seated desire could not get a glimpse of.
These experiences will enrich your lives.
Cooperation between India and Japan on defence equipment and technology holds immense scope and potential for future bilateral collaborations.
The two operational agreements signed today will facilitate the construction and upgrading of 69 bridges and the Kalewa-Yargi road section of the Trilateral Highway Project.
Not more than 50 seconds are spent on this but my mind is at rest and ready to be focused on matters at hand.
India’s own ecosystem of startups is evolving rapidly.
The Prime Minister mentioned initiatives taken for FDI and for competitiveness.
He said both countries are proud of their glorious heritage.
Imbibing cleanliness as a nature is not enough.
The poor tribals have gained faith in the system.
He will visit a model Anganwadi Centre, and interact with Anganwadi workers and beneficiary children of Poshan Abhiyan.
He credited this vision for the development that the State is witnessing.
This will reduce the interest cost on the debt taken over by the States to around 8-9%, from as high as 14-15%; thus improving overall efficiency.
The world must come together to combat the biggest challenge of our times.
Suitably priced, stable and sustainable energy supply, is essential for rapid growth of the economy.
Apart from constructing National Highways, we are also focusing on connecting rural habitations with main roads under Prime Minister Grameen Sadak Yojana.
Yesterday was the 150th birth anniversary of Sister Nivedita.
You will notice that you will return to your study room and be amongst your books with a renewed freshness.
On the 16th of May, a team comprising five tribal students of an Ashram School in Chandrapur, Maharashtra- Maneesha Dhurve, Pramesh Ale, Umakant Madhavi, Kavidas Katmode and Vikas Soyam- scaled the world’s highest peak.
The following is the text of the Resolution:
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and United Kingdom (UK) to support Ease of Doing Business in India.
And I am glad that they have not only appointed Bilal as their ambassador but also given him a vehicle, and also a uniform and he goes to other areas and educates people about cleanliness and inspires them and keeps tracking them till results are achieved.
This is the third metro line to be inaugurated by the Prime Minister in 2017.
Foreign Minister Zarif conveyed that Iran considered India its strategic partner and cannot forget the support India extended to Iran during its difficult times.
I look forward to building a forward looking vision for our partnership with the new Administration in the United States under President Trump.
We are second, globally, in terms of production of rice, wheat, fish, fruits and vegetables.
h) To promote safe, honourable and sustainable tourism.
—these are all reflections of this approach.
· The Unified Model consortium which comprises of the UKMO, KMA and CSIRO have common interests in meteorology and related sciences and recognize mutual interests and growing complexities in the field of Earth System Modelling for weather and climate prediction.
There is a very good response from the States / UTs and nearly 2 – 3 lakh houses are being sanctioned every month.
My programme during the visit gives me an opportunity to engage with a cross-section of Israeli society.
Prime Minister declared 100% household electrification in Arunachal Pradesh under Saubhagya scheme.
It leads to a greater understanding of one-self.
It has been a matter of concern for all of us that corruption and black money tend to be accepted as part of life.
The flame of the Amar Chakra symbolizes the immortality of the martyred soldier.
And, the vast stretch of Indian Ocean has kept our societies and our people connected.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Singapore.
Addressing climate change and promoting secure, affordable and sustainable supplies of energy are our shared priorities.
At the outset, I express my gratitude to lakhs of citizens of our country for sending in a multitude of suggestions when I ask for them before ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
• Message of Sufism not just confined to combating terrorism, but encompasses creed of “Sab Ka Saath, Sab Ka Vikaas”: PM
Background:-
India highly appreciated Viet Nam’s proposal to establish a Viet Nam Cultural Centre in India.
He further assured the farmers that State Governments have been requested to take effective measures for liquidation of cane arrears.
• The Indian steel sector has grown rapidly over the past few years and presently it is the third largest steel producer globally, contributing to about 2% of the country’s GDP.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Nagaland on their Statehood Day.
The MoS (I/C) for Youth Affairs and Sports, Shri Vijay Goel; and the President of the All India Football Federation, Shri Praful Patel, were present on the occasion.
India has excellent relations with all Southeast Asian countries.
He exhorted the Muslim community in India to take maximum advantage of the skill development schemes and programmes being initiated by the Union Government.
a) Exchanging information and expertise in Legislations in the tourism development, Hotels, resorts and tourist accommodation facilities, Tourism data and statistics, Exhibition events and other tourism activities in States of the Parties, Tourism development, planning and investment; Licensing, operating and marketing tourism facilities, Agricultural Tourism, Desert tourism etc.
Humour is the best healer.
He said that a strong and progressive Eastern India, is the key to a strong and progressive India.
1. Remote sensing of the earth;
Their popularity is growing.
· Meeting of BRICS Senior Officials on Education – 9 July (Cape Town)
India-Japan Cooperation in Skill Development
2. Continue to exert efforts and cooperate towards the full, effective and timely implementation of the Plan of Action to Implement the ASEAN-India Partnership for Peace, Progress and Shared Prosperity (2016-2020).
In a befitting reply to those who made a mockery of PM’s announcement of Swachta Abhiyan from the Red Fort, he said that today due to extensive sanitation drive, 97% population has access to clean toilets now.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Mauritius.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief on the loss of lives caused by the boat tragedy in Bihar.
The voter’s list must be updated; we must also keep a watch on it.
The repayment obligation of the FCI in respect of NSSF Loans would be treated as the first charge on the food subsidy released to the Food Corporation of India.
It comes from the natural instinct of our tradition and culture.
The main objectives of the Memorandum of Understanding are:
He said people in India too would be pleasantly surprised to see the cow being given such importance as a means of economic empowerment in villages, in faraway Rwanda.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List till November, 2018.
The ASHA worker Jamuna Manisingh decided that she will not let anyone die of malaria.
Athletes who participated in these games hail from various parts of the country, even from smaller towns.
The Prime Minister discussed various measures for desilting, water conservation and recharging of ground water, with the Chief Minister.
m) Impact assessment of regulations
Exchanged by
MoU on cooperation in the field of biotechnology and bio-economics.
Ramzan is a month of charity, and sharing joy.
This simple scheme for distribution of LED bulb has shown extraordinary results.
Disasters, unfortunately leave behind a trail of destruction.
The economic and social benefits of metro rail systems are well-known.
This is an educational hub also.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi gave its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Korea on Trade Remedy Cooperation.
11. The two sides reaffirmed their commitment to strengthening global non-proliferation efforts as highlighted at the India-EU Non-proliferation and Disarmament Dialogue in New Delhi on 18 July 2017.
UDAY provides for the financial turnaround and revival of Power Distribution companies (DISCOMs), and importantly also ensures a sustainable permanent solution to the problem.
It is an essential foundation of growth and stability in the global economy.
It stems from our obligation to give our people clean air; clean rivers; resilient farms; healthy habitats; and, forests rich with life.
Since then it has been a very successful journey.
Encouraging fact is that our business engagement is not one way.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya, on his birth anniversary.
Over the last two decades, most community based efforts have been confined to disaster preparedness and contingency planning for the short term.
Also a joint study was undertaken with WIPO.
Inaugurating IREP Complex PM said, “Today is a historic day when the largest industrial unit of Kerala is entering its next phase of development.
He said Dalit and Adivasi entrepreneurs should be encouraged by banks.
Our foreign policy has led to India’s voice becoming stronger at the world stage.
It uses the name of religion to draw people to its cause.
There is also a great scope for mountaineering, trekking and adventure tourism in the region.
He asked all Chief Secretaries to work towards speedy implementation of solar power projects in their respective States.
This council will help formulate appropriate science and technology interventions, catalyse collaborations across stake holders, ministries and implement multistake holder policy initiatives.
HSCL will become subsidiary of NBCC with NBCC holding 51% equity holding.
Just on seeing these pictures, your disappointment will transform into hope.
Over 500 Korean companies are operating in India too.
Anyone getting salary from Government Treasury is a part of Government itself?
They recognized that the new 2030 Agenda along with the Sustainable Development Goals has poverty eradication as its overarching focus.
With the help of a Mudra Loan worth Rs. 5 lakh, he was able to start his own business of trading pesticides and fertilizers, and has now been able to generate employment for several other persons.
He said that with the Statue of Unity, India has given itself today, a towering inspiration for the future.
Terrorist funding, their weapons supply, training and political support must be systematically cut off.
Both nations are part of the Non-Aligned Movement.
Noida provides employment to over 2,00,000 in the region with these industrial units.
In order to promote and support protection, management and enhancement of the environment in the South Asian region, the Governments of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka established the SACEP in 1982 in Sri Lanka.
Its aim is to generate a patriotic mood, promote the rich cultural diversity of the country and to ensure wider participation of the masses.
And that is why it becomes our collective responsibility… Let us be lovers of nature, protectors of Nature, conservers of Nature… and thus, ensure spontaneous balance in her myriad bounty.
PM Prachanda also spoke about Nepal holding the first local elections in nearly twenty years and requested for India’s assistance in this connection.
MOU between India and Palestine for setting up of new National Printing Press at Ramallah at a cost of US $5 million
I request you all- remember our country and not Modi.
Since the 4th of March is National Safety Day, the Prime Minister should include safety in the Mann Ki Baat programme in order to raise awareness on safety.
An MoU for Technical Cooperation on Police Training and Development was exchanged in the presence of the two leaders at the conclusion of the meeting.
The following are the salient features of the Memorandum of Understanding between India and Kingdom of Bahrain:
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for extending the tenure of the National Commission for Safai Karamcharis (NCSK) beyond 31.3.2016 for three years.
The delegation apprised the Prime Minister of the prevailing situation in the State.
Accordingly, today the Cabinet approved the setting up of IISER Berhampur at the transit/ temporary campus at academic-cum-workshop building of the Government ITI, Berhampur.
Addressing a programme to mark National Youth Day and Sarva Dharma Sabha at Belagavi, Karnataka, the Prime Minister said that Swami Vivekananda emphasised on brotherhood.
The students were a part of a team of the “Mission Shaurya” initiative of the Adivasi Vikas Vibhag of the Maharashtra State Government.
In a first, I am happy that India is facilitating an outreach Summit with the BIMSTEC leaders of Bangladesh, Bhutan, Myanmar, Nepal, Sir Lanka and Thailand.
Prime Minister Cameron and Prime Minister Modi recognised the importance of the multilateral, rules-based trading system, and agreed to work together to help ensure a successful outcome at the Nairobi World Trade Organization Ministerial in December, in conformity with the development mandate of the Doha Development Agenda.
During the meeting, Gavi’s proposed new strategic partnership with India for 2016-2021 was discussed.
On his part, Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi highlighted the initiatives undertaken by his Government for the economic growth and the improvement of standard of living of the people.
Uttarakhand and Haryana have also been declared ODF, this week.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condemned the attack in Kabul.
As we gather today to commence the 12th South Asian Games, for 23 sporting events covering both men and women, we bring sports-persons from all SAARC countries to India’s North-East and to this great city in a spirit of friendship, trust and understanding.
He reiterated the Union Government’s vision of “Housing For All” by 2022.
It’s easy to learn these words!
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Kenya (ICPAK).
He will also inaugurate and lay foundation stone of several development projects in Haryana.
It can become the new backbone for digital innovation in Africa.
So people go and eat there and make payments on their next visit after 2, 4 or 6 days.
The Government has accepted the recommendations of the RBI to issue Two thousand rupee notes and new notes of Five hundred rupees will also be placed in circulation.
In this ‘Mahayagya’, grand undertaking, the Municipal Corporation, voluntary bodies, School- College students, the people of Jabalpur; in fact everyone participated with enthusiasm & Zest.
The Prime Minister and CEOs observed that the changes in technology and media in recent times have led to an enormous democratization of knowledge.
Neither the Government of India nor the state tourism departments were aware of such heritage.
In Department of Telecommunications, the IP&TAFS performs the functions of assessment and collection of license fee/ spectrum usage charges, spectrum auction, USO scheme monitoring and subsidy management, exchequer control, budgeting, accounting, pension disbursement, internal audit and finance advice.
TheBishnoi community in the desert land of Rajasthan has shown us a way of environment protection.
Both sides reviewed the global scenario with regard to the economic slowdown, climate change and international terrorism.
And, are led most ably by the strong leadership of Excellency Abe.
Friends in the media have also played a constructive role.
They have embarked upon the journey of being partners in Nation building.
In situations of distress faced by Indian nationals, we have reached out to ensure their safety, rescue and repatriation.
You are the only developing country which hosts the headquarters of UN agencies.
I stressed this upon them and I noticed that they too realized that today when the nation is surging ahead, all of us must contribute to it.
The Government has taken steps one after another in this direction to fulfill their dreams and ambitions.
The Prime Minister sought details from officials on preparations for providing electricity to all unconnected villages in the country within 1000 days, as mentioned in his Independence Day address.
Can we remember that mantra of Bapu!”
Background:-
Today, along with President Sirisena, we dedicate the renovated Durraiappah Stadium to the people of Sri Lanka.
However, this provision was presently not applicable to Air India, thereby implying that foreign airlines could not invest in Air India.
I visited Korea when I was Chief Minister of Gujarat.
Design Consultant have been appointed for all the three AIIMS on the basis of Global bid as per mandate of the Cabinet.
Given the primacy of connectivity, India is organising an ASEAN – India Connectivity Summit in New Delhi next month with Ministers, officials and business representativs from all ASEAN countries participating.Just as India sees business opportunities in the region, I am sure that the ASEAN business community recognises the potential for business in India.
· And better living standards.
I am grateful to Prime Minister Cameron for his kind words and thanks every body
Permanent Residency Status will be granted for a period of 10 years initially with multiple entry facility, which can be renewed for another 10 years.
It is a natural journey from the self to the collective.
While science is universal, technology must be local for providing solutions relevant to the local needs and conditions.
You will breathe more life and strength into relations between India and Malaysia.
So, before I can consider financial markets to be fully successful, they have to meet three challenges.
I particularly recall my interactions during my visit to Hannover Fair in April 2015.
Transactions on UPI grew 1500 times in the last 24 months.
They came to Allahabad and took an oath before Mother Ganga that they will make all out efforts to immediately stop the practice of open defecation in their villages situated on the banks of Ganga, start a campaign of building toilets and also that these villages will make their full contribution in cleaning up Ganga and will ensure that Ganga is not polluted now.
India was named as a member of the same group.
And, I am most grateful for your warm and enthusiastic welcome.
I also express my thanks to the participating dignitaries present from across the ASEAN and BBIN countries in the Global Investor Summit.
More such centres are being opened.
The High Speed Railway cooperation between India and Japan is a shining example of the strength of our cooperation.
There were many who doubted India when, as a newly independent nation, we reposed our faith in democracy.
Today, the farmers have technology to help them while they work hard in their fields.
In this context, Prime Minister spoke about the disaster relief operations of CISF during Kerala floods and also during Nepal and Haiti earthquake
How do you wish to bring about reforms?”
The Prime Minister later unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Memorial at the Indu Mills Compound, in Mumbai.
There were lots of complaints about this scheme.
Russia expressed its support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
The leaders noted the progress made on EU-India cooperation on resource efficiency and circular economy.
This partnership will consist of a collaborative programme of research and innovation to enable the sustainable management of water resources in the Ganga basin and a policy expert exchange in 2016 supported by the UK Water Partnership.
a. Implementation of ICT-RTM of ICDS which will enable the authorities for timely intervention for ensuring proper service delivery.
He mentioned the Wellness Centres announced in the recent Union Budget.
We have to attack this type of thinking.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for amendments to the Arbitration and Conciliation Bill, 2015 taking into consideration the Law Commission’s recommendations, and suggestions received from stake holders.
We are also determined to deepen our cooperation in agriculture, banking, power, and energy.
And that secret ingredient, apart from the government, money, planning and focussed work is manifest in the form of those artisans, labourers, artists and architects who came from every corner of the country.
Young India feels “Anything is possible!
He said this indicates India’s quest for global benchmarks.
I reviewed the situation with the NSA and Home Secretary.
23. The Sides appreciated the efforts to further cement and institutionalize cooperation between Indian States and Russian Regions.
We have moved towards digital platformsin fuel retail and payments.
There are always challenges, but there are also dreams.
In Districts prone to floods and cyclones, an initiative names ‘Aapada Mitra’ has been launched for training Volunteers.
He said Swachhta, or cleanliness, is the key to prosperity.
With these words, I once again warmly welcome Prime Minister Abe and the high level delegation accompanying him.
In this digital century of new promise and opportunities, the reach of terror is growing and its toll is rising every year.
And, I know that many of you think that the only problems that have not been solved are the ones for which you have not written the apps yet.
This lock needs modernization.
But see the sensibility of these farmer brothers.
(a) Between MAFF and MH state, MOC signed on 29 October 2018 (3) Uttar Pradesh State (UP state) (a) Between MAFF and UP state, MOC was signed on 26 October 2018
I will then travel to Rajkot, where I will join the Samajik Adhikarita Shivir and interact with my Divyang sisters and brothers.
The Union Cabinet has further empowered respective Ministries/Departments/Organizations to take an appropriate decision in respect of the age of doctors for holding the charge of administrative position as per the functional requirement.
Similarly, Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana was launched in July 2015.
However, the fiscal incentives will be available for a period of 120 months from the date of commencement of production in ER/UHC projects.
Let us all join together to beat plastic pollution and make this planet a better place to live.
Prime Minister noted that India-Canada relations were anchored in a common framework of democracy, pluralism, rule of law and close people-to-people relations.
The participation of citizens is also increasing.
Mr. Itsunori Onodera, Defence Minister of Japan, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
The Prime Minister will unveil plaque to mark the commencement of work for the development and conservation of Rasika Ray temple at ancient fort, Haripurgarh.
25 slots for training under the ITEC scheme in the field of dairy cooperation in order to strengthen cooperation in the Dairy sector.
In case the incentive commitment of Rs 10,000 crore is reached, a review will be held to decide further financial commitments.
Addressing the Gathering on this occasion, he said doing business with India is a great opportunity.
28. We welcome the commitment to enhance cooperation in the field of water on the basis of sustainable development in an integrated way, addressing the themes of water access flood protection, drought management, water supply and sanitation, water and climate, systematically facilitating water pollution prevention and control, river and lake ecosystem restoration and preservation, ecosystem conservation, and water resources management.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
The Chief Minister also made a brief presentation on how the State Government is using technology to get real-time updates on water and agriculture from the field.
Far from the despair he had dreamt of an India that will be free from all the evils and will be inclusive of all.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for National Capital Goods Policy.
The PM said “the scheme will benefit 27 lakh farmers.
The Prime Minister said RTI has become a tool for good governance.
When we are receptive to people, it reflects in policies becoming simpler.
“Best wishes to sports enthusiasts and tributes to Major Dhyan Chand on National Sports Day.
The entire nation stands shoulder to shoulder with the families of the brave martyrs.
Adding up the green footprints, the train has regenerative braking system in the Vande Bharat Express coaches which can save up to 30% of electrical energy.
The best example of this is the farm loan waivers.
For North-Eastern States, Jammu & Kashmir and the Special Category States, the funding pattern is 90:10.
In a reflection of his commitment towards the people of Odisha, the Prime Minister said that it was his third visit to Odisha over the past three weeks.
Our freedom movement is linked to our sentiments.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of using latest available technology, to streamline the process, and reach global standards in this regard.
PM will then address the gathering.
This would also result in bolstering India’s international relations.
This should happen, of course, through our education system, and the conduct of our political leaders.
And so, on their behalf, I humbly accept the Award and express my gratitude.
Addressing a public gathering, he underlined how Ayushman Bharat has played a key role in providing affordable health care services to the people.
National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) was launched in April 2005 and it morphed into National Health Mission (NHM) with launch of National Urban Health Mission (NUHM) during 2013.
The aim of the policy is create game changing strategies for the capital goods sector.
They also noted the benefits from a number of people-centric development cooperation projects being carried out with India’s assistance in Sri Lanka.
Today, Africa and India are two bright spots of hope and opportunities in the global economy.
Referring to his experiences around the world, the Prime Minister assured all the members that we can connect with the whole world with the help of all the Indian languages including Hindi.
That is why, we have made a commitment to the world community at the recent COP-21 meeting in Paris.
I congratulate one and all in the state.
Deendayal Upadhyaya’s centenary celebrations
He said that the ancient cultural ties between India and China are a catalyst for growth of stronger people to people relations.
They can also be sent to various districts as Swachchha Bharat Fellows.
All the 100 smart cities will do well to understand how Gift city has been able to create its underground infrastructure which can compete with the best in the world.
Shri Satish Kumar Sharma, Chairman NPCIL
I am sure you won’t do anything like that.
He will also address the gathering.
Congratulations to the people of Meghalaya for hosting the North Eastern Council Plenary Meeting in Shillong.
The Prime Minister reiterated his Government’s resolve to make India a developed Nation by 2022, with a house and access to basic services like electricity, to all.
And I’m grateful to the chief minister of Tamil Nadu as he has publicly welcomed and thanked the central government for the programs which have benefitted the people of Tamil Nadu, I thank you for him for this cooperation as well.
A special Leprosy Case Detection Campaign was carried out in 2016.
We thus need to be careful in using appropriate technologies in the construction of roads in this area.
Both countries will cooperate to address the challenges faced by cities, with the aim of promoting sustainable inclusive urban growth, whilst improving commercial and trade relations between the two countries.
Both leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
Their job entails complex set of tasks requiring very high level of knowledge and expertise, as well as the practical application of specific skills pertaining to cognitive domains (e.g. spatial perception, information processing, logical reasoning, decision-making) communicative aspects and human relations.
However, this assumption is based on India deciding to buy the minimum number of shares (100) required for obtaining the membership.
Argentina has strongly supported India’s membership in the Missile Technology Control Regime, Wassenaar Arrangement, Australia Group and the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Central Government augments the resources of the States in this regard through the Centrally Sponsored Scheme (CSS) for development of infrastructure facilities for Judiciary which is being implemented since 1993-94.
And I have told them in clear words that we should not perceive citizens as crooks.
This leads further to social discipline, and in turn to ethics and enduring values of life.
We agreed that efficiency of water and resource use; water conservation and its purification; productivity increases in agriculture are key areas in deepening our bilateral cooperation.
Brothers and Sisters, scientists of our nation have also left no stone unturned in bringing immense glory to our country.
It is one of the key elements of India’s rising soft power status, globally, he added.
Vehicle without permit
He said the current age is one that requires transformational change.
Took stock of the situation and rescue operations.
During a review of the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the Union Government’s commitment to provide Housing for All by 2022.
Already 5279 villages have been electrified.
51. Post GST savings and efficiency in transportation sector has increased.
The Prime Minister urged States to accelerate enrolment among children in the 5 to 18 age-group so that scholarships and other educational benefits become more accessible to them.
We are switching sources of fuel where possible.
This is the fourth successive Diwali that the Prime Minister has celebrated with jawans on the border.
It is a great pleasure for me to have an opportunity today to get your blessings.
Addressing the gathering the Prime Minister said that these projects are a key part of the Government’s effort to raise farmers’ incomes, by lowering the cost of irrigation.
He said that paying tax to the Government and serving the humanity are parallel to paying tax to the God.
But one understands the difficulties you were facing when there was no toilet and that the construction of this toilet has really proved to be a big boon for you.
The judicial system too could not escape the sinister shadows of the Emergency.
As in trade, so in defence.
Our soldiers have displayed great valour in difficult areas and adverse conditions.
15. Cooperation between India and Japan on defence equipment and technology holds immense scope and potential for strengthening technological capability and industrial infrastructure through joint efforts between the public and private sectors.
In Jharsuguda, the Prime Minister inaugurated Jharsuguda airport, and flagged off the first flight from Jharsuguda to Raipur.
It is also significant that their objective is life-long wellness.
We are the people who believe in equal value for all beliefs.
It is setting up a locomotive manufacturing plant in the relatively poor state of Bihar.
Other than all these, 32 Heads of State or Government from Africa have visited India in the last four years.
They helped create a mass consciousness and awakening, through their newspapers.
With so much to do, have you ever thought of spending a couple of moments gazing at the sky, looking with wonder at the flora around you, lightening your spirits a bit!
In order to facilitate the implementation of this MoU, the Participants could meet on mutual decision alternately in India or in Finland or through videoconference.
They agreed to improve cooperation between their technical, law enforcement, cyber R&D, cyber security standards & testing and capacity building institutions.
They sacrifice their youth for the country so that 125 crore countrymen may live in peace.
But, it also comes with its own set of challenges.
65. The Sides stand for strengthening of open, inclusive, transparent, non-discriminatory and rules-based multilateral trade system and prevention of fragmentation of international trade relations and trade protectionism in all forms.
The Guardian / owner shall be deemed to be guilty in cases of offences by the Juveniles and Juvenile to be tried under JJ Act.
Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and ATLA signed the Project Arrangement Concerning the Cooperative Research on the Visual SLAM Based GNSS Augmentation Technology for UGV/Robotics in July 2018.
He said people in a community should identify with police stations.
So priority has been given in a way to the spread of education.
Reiterating the importance of achieving a free, open, transparent, rules-based, peaceful, prosperous and inclusive Indo-Pacific region, where sovereignty and territorial integrity, international law, in particular UNCLOS, freedom of navigation and overflight, sustainable development and an open, free, fair and mutually beneficial trade and investment system are respected;
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Löfven met on 17 April and recalled their Joint Statement issued in Mumbai in 2016, welcomed progress so far on its implementation and reconfirmed their commitment to the Joint Statement as the overall political framework for cooperation.
He used to write poems on the walls of his prison cell.
22. Both leaders reaffirmed their commitment to strengthening cooperation on sustainable and clean forms of energy, including nuclear and renewables; explore possibilities for collaboration in hydrogen-based energy, while also continuing their efforts for cooperation in use of clean coal technology, petroleum and natural gas projects and LNG supply chain and welcomed “Japan-India Energy Transition Cooperation Plan”.
He flagged the potential of biomass energy and also invited participation and joint ventures in coal gasification.
The second conflict is between nature and man, between nature and development, and also between nature and science.
The Bill seeks to prevent and control the spread of HIV and AIDS, prohibits discrimination against persons with HIV and AIDS, provides for informed consent and confidentiality with regard to their treatment, places obligations on establishments to safeguard rights of persons living with HIV arid create mechanisms for redressing complaints.
However, what is appropriate as per the time and which is useful in making of the future, if we take pride in our great legacy of this kind then the world too will never hesitate in taking pride in that.
1. organization of youth exchange programmes;
Under all these options, private participation, however, is mandatory.
Prime Minister shared the resolve expressed by Secretary Tillerson on taking further steps in the direction of accelerating and strengthening the content, pace and scope of the bilateral engagement.
Over the next four, five, six weeks from today, this technology will be tested across the country to make it fool proof.
The Prime Minister mentioned the initiatives taken in the health sector, such as Mission Indradhanush, Jan Aushadhi Stores, and the Ayushman Bharat scheme.
He will attend the convocation of Visva Bharati University at Santi Niketan.
The proposal will add to improved connectivity to the State capital.
It is due to their hard work that Mann Ki Baat reaches maximum number of people.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the first extension of Concessional Financing Scheme(CFS) to support Indian Entities bidding for strategically important infrastructure projects abroad.
And, it has done it against challenges that would have defeated a lesser people.
He said that in the last three years, this situation has changed to quite an extent; and the faith of the people is being restored in the best of our heritage.
We have very old links of culture and religion.
You too will benefit from it.
President and I have also held detailed discussions on our shared vision for a stronger partnership in years ahead.
GST is a shining example of national integration and of fiscal federalism at its best.
Responding to a team that is working to create rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
We want to enhance the efficiency of villages and we are making efforts in this direction.
The Centre will provide assistance in areas of capacity building and training, knowledge sharing and exchange of information, and hence could represent a valuable resource for UNESCO and its Intergovernmental Oceanography Commission (IOC) by enhancing the impact and visibility of UNESCO’s action.
Both leaders attached importance to the security, stability, connectivity and sustainable development of Oceans and Seas in the context of developing the “blue economy”.
Thus, as a great sage, he questioned every facet of life.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment linkages, we have revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
Congress got Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar defeated not once but twice.
“I am told that most of the projects undertaking during the previous hackathon have been completed”, he added.
The poor and middle class in the country is benefitted most from these schemes.
The Prime Minister said this initiative would be taken forward and institutionalised in the best possible way.
The MoU will help in expanding knowledge and expertise in the areas of sports science, sports medicine and coaching techniques, which would result in improvement in performance of our sportspersons in international tournaments and strengthening of bilateral relations between India and Qatar.
We have to realise the importance of this responsibility of ours.
But, as I said earlier, as the Rainbow nation was born, we were also the first ones to extend the warm embrace of our friendship.
These will not only strengthen BRICS economies, but will also benefit the developing world.
You will have to decide on this.
Whenever we get a chance or whenever there is an opportunity we must try to know the experiences of our soldiers and listen to their tales of valour.
Many of our festivals are linked straightaway with farmers and fishermen.
Prime Minister recognised the contribution of grass-root health workers and thanked them for their efforts in building strong and healthy nation.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi visited Ranchi in Jharkhand on 17 February, 2019.
Agreement on mutual visa exemption for holders of diplomatic, Special, service and official passports
We will share knowledge and exchange best practices.
Ours is not an exclusive approach.
As we approach this milestone, President Atambayev’s visit to India will drive the process and our efforts of deepening our partnership.
The Agreement was signed in Riyadh on 2-3 April, 2016 during the visit of the Prime Minister to Saudi Arabia.
And, Malaya-Indians are the largest contingent to the annual Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas in India.
The Ordinance has extended the provisions of the Integrated Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 referred to as (IGST Act) to the State of Jammu & Kashmir.
He said women now have a greater opportunity to earn extra income, as time spent on cooking has been reduced.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, interacted informally this evening with Trade Ministers from Africa.
The target allocation between fresh trainings and RPL will be flexible and interchangeable depending on functional and operational requirements.
Skill training would be done based on industry led standards aligned to the National Skill Qualification Framework (NSQF).
Guru Nanak Dev said- Manav ki jat sabho ek pahchanbo (Identify all human being as one cast).
We have exceptionally good political and people-to-people relations with each and every country in the ASEAN region.
The Prime Minister welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
I once again thank you; the entire leadership present on your side, and the lovely people of Jaffna for this opportunity.
The Prime Minister said that resolution of issues related to the telecom sector should be based on latest technological solutions.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Tejaswini Sawant for the Gold in the women’s 50m Rifle 3 Positions event.
It highlights the vision of the makers of our Constitution.
“I bow to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on his Mahaparinirvan Diwas.
Banks are reaching out to them with credit.
The portal, which works on the theme “Self4Society”, will enable IT professionals and organizations to bring together their efforts towards social causes, and service to society, on one platform.
The Prime Minister appreciated the focused suggestions made by the CEOs.
My dear countrymen, I had mentioned in last month’s ‘Mann Ki Baat’ that even amidst these hardships our farmers toiled tirelessly and broke last year’s record in sowing.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation between the two countries.
Shrey Gupta has stressed the point that a healthy mind resides in a healthy body only.
India and Kenya have had a very special relationship.
Its share in global foreign direct investment is about forty percent.
The Prime Minister said an attempt should be made to give maximum opportunity to students to perform research at CSIR Laboratories.
He added that skill development and assured power supply were essential for the success of Make in India and ensuring employment.
The Asia-Pacific region has been a global leader in more ways than one.
This needs to be harnessed so that we become a nation of job-creators, rather than job seekers.
However, as I said, our aim is not mere reform, but “reform to transform”.
Project for the Construction of Mumbai-Ahmedabad High Speed Rail(II)
Diabetes is the master switch that triggers all other illnesses.
My dear countrymen, India is a land of saints.
“It’s a proud moment for everyone that today, all over the world; people are welcoming the brightness and warmth of the sun with Yoga.
This visit comes at a special moment when we mark fifty years of strong India-Singapore relations.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of leadership, soft skills and collective training.
In the 30s and 40s when only roads and railways were being talked about in India, Baba Saheb Ambedkar mentioned about ports and waterways.It was Dr. Baba Saheb who envisaged water power as ‘nation power’.
‘Suraja’ or Good Governance should be our collective responsibility.
Friends, Today’s India is doing nothing small.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of the Collaborative Agreement with French National Research Agency (ANR), France for supporting the Belmont Forum Secretariat from January, 2015 to December, 2017 at a total estimated expenditure of Euro 40,000.
Following the signing of a contract for long-term supply of uranium during Prime Minister’s visit to Canada in April 2015, the first consignment of uranium reached India in December 2015.
I thanked all the parties on that day.
The OM was approved by the Cabinet on 8th January 2019.
Let us kindle this spirit of friendship through sports in South Asian Games.
We may have no political mileage for now, but after 25 or 30 years how our city will be visible and what will be the expected water requirement, required schools and hospitals, estimated traffic flow and its management will have to be a part of our vision.
I have seen that the ordinary citizen has the determination to do anything, if it will lead to the country’s progress.
If we take into consideration the 29 states, the 7 Union Territories, the 7 taxes of the Centre and the 8 taxes of the states, and several different taxes for different commodities, the number of taxes sum up to a figure of 500!
The State Government presented the progress of works through drone imagery.
G20 must align itself with the SDGs.
Both sides affirmed the long-term and time-tested friendship between the two countries, the foundation of which was laid by the Fathers of the Nations, Mahatma Gandhi and President Ho Chi Minh and nurtured by successive generations of leaders and people of the two countries.
On digital connectivity, he mentioned that optical fibre connectivity had been provided for one lakh Panchayats so far, and added that three lakh Common Service Centres are now making the lives of people simpler.
This will also provide an additional, cheaper and environment friendly mode of transportation throughout the country.
Our history has references to women of remarkable talent and determination.
I have been saying that 21st Century is Asia’s Century.
I also deeply value your personal friendship, and your leadership in taking our bilateral relationship forward.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
It was suggested by the Supreme Court several years ago.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Myanmar for the conservation of earthquake-damaged pagodas at Bagan, Myanmar.
He said modern roads, clean trains and economical air travel, all contribute to ease of living for the middle class.
At a personal level too, I assure you of my full support whenever required.
They welcomed the 2015 report of the UN Group of Governmental Experts on international cyber security and looked forward to seeking broader agreement on principles guiding state behaviour in cyberspace.
I will share these videos with you so that we may do aasans and pranayam together.
(i) a full-time Chairperson;
And, with President Putin’s backing, we hope to fast track India’s association with Eurasian Economic Union Free Trade Agreement.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will launch the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY) at Ranchi, Jharkhand, on September 23, 2018.
Today I am also happy to dedicate 12 Post Office Passport Sewa Kendras in Tamil Nadu.
He said that the world needs to be convinced that developing countries are not enemies of environment.
1. Exchange of knowledge, technology, institutional cooperation includingcapacity building;
And I have seen that there are some countries in the world which have T.V. channels exclusively dedicated to Yoga 24 hours a day.
The special assistance will be provided by way of repayment of loan and interest for the Externally Aided Projects (EAPs) signed and disbursed during 2015-2016 to 2019-20 by the State.
You have such knowledge about India that if I talk about one thing then you will talk about ten things.
He said the Chief Minister has prepared a top quality roadmap on how Arunachal Pradesh should be in 2027.
5 lakh villages in 600 districts have freed themselves from defecation in open.
Be it the field of sports or space science, the women of our country lag behind none.
What I’m trying to infer is that in society, in the country, there are many who take on such roles.
We are the land of Mahatma Gandhi.
The sugarcane farmers are happy that ethanol production has tripled.
India is also the world’s biggest milk producer.
· This year, a national level Convocation will be held for candidates who successfully complete ITI courses, to recognize their success.
Mahatma Gandhi too, advocated this trusteeship philosophy.
This neighbour of ours which is in a state of economic despair
They decided to intensify consultation and coordination with each other, including on the Indo-Pacific Region.
India is grappling with diverse challenges.
· 3rd BRICS Ministers of Culture Meeting 2018 (Durban)
Bollywood films are also very popular in Korea.
They keep our skies safe and are at the forefront of serving humanity in times of disasters.
In their 55 years, sanitation coverage was around 38% and in our 55 months it is nearly 98%.
And by looking at this investment, it can be assumed that in the coming days people-to-people ties between India and Japan will grow further along with a growing business.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has announced an ex-gratia relief of Rs. 2 lakh each from PMNRF for the next of kin of those who lost their lives in the fire in Kollam.
He said that 87 reforms have been carried out in 21 sectors in this period.
The interaction will cover a wide range of issues and will surely be a memorable one.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and South Asian Cooperative Environment Programme (SACEP) for cooperation on the response to Oil and Chemical Pollution in the South Asian Seas Region.
‘Beti Bachao – Beti Padhao’ movement is moving forward with rapid strides.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
This cooperation will be mutually beneficial on economic, social and environmental fields in both countries.
This has been planned as an incubator for ideas, and a driver for innovation.
The policy also advocates financial and non-incentives for encouraging the private sector participation.
AGREEMENT/MOU
It will be such pleasant blend of Yesterday, today and tomorrow that it will lend a new dimension to Yoga.
Today, Kamakhya in Guwahati has been directly connected with Vaishno Devi in Katra, near Jammu.
Terrorist violence/militancy in the State of Jammu & Kashmir, particularly in its early phases (early 1990s), had led to large scale forced migration from the Kashmir Valley.
The Prime Minister said that the intentions (niyat) of the policy-makers are even more important than the policies (niti) themselves.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has strongly condemned the attack on Amarnath Yatris in Jammu and Kashmir.
The Prime Minister said that the NCC has completed seven glorious decades, and has given a sense of mission to several people.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
And look at the science, technology and capacity that water has been supplied from a distance of 470 kilometers.
That is why service to mankind has become their main motto.
We cannot miss similar opportunities today.
Located in Dah near village Datang, this project is a run-of–the-river scheme, by Jammu & Kashmir State Power Development Corporation Limited.PM will dedicate to the nation, 220 KV Srinagar- Alusteng – Drass- Kargil – Leh transmission system.
(i) Signed the first MOU (Memorandum of Understanding) between Ministry of Food Processing Industry (MoFPI) and a Japanese company (ISE Food) on 13 March 2018.
Be it any religion, caste or creed, tradition or colour in this world; the spirit of service is an invaluable hallmark of the highest human values.
The Prime Minister said that today, Indians are working towards creating a strong India, in line with Netaji’s vision.
The live and works of hundred of Indian Scientists are a compelling testament of integration of deep fundamental insights with technology development and nation building.
5. Keeping in mind the supply of new notes, in the first few days, there will be a limit of ten thousand rupees per day and twenty thousand rupees per week.
In fact, most of our Gods and Goddesses are associated with some animal, tree or river.
(6). Gold Metal Loan Account: A Gold Metal Loan Account, denominated in grams of gold, will be opened by the bank for jewellers.
During the interaction, Prime Minister talked about the importance of value addition and value chain approach.
प्रश्‍न – Dear honorable Prime Minister I am Anamitra Mahanta from Assam.
He will also lay the foundation stone of Anand-Godhra Railway Line Doubling Project.
(vii) IICA and Institute of Directors, London, UK; and
The Cabinet has also directed the Ministries/Departments concerned with these sectors to utilize the available draft sectoral plans to finalize and implement the Action Plans for the identified Champion Services Sectors.
It will enhance medical education opportunities to students of the two UTs.
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
My Dear Countrymen, Namaskar
We have said that we will not resort to retrospective taxation.
He said that after the implementation of the Jan Dhan Yojana, the entire population of the country will be connected to the banking system.
Globally, there is much talk of carbon taxes but much of it is just that – TALK.
The MoU was signed in February, 2019.
Some Yoga need bodily strength but Kriya Yoga requires self strength for some life time objectives.
We will reduce the emissions intensity of India’s GDP by twenty to twenty-five percent over 2005 levels by 2020.
This is not only highest ever FDI but also highest growth in FDI in India.
This figure is 36.8% higher than the previous year’s recorded data.
The two leaders’ vision for the Indo-Pacific is based on a rules-based order that respects sovereignty and territorial integrity of nations, ensures freedom of navigation and overflight as well as unimpeded lawful commerce, and seeks peaceful resolution of disputes with full respect for legal and diplomatic processes in accordance with the universally recognised principles of international law, including those reflected in the UNCLOS, without resorting to threat or use of force.
He entered into a dialogue with people and showed them the path of truth, sacrifice & dedication.
We observe ARMED FORCES FLAG DAY every year on 7th December.
Under Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme (CLSS), wherein housing for EWS / LIG / MIG beneficiaries is being sanctioned by the Banks / HFCs to the eligible beneficiaries under the PMAY(Urban), the responses have grown significantly.
Rehabilitation Fund created for the first time.
We all wish our contingent for the Rio 2016 Paralympics the very best.
• Mutual Legal Assistance on Criminal Matters
India a huge and emerging market.
Prime Ministers Cameron and Modi noted the deep and fruitful business relationship between the UK and India and welcomed the £9.2 Billion of commercial deals between the UK and India announced during the visit and listed in the annex.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has approved the protocol amending the agreement between India and Tajikistan for avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
He believed that our well-being lies in the development of India, the Prime Minister added.
Manufacturing of furniture has grown by 57 per cent, suggesting a pick-up in sales of flats and houses.
Yoga has attained worldwide recognition as a measure of preventive health care.
Just as our vision behind the Agenda 2030 is lofty, our goals are comprehensive.
She left us in the Columbia space shuttle mishap, but not without becoming a source of inspiration for millions of young people the world over”.
We are using technology to impart scale and speed to development.
The officers of central services are posted both at the Centre and in the states yet they work in unison for India.
Addressing the jawans, the Prime Minister, said that like everyone else, he too wishes to spend Diwali with his family.
Brothers and Sisters, regarding Jammu & Kashmir, the path shown by Atal Bihari Vajpayeeji is the right one.
In this context, he said that all concerned must fulfil, in accordance with the Constitution of India, whatever responsibilities have been assigned to them.
(i) Creation of 46 Posts to be operated as Reserves
· As many as fifty new mobile phone factories were set up in the country during past ten months.
In the coal sector, rationalization of coal linkages and movement yielded an annual saving of over Rs 2500 crore in 2016-17.
“Deeply saddened at the passing away of Selvi Jayalalithaa.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval for incurring an expenditure of Rs.3639.32 core for the 13 new Central Universities for recurring cost and creation of necessary infrastructure for completion of the campuses.
He said that these traits of self-belief and determination will help the students in times to come.
5. Exchange Programme of Personnel between KRRI & RDSO for limited period, for specific Projects;
It will provide enabling environment for enhanced and seamless connectivity while providing commercial opportunities to the carriers of both the sides ensuring greater safety and security.
In Chennai, you battled the fury of rain and the river to save lives.
Peace, unity and brotherhood is the right way forward.
From Maldives and Sri Lanka in the seas to Nepal and Bhutan in the mountains, we are working to safeguard our interests and our relationships.
Over 150 thousand post offices across India and 300,000 postal service employees are using technology to provide house to house banking.
As I argued at the Science Congress this morning, like traditional knowledge, science has also evolved through human experiences and exploration of Nature.
I say all this because, friends, today is National Science Day, the festival of science in this country.
Today I will go to the Anand Temple in the Bagan.
The Prime Minister said that regional imbalances should not be allowed to increase indefinitely.
Recently, we had the ASEAN India Summit celebrating 25 years of our partnership.
He said we must make a conscious effort to preserve our unity.
modernising R&D laboratory of DGMS.
This would reduce corruption in the Transport Department while improving the road worthiness of the vehicle.
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong,
You must all avail this sale.
He also interacted briefly with students.
It would focus on cyber security, counter terrorism, combating drugs, narcotics, human trafficking and money laundering.
I am happy that in a very short span of time all these schemes have been accepted in large numbers.
You can join the interaction via the ‘Narendra Modi Mobile App’ or @DDNewsLive.
India shares ASEAN’s vision of peace and prosperity through a rules-based order for the oceans and seas.
It has been approved for a period of 5 years from the date of signing the MoU and shall be extended for a further period of 5 years on the condition that are not further changes and or revision.
He said that recently, he dedicated the National War Memorial, or Rashtriya Samar Smaarak, to the nation.
In September, during the Rohingya crisis in Bangladesh, our naval ship INS GHADIYAL delivered humanitarian assistance there.
Entire global community is very much optimistic about the Indian economy.
Selected through Engineering Services examination conducted by Union Public Service Commission, the officers of ITS are working in management and administrative positions in the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) and its PSUs (BSNL, MTNL and TCIL), Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), Telecom Dispute Settlement Administrative Tribunal (TDSAT), and also in other Central Ministries/ Departments/ Autonomous Bodies and State governments on deputation.
Recently, the Chandigarh administration declared the city a kerosene-free zone.
3. Customization, organization of joint manufacture and implementation of a competitive signaling and interlocking system;
PM visits Jaguar Land Rover manufacturing unit
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, received a telephone call today from the President of the World Bank, Mr. Jim Yong Kim.
This was followed by an Air ASW exercise between JMSDF P-1 and Indian Navy P-8I in May 2018 off Goa.
The Dutch expertise in areas such as water and waste management, agriculture and food processing, renewable energy and ports and shipping, matches with our development needs.
ii. Encouraging the exchange of experts in the field of Mass Media
With the objective of conservation and protection of the coastal environment, Ministry of Environment and Forest and Climate Change notified the Coastal Regulation Zone Notification in 1991, which was subsequently revised in 2011.
Prime Minister has assured all possible support from Center to the Government of Maharashtra in mitigating the situation due to heavy rains in parts of the state.
Under Bharatmala a detailed project report for Mumbai Kanyakumari Corridor is under preparation.
Therefore, a mass rapid transport system is essential to address the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
I compliment the World Bank for engaging with countries to improve ease of doing business across the world.
“I consider myself fortunate to be present at this celebration of the 125th anniversary of the address by Swami Vivekanand in Chicago.
By becoming a member of the IEA-OES, India will have access to advanced R&D teams and technologies across the world.
Back in 2014, I had enjoyed attending the Global Citizen Festival in the beautiful Central Park of New York.
The Prime Minister also unveiled the statue of Dr. MG Ramachandran at Dr. MGR Janaki College of Arts & Science for Women, Chennai through video link.
Annual list of beneficiaries will be identified from the total list through participatory process by the Gram Sabha.
It will save the efforts of our mothers and sisters to fetch water from far off places and drinking water would be provided through piped connection to every house.
He also recalled their meeting in Pune in 2013.
I have mandated my Cabinet colleagues to regularly visit the region and take stock of schemes for their effective implementation.
The Framework Agreement was signed and exchanged t Jakarta on May 30, 2018.
It is important from environmental point of view and it is made in a poor man’s home.
The plan aims to make India disaster resilient and reduce loss of lives
You have so far not taken these along with you so I request you all to do so and see it will help a lot in your working.
11. Safety of production, transformation, distribution and food delivery;
PM will distribute Electric Chaak, Solar Charkha and Honey Warp and Cheque to beneficiaries.
Prime Minister Modi also conveyed a sense of concern being felt in India over the recent brutal killing of Mr. Manmeet Alisher, a person of Indian origin, in Australia.
We are investing in supercritical technology in thermal plants.
Neither do they have land nor the money.
The Prime Minister said festivals are a reflection of our collective strength, socio cultural values and rich cultural traditions.
He said the country is indebted to Baba Saheb, for his contributions to nation-building.
The Prime Minister congratulated the award winners for their achievements.
I applaud that vision.
The above proposals will result in the following benefits:
Similarly methodologies for use of coal by company owning CGS for use of coal in their own plants or any other efficient plants shall also be issued by Central Electricity Authority.
Not only has water been saved, the quality of water has also vastly improved with the water level increasing.
The soldier was airlifted from the glacier and admitted to the Army R&R Hospital in New Delhi earlier today.
Music and Dance, Theatre, Exhibitions, Seminars and Conference, Archeology, Archives, Library, Museums, Literature, Research and Documentation etc
The leadership of President Macri was important for the successful hosting of the Summit.
• Because it is a measure of the quality of our public policies;
It will enable better matching of candidates from labour surplus areas with jobs in other regions.
Speaking on the Punchhi Commission’s recommendations, the Prime Minister said that the deliberations today marked a good beginning.
Several events have been organized in the run up to the Independence Day while activities have been lined up for the day and subsequently to generate the patriotic fervor among the people.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will address the global celebrations of World Environment Day 2018at New Delhi tomorrow.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
Reaffirming the imperative of making regional cooperation under BIMSTEC effective, we remain committed to hold Meetings of all BIMSTEC mechanisms in a timely and regular manner at the designated level.
Recalling his promise of delivering One-Rank, One-Pension for the armed forces personnel, the Prime Minister said the Union Government had fulfilled this promise, with the announcement made yesterday.
We have a shared interest in stable, prosperous and integrated South Asia, drawn together in a shared march to prosperity.
I experienced the strength of American innovation and enterprise that provide the foundation of American success.
I am pleased to announce that we have decided to provide gratis visa to the nationals of Pacific Island countries.
India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
Species belonging to the animal kingdom, usually do not act to their disadvantage.
Arunachal Pradesh Government had identified a suitable portion of land measuring 5.99 acres within the campus of SSB at Tawang for construction of Mega Festival-cum-multipurpose ground with parking facilities (4,73 acres) and construction of ring road (1.26 acres).
Referring to the recently announced crop insurance scheme, Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, the Prime Minister said the scheme had instilled confidence among farmers, and efforts should be made to increase coverage of insurance.
We have also launched nation-wide programmes for the prevention and control of non communicable diseases.
Sahastrakund Eklavya Model Residential School inaugurated by PM
The proposal seeks to advance the goals on equity, public accountability and innovation.
Your desire to connect with the lands of your forefathers may be an emotional urge.
We all have to pay a memorable tribute to Bapu and have to take the country to newer heights by drawing inspiration from Bapu.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved establishment of additional 6.5 Million Metric Tonne (MMT) Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) facilities at two locations, i.e. Chandikhol in Odisha and Padur in Karnataka, including construction of dedicated SPMs (Single Point Mooring) for the two SPRs.
He said the Union Government is moving forward through Policy Driven Governance and Predictable Transparent Policies.
Also, the government has been developing more than 110 waterways in the country.
In this context, it was decided to convene within this year the meeting of the India-Iran Joint Commission and all its Working Groups, Foreign Office Consultations, dialogue between defense and National Security Council structures of the two countries, Policy Planning dialogue, and topromote Parliamentary exchanges.
Reading can help broaden one’s thinking.
He said that the deficit of quality in education can be bridged through technology.
This is a game that is played across villages and cities.
The Prime Minister addressed the Malaysian-Indian Community.
All of us harbour a lot of hopes and expectations, but keeping the morale of our sports contingent at RIO high is also the solemn duty of us 1.25 billion countrymen.
Today, I had the opportunity to unveil the statue of Sai Baba.
A glimpse of his life span reflects a glimpse of the entire India.
A Group of Secretaries to the Government of India, today presented ideas on “agriculture and allied sectors,” to the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
This very month, 20 year old Vedangi Kulkarni from Pune became the fastest Asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle.
The Prime Minister complimented IDFC for its successful journey of 18 years so far, and said that it was now embarking on a more challenging role, as it expands into banking, especially in the rural areas.
We appreciate the compelling logic of regional connectivity for peace, progress and prosperity.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the 21st century, the youth will take India to new heights.
The Joint Statement issued at the end of the meeting stated: “The G-4 leaders stressed that a more representative, legitimate and effective Security Council is needed more than ever to address the global conflicts and crises, which had spiralled in recent years.
The revised policy will cover allotment of Defence land on lease and grant of permission in Defence areas and Cantonments to Access Service Licensees and Companies registered with DoT as IP-I for setting up shared communication towers and allied infrastructure.
The policy assigns specific quantitative targets aimed at reduction of disease prevalence/incidence, for health status and programme impact, health system performance and system strengthening.
(ii) First kick-off meeting was held on 15 June 2018 in Karnal and discussed the cooperation on (a) development of low-cost subsurface drainage and irrigation technology in salt-affected fields for sustainable agricultural production, and (b) development of regionally-adopted salt-tolerant crop.
Noting the people’s aspirations for development, the Prime Minister said good roads were one of the first pre-requisites for development.
This exchange is part of the International Financial Services Centre, – IFSC – at Gift city.
By the press of button, PM will unveil plaques to:
Because, the economic and social well being of the people of Sri Lanka is linked with that of 1.25 billion Indians.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of Patna Metro Rail Project which will give a boost to transport connectivity and add to ease of living for the people of Patna and adjoining areas.
Memorandum of Understanding for Establishing Mutual Cooperation to Improve the Ecosystem for Agribusiness
Seven thematic groups made presentations on the following subjects:
He said digital connectivity is essential in villages.
We want the conviction of the world to be matched by efforts to create conditions in which we can succeed.
Belgian businesses can make their global supply chains more cost effective by manufacturing in India.
This would ultimately result in improvement in overall quality of teachers, teaching processes and consequently learning outcomes of children.
It is also expected to generate wider participation of interested people who are motivated to work for the benefit of society.
Till now 66 lakh people have received 42,000 crore rupees through Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana.
India is also the second largest investor here.
We have reduced the deficit even while increasing capital expenditure.
He said that the history of human civilisation illustrates the vitality of rivers and maritime trade.
I have invited Prime Minister Michel to visit India with Belgian businesses to see first-hand the reality of India’s economic and political promise.
Technology is bringing about accountability and transparency, he said.
He said India has the opportunity to play a key global role.
Indian companies have invested over US$ 54 billion in Africa.
He is among the best orators our nation has produced, the Prime Minister added.
When a poor person used to approach the shop with his ration card and request grain, the shopkeeper would say that the stock was over.
More than 24000 lost their lives and nearly half of that went missing.
A commemorative postage stamp was released to mark the occasion.
I am told that most of the Siddi community that resides in parts of India is known to trace its ancestry to Mozambique.
Creating a Healthier World: by cooperating in research and development to eradicate diseases, and enabling affordable healthcare for all; 8.
We will need sound policies to achieve our goals, but we will rely on science and technology to provide creative solutions.
The National Institute of Fashion Technology has a network of sixteen professionally managed campuses.
He expressed the hope that the experience and knowledge of the retiring members would continue to be beneficial for the nation.
“The martyrdom of Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev was a watershed moment in our history.
He will distribute appreciation letters to five Women Self Help Groups.
In the ports sector, traffic volume in major ports increased by 17 percent in the period between 2014 and 2018.
Remittances are a key source of income for households and support for the economy in developing countries.
I have chosen the third way out and that is the path of placing trust and confidence in the people and the masses.
Buddhism and its various strandsare deep seated in our governance, cultureand philosophy.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted informally with national awardee teachers, on the eve of Teachers’ Day.
The three leaders exchanged views on expanding mutual cooperation in international forums, and to encourage greater interaction among the three countries.
22. With UK’s leadership in financial technology and international finance, promising opportunities can be harnessed by our enterprises in this mission.
Details are as follows:
I am delighted to be here with you all at the India-South Africa Business Forum.
UN Reform, civil nuclear cooperation, and cooperation in space and agricultural research also came up for discussion.
The Prime Minister regretted that it had become a fashion to politicize every decision taken by the Union Government for the progress of the country.
He mentioned petroleum, renewable energy, infrastructure, and defence manufacturing, as possible areas for Saudi investment.
May we all be Protected.
We have also introduced a provision under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act for restitution of assets.
South Africa transformed Mohandas into a Mahatma.
Today I felt like sharing it, since I thought that it has been three years, and events & incidents over those three years ran across my mind.
India’s ranking is now up by 111 places on ‘Getting Electricity’ parameter of World Bank.
• A transformation of governance cannot happen without a transformation in mindset.
To give you some examples, we are bringing a shift:
No community is shaping our world as much as the one on this Californian Coast.
Prime Minister Modi met the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Mr. David Cameron.
Mr. Tobgay reiterated Bhutan’s support for India’s permanent membership of the United Nations Security Council.
Lay foundation stone of 3 Model Degree Colleges in J&K, at Kishtwar, Kupwara and Baramulla
Macro-economic stability is good.
This greatly improves labour mobility and makes life easier for employers and employees.
Our development and business partnerships are already doing well.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has been designated as the Central Authority under Article 15 of the Convention.
The Prophet Saab said, “feeding a poor and needy and meeting everyone cordially, whether you know him or not!”
In particular, the centre of gravity of global opportunities and challenges are shifting to the Pacific and Indian Ocean Region.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) and the Federal Insurance Office, USA.
Today, both Kenya and India are flourishing democracies.
3. Quality, Equity and Dignity (QED) in Services (India & Cambodia);
Excellencies and Friends,
The very first sentence is “Asia is one.”
Fully sensitive to some of the difficulties the common citizens may face in the coming days, the Prime Minister has announced a series of steps that will help overcome the potential problems.
Prime Minister Modi announced the Government of India’s intention to launch the first government-backed rupee bond in London.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the All India Institute of Ayurveda, in New Delhi, to the nation.
We say- sahnavastu-sah nau bhunaktu…all are nourished, all are having power, no one has enmity to anyone.
The South Asia region is very vulnerable to illegal traffic and wildlife crimes due to presence of precious biodiversity and large markets as well as traffic routes for wildlife products in the south East Asian region.
The draft Agreement takes care of Indian Customs’ concerns and requirements, particularly in the area of exchange of information on the correctness of the Customs value declared, the authenticity of certificates of origin of goods and the description of the goods traded between the two countries.
The Cabinet also approved formation of an IIM Jammu Society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860.
The invention of zero, foundation of this binary system happened with Aryabhatta’s work in India.
There would not be a single person in your family who might have asked that family doctor as to how many marks did he score while passing his exam.
“We strongly condemn the terror attacks in Afghanistan yesterday.
It has now been decided to do away with this restriction and allow foreign airlines to invest up to 49% under approval route in Air India subject to the conditions that:
“A very Happy New Year to Chinese friends around the world.
However, this can only happen because all of us are committed to democracy.
It is our endeavour to see that these petrochemicals are manufactured in India itself.”
Congratulations on a historic milestone – the birth of the ASEAN Community.
The Prime Minister met the participants of “Hammar Chhattisgarh Yojana.”
Areas covered in the Policy:
We need to simultaneously facilitate a vibrant ecosystem for alternate dispute resolution, including arbitration, mediation and conciliation.
The Prime Minister said that on matters related to governance, a lot has been done which has given strength to the common man.
PM visited the iconic Dal Lake and inspected the facilities there.
This is to ensure the fruits of development accrue not to a few, not to many but to all Indians.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Rashtrakavi Ramdhari Singh Dinkar, on his birth anniversary.
That is natural climate justice.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for extending the validity of the existing Central Order in respect of Sugar for a further period of six months from 29.10.2016 to 28.04.2017.
PM addressed and honoured them.
The Institute coupled with opening of IIT at Jammu, modernization of NIT Srinagar and opening of two new AIIMS institutions, one each in Kashmir region and Jammu region, would go a long way in meeting the requirement of high quality living and education in Jammu & Kashmir.
In respect of employees who are absorbed in BSNL, the liability on account of pensionary benefits shall be fully borne by Government while BSNL will continue to discharge pension liability by way of pension contribution in accordance with FR-116 for the period they so work/worked.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and Financial Services Regulatory Authority (FSRA), Abu Dhabi for mutual co-operation and technical assistance between the two regulators.
9. We welcome the hosting of the BRICS-Africa Outreach and second BRICS Plus Cooperation with Emerging Markets and Developing Countries (EMDCs) during the Johannesburg Summit.
He explained the various measures undertaken by the State Government, including desilting, construction of farm ponds, steps towards drip irrigation, and ensuring adequate drinking water supply.
The new scheme ‘Ayushman Bharat’, presented in the budget, will address this serious concern.
The Prime Minister noted that Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan has led to a decrease in cases of diseases such as diarrhoea.
He added that Indian nurses, present in large numbers in the Gulf, are a testament to our well-trained manpower.
An independent, dedicated tower company of BSNL with a focused approach will lead to increasing of external tenancies and consequentially higher revenue for the new company.
And it is also noteworthy that owing to its guarantee of success with lesser cost, ISRO has carved its special place in the world.
Reiterating that relations between India and Russia are strong, the Prime Minister said that the whole world will read the St. Petersburg Declaration carefully, to understand this relationship, and see how we move forward.
Energy is a key driver of economic growth.
“On the special occasion of their Statehood Day, greetings to the people of Meghalaya.
The project is expected to generate substantial direct and indirect employment and overall development of District Bulandshahr and nearby districts of Western Uttar Pradesh.
21 mandis from 8 States have joined e-NAM from today.
He had previously served with many Chief Ministers of Gujarat.
He said that the ‘Prime Minister’s Science, Technology and Innovation Advisory Council’ will help formulate appropriate Science and Technology interventions, catalyze collaborations across stakeholder Ministries and implement multi-stakeholder policy initiatives.
A few may even have been attending it since inception.
Brothers and sisters, we are the inheritors of the rich heritage of our ancient legacy of Vedas.
• Nation will not gain anything by standing with those who have plundered the nation.
They are making efforts and are engrossed as per their intellect, capacity, ability and circumstances so that something good must happen.
During the interaction, the players talked about the experience and exposure that they gained during FIFA, both on and off the field.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri Trivendra Singh Rawat on taking oath as Chief Minister of Uttarakhand.
Underlining the importance of safeguarding the interests of the unorganised sector, he said PM Shram Yogi Man Dhan Yojana will be of great help.
The benefits arising from bilateral exchange programmes in the field of Youth and Sports would be equally available to all youth irrespective of their caste, religion and gender.
Praising and thanking the Prime Minister for the Ujjwala Yojana, some of the beneficiaries also took the opportunity to discuss other specific development challenges in their respective areas.
I want to humbly submit that the sale of khadi products since independence has doubled.
In his book, ‘Ideals of the East’ by Okakura, the manuscripts were edited by Sister Nivedita, the foremost western disciple of Swami Vivekananda.
I hope that you will take this forward.
Now also in the year of Women.
As we work together for prosperity, we have stood together for peace.
This is what is called the seeds of success inherent in failures.
Wherever you go, share your experiences, share photographs.
We are all aware of the strengths of the Swiss economy.
The areas of cooperation under this Memorandum of Cooperation shall include:
Noting that New India requires new and smart infrastructure, the Prime Minister said that the Union Government is working on roads, railways, highways, airways, waterways and i-ways.
He said that for both the Union Government and State Government of Uttar Pradesh, the nation and its people are paramount.
– Maximum empowerment for our poor.
It beseems to call you the sages of economic world.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for placing the new Instrument adopted by International Labour Organization (ILO) Recommendation concerning “The Employment and Decent Work for Peace and Resilience (No.-205)” before the Parliament.
India supports initiatives to develop the existing port and transport infrastructure and connecting it through road and rail network to Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Central Asia.
The whole exercise would be undertaken by IWAI through appointment of lead managers and coordination with SEBI.
Cooperation to understand how traditional knowledge is protected; and the exchange of best practices, including traditional knowledge related data bases and awareness raising of existing IP systems;
The Prime Minister said that India is fully committed to support the Government and the people of Nepal in the post-earthquake reconstruction efforts.
Members of the delegation strongly called for the development of Mumbai as the global entertainment capital, through various initiatives and proactive approaches.
They expressed satisfaction over the deep trust, mutual respect and goodwill that characterizes relations between India and Russia.
The Maldives is one of the very few countries with which India has a visa free arrangement.
The consensus on globalization and free trade is fraying, but the Asian story continues to be a positive one.
Shri Awanish Kumar Awasthi, Additional Chief Secretary and DG, Tourism, Govt. of U.P.
The Indian national movement showed other Asian countries that freedom from colonial rule could be achieved without violence.
The Prime Minister inaugurated air services between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
Today is indeed a red letter day in the history of the North-East.
Following is the text of Prime Minister’s address:
Its streets and parks tell stories of great valour and immense sacrifice.
(8). Tenor: The tenor of the GML at present is 180 days.
In this context, I welcome the Agreement concluded today on mobility of young scientists and researchers.
He offered Sangh Dana.
A delegation of members of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha led by Lok Sabha MP from Darjeeling, Shri S. S. Ahluwalia called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Foundation Conference of BRICS Centre for Materials Science and Nanotechnology 109.
This is a world in which you don’t grow by extracting resources, but by spreading an idea.
Of these, the highest level of production in any of these three years would be taken as the level.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC) between India and Japan for cooperation in the Postal field.
This is the foundation of India’s faith in multilateralism and regionalism; and, of our principled commitment to rule of law.
And I am the first Prime Minister of this nation who was born in free India.
Among the global economic schools of thought, there is also the one which maintains that financial inclusion doesn’t always bring positive results and due to that the system has to bear the pressure of poverty.
It is an acknowledgement of the financial revolution sweeping through India and transforming the lives of 1.3 billion people.
Loans of up to 9 lakh rupees taken in 2017, will receive interest subvention of 4 per cent.
The Prime Minister said a team of young officers from across States should now deliberate and learn from these best practices, by visiting each State.
The core functions of FIU-IND in relation to foreign FIUs include screening and processing requests from foreign Financial Intelligence Units (FIUs), disseminating information to foreign FIUs, establishing and maintaining relationship with foreign FIUs, and facilitating, administering and negotiating MoUs with foreign FIUs.
Best wishes to the Tamil people on the special occasion of Puthandu.
Prime Minister expressed deep appreciated for the vision of the UAE’s leadership in transforming the country by harnessing the possibilities of human spirit, innovation and science.
Friends, I have a firm belief that whenever you bought a new car, you won’t have purchased it under compulsion.
But for me the visit to South Africa was more like a pilgrimage.
Acknowledgingtheneed to maintain maritime safety and security for peace, stability and sustainable economic growth and development in the maritime waters of the Indo-Pacific region as enshrined by UNCLOS and relevant international laws;
(ii) Waivers of Govt. of India loans and interest amounting to Rs. 307.23 crores (principal amount of Rs. 186.96 crore and interest approximately Rs. 120.27 crore thereon calculated as on 30.9.2017) and deferment of various dues amounting to Rs. 128.68 crores.
Brothers and Sisters, our Government has been making efforts to reach out to people at the last mile of development.
India was the first country to contribute a Female Formed Police Unit to UN Mission in Liberia.
I am happy to learn that His Excellency Prime MinisterWickeremesinghewill be visiting India in early August.
Vasant, that is Spring, is acknowledged as the best of seasons.
Shri Pushpa Kamal Dahal ‘Prachanda’, former Prime Minister of Nepal and Co-Chairman, Nepal Communist Party, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
As a nation, India’s villages, poor, farmers, youth, educated and uneducated men and women, have all displayed infinite patience and people power.
With these words, Excellency, I once again welcome you and your delegation to India.
The Prime Minister flagged off the Kalam Sandesh Vahini, an exhibition bus which shall travel across various States of the country and reach Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on October 15, which marks the birth anniversary of the former President.
The MoU aims at enhancing collaboration between the two sides in promoting best practices in the administration of contractual employment, reflects the latest reforms in recruitment processes and enhances the protection and welfare of Indian workers in Jordan.
I welcome you all to the Global Mobility Summit.
• our women empowered;
The Treaty will result in increase of investment flows between the two countries.
There cannot be a better means to inculcate a spirit of reverence for nature.
i. facilitate recognition of Indian Accountancy Professionals with local Accountancy qualification in addition to existing ICAI qualification, which will increase their professional avenues in South African markets.
Singapore has done more than just lift a nation into the highest levels of prosperity within a generation.
Prime Minister also appreciated UK’s consistent support to India in various global fora.
I sincerely acknowledge the role of our agricultural scientists, cultivators and farmers in successfully steering the green revolution across decades.
Going further, I want to assure you that India is committed to protect Intellectual Property Rights of all innovators.
The farmers in Eastern India will benefit in particular, besides those in South Asian and African countries.
The Prime Minister said that the three books released today gave an insight into various aspects of Rashtrapati Bhavan, including its history, and the life and activities of its residents.
Ten, Just as India and Africa fought colonial rule together, we will work together for a just, representative and democratic global order that has a voice and a role for one-third of humanity that lives in Africa and India.
It also brings a spirit of openness and powers us with the capability to accept others.
The proposed Agreement provides for cooperation in various fields of agriculture and food Industry.
The MoUs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
Increasing urbanization, and a growing middle class, are resulting in an ever-growing demand for wholesome, processed food.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Jordan on Cooperation in the Field of Manpower.
j] Getting credit
Mr. Alexander Braverman, Director General , Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation
Earlier, because of the multiple tax structures, maximum resources of the transport and logistics sector were expended in maintaining paperwork and that also led to the need for construction of new warehouses in each state.
Strengthening the existing naval cooperation including the bilateral Coordinated Patrols initiated in 2002 between the Navies of the two countries and commencement of regular bilateral naval exercises.
Giving the example of value addition in agriculture, the Prime Minister said a multi-pronged approach is essential for achieving desired objectives such as doubling of agriculture incomes.
In Haryana, he unveiled the Statue of Sir Chhotu Ram, a great social reformer.
India is working on e-mobility.
India’s desire is to see an economically prosperous Sri Lanka.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play a key role in the dissemination of Dr. Ambedkar’s teachings and vision.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has announced an ex-gratia relief of Rs. 2 lakhs each, from the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund, for the next of kin of those who lost their lives in the floods dues to heavy rains in Tamil Nadu.
Without sports, there cannot be any sportsman spirit.
Even our scriptures value the importance of daughter in the following way:
These challenges include: Availability of excellent quality and globally recognized arbitrators; Observance of professional conduct, ensuring neutrality, and timely completion of proceedings; and, Cost effective arbitration proceedings.
It is a great honour and privilege to help launch a movement which should be the dream of every citizen of India, he added.
So, in agriculture, even as we seek to make our farms yield more, reduce the intensity of our water use, or increase the nutrient content of our farm output,
Thank you very much.
India is also rapidly progressing on the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index and Global Competitiveness Index.
I especially welcome you in this historic city of Jaipur.
He encouraged States to boost “Ease of Doing Business.”
Finally, we must invest in creating skills for the future.
My dear brothers and sisters,
Energy is a basic human need.
The proposal seeks to provide technical support to the Ministry of Panchayati Raj in strengthening capacities of governance institutions including Panchayati Raj Institutions(PRIs) to better leverage opportunities created for gender equality through legislation, policies and programmes.
We not only have a growing number of innovative entrepreneurs, but also a growing market for tech innovation.
the 1.25 billion people of India will always be on your side.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Indian Badminton Player Kidambi Srikanth, on winning Australian Open Super Series.
It has revealed to the entire world that India is the land of great scientists and with a strong leadership, India can reach loftier destinations and earn new laurels.
Keep at it, do not give up, and you will succeed.
The Sides agreed to converge their efforts to eradicate terrorist networks, their sources of financing, arms and fighters supply channels, to counter terrorist ideology, propaganda and recruitment.
It was from here, that the great Indian Sage Adi Shankar embarked on his epic journeys across India to protect the Indian civilization and unify the country.
No one kneeling in prayer in a mosque should be killed in the name of religion.
Shri Dave was a river conservationist, environmentalist and social worker.
India is the third largest source of Foreign Direct Investment projects in the United Kingdom.
The Prime Minister said that the infrastructure sector is progressing rapidly.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval for implementation of umbrella scheme of “Modernisation of Police Forces (MPF)” for years 2017-18 to 2019-20.
An All India toll-free phone 1800-1200-232 has also been activated for this purpose.
• Develop proliferation-resistant nuclear energy technology.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, 81 per cent of the targeted habitations numbering about 1.45 lakh have so far been connected.
It will increase the availability of doctors and enhance medical education opportunities to students.
But Shalya mentality goes on.
It is the people of India.
Exactly 100 years ago, in 1917, Mahatma Gandhi initiated a Satyagraha in Champaran.
I have to take an exam tomorrow.
I am thankful for President Temer’s positive consideration.
He will launch the Van Dhan Yojana, which aims at empowering tribal communities.
I begin by paying homage to respected Amma, Jayalalithaa Ji.
Our growing engagement with Africa has led to the African Development Bank holding its Annual Meeting outside Africa for the first time, in India earlier this year.
I had urged all the Directors General of Police during their 2014 Annual Conference held in Guwahati to broad base police recruitment.
The Union Government has so far released over two thousand crore rupees for Kochi Metro.
He also mentioned the abolition of interviews for Group C and D positions in the Union Government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a book release function at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The hall mark of our strategy now is Policy driven Governance.
Lokmanya Tilak ji started this great tradition, and this year marks the 125th anniversary of community Ganesh festival.
But more than a billion people across the globe still do not have access to electricity.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
In this context, he mentioned the MyGov citizen engagement platform.
Malaysian companies are participating in many of our infrastructure projects across different states in India.
He said that in our existing budget calendar, the authorization of expenditure comes with the onset of the monsoon.
“Sir VS Naipaul will be remembered for his extensive works, which covered diverse subjects ranging from history, culture, colonialism, politics and more.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Mr. Dileep Padgaonkar.
He said that from a time of “policy paralysis”, India had moved to “Reform, Perform, Transform.”
Capital expenditure on Railway and Road infrastructure has been hiked substantially in the budget.The Comprehensive package on digital economy will curb the tax evasion and check the circulation of black money.
We have launched the Ujjwala programme to provide fifty million families with access to cooking gas.
They also reiterated an abiding faith in, and commitment to democracy, development and peaceful co-existence.
You should move forward and thus should the country move ahead.
The Prime Minister urged the women legislators to engage with their constituents using technology.
Because if the treatment is abandoned halfway, it would benefit the bacteria.
We are seeking the full cooperation of all the states through which Ganga flows.
We have to fight social evils together.
He mentioned in particular, sectors such as infrastructure, renewable energy, food processing, auto, chemicals and textiles.
I share Prime Minister’s belief that our trade and investment relations can be scaled up significantly.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding signed between Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and United States Geological Survey (USGS) for Cooperation in the exchange and use of U.S. Land Remote Sensing Satellite Data.
At a time when major powers are reducing their forces and rely more on technology, we are still constantly seeking to expand the size of our forces.
• The Leaders highlighted the importance of food security for the peoples of both countries and agreed to work together towards concrete actions in this area.
We have increased collaboration on coastal surveillance, white shipping information and fighting non-traditional threats like piracy, smuggling and organized crime.
This will ensure that our youth get high-end training exposure to the best of science and technology to make them job-ready in a competitive world.
India has over 460 million internet users and 1.2 billion mobile phones in use.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed joy, on PM Ujjwala Yojana beneficiaries crossing 2 crore in number in less than a year.
In his death, the country has lost a veteran and distinguished leader, affectionately called “Kalaignar”.
Many more lie ahead.
We reiterate our commitment to sustainable agriculture and food security and agree to deepen cooperation in the Agriculture Sector, including crops, livestock and horticulture as well as to intensified cooperative efforts towards increased productivity and yields of agricultural produce in the region.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the exchange of tariff concessions, on Margin of Preference basis, under the Fourth Round of Negotiations under the Asia Pacific Trade Agreement and related amendments.
The new proposal would enhance the relief being provided to the migrants of the hilly areas of Jammu division at par with the Kashmiri migrants i.e. a cash relief of Rs.2500 per head per month (maximum Rs.10000 per family per month) plus relief for ration/fodder.
· It is envisaged that IICA will be an Institute of National importance thereby becoming an engine of growth leading to increased economic activity.
India and The Maldives share a strong partnership rooted in history, strong bonds between our peoples, and their shared aspiration for peace and prosperity.
In India, our measures include not just a plan to add 175 GW of renewable energy by 2022, but a development strategy that will enable us to transition to a more sustainable energy mix.
He also congratulated the Prime Minister on the upcoming third anniversary of the formation of the Union Government.
We are also starting operations on hundreds of new air routes.
Currently, the Force is providing security cover to 336 Industrial Undertaking (including 59 Airports) spread all over the country.
They are also active participants in the prosperity and progress of their host countries.
This event will show-case different aspects of the progress that we have made.
We have, therefore, prioritized completion of India-Myanmar-Thailand Trilateral highway; and early signing of the Motor Vehicles Agreement between our three countries.
“I salute our air force personnel on Air Force Day.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today gave its approval for transfer of 21.93 acre of land belonging to the Central Tobacco Research Institute (CTRI), Rajahmundry to the Acharya N.G. Ranga Agricultural University, Hyderabad on a long lease basis for a period of 50 years for establishment of an Agriculture College at Rajahmundry.
Exploring the convergences and complementarities in the region between India’s Act East Policy and Security and Growth for all in the Region (SAGAR), and Indonesian Ocean Policy and Indonesia’s Global Maritime Fulcrum Vision, while reaffirming the importance of the ASEAN centrality and unity;
I appreciate the hardwork of our media, especially the reporters and camerapersons, who tirelessly work on the ground and bring forth various news that shapes national as well as global discourse.
Department of Investment and Public Asset Management has been authorized under the provisions of sub-section 7 of section 8A of the Enemy Property Act, 1968, to sell the same.
And we know that over the last few years, ISRO has accomplished various unprecedented missions with flying colours.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired a high-level meeting to review progress with regard to “Ease of Doing Business.”
IRCON is contributing to development of rail infrastructure here.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the creation of a Credit Guarantee Fund for Micro Units Development Refinance Agency (MUDRA) loans and to convert MUDRA Ltd. into MUDRA Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) Bank as a wholly owned subsidiary of SIDBI.
And, across cultures and geography, people are increasingly taking to yoga to redefine their lives – to find oneness between their inner self and outer world; between their existence and their environment.
As a society, we have always favoured needs of many over the want of one.And, preferred partnerships over polarization.
And, we have introduced tax free bonds for renewable energy.
And its conduct must be equally, above board.
The MoC seeks to improve postal services and cooperation in the postal field between the two countries.
In a country with 22 official languages, it is a formidable, but an important task.
Prime Minister welcomed the Congressional Representatives to India.
He noted that both Daman and Diu, and Dadra and Nagar Haveli have been declared open defecation free.
Khadi Gramodyog revived its training centre at Pampore in Kashmir and in this sector Kashmir has so much to offer.
Even while cutting the fiscal deficit, we have substantially increased productive public investment.
The Prime Minister noted that digital technology is playing a key role in making the lives of the common man simpler, including through faster and more transparent service delivery.
The processing of physical petitions and online petitions has been segregated and an “Electronic Mail Management System” has been introduced resulting in reduction of time in the processing of public petitions from one month to one day.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Maldives will make an official visit to India on the 26th of November to hold further discussions and to prepare for the forthcoming State Visit of President Solih to India.
True to its name, they brought glory to the country with their brave deed of conquering the Everest.
Prime Minister expressed his happiness as he inaugurated the super speciality blocks at three Government Medical Colleges.
The proposal will promote the country’s exports with Iran.
The work on Ease of Doing Business must address the issues of these small businesses and manufacturers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Centenary Celebrations of Bharat Sevashram Sangha through video conference.
With a flyover at Harhua and an ROB at Tarna, the road will reduce the travel time from Varanasi to the airport.
Background
(iii) Allowing the Primary Lending Institutions (PLIs) that have signed MoU with the Central Nodal Agencies (CNAs), under the CLSS vertical of PMAY(Urban) (now CLSS for EWS/LIG), the option to extend the mandate of their MoU to CLSS for MIG with appropriate changes as applicable;
He called for expeditious pursuit of energy self-sufficiency in the islands, which could be based on solar energy.
The discussions shall continue tomorrow.
For this purpose, number of seats in educational institutions is being increased by 10%.
Over the last quarter century, PETROTECH has served as a platform to discuss solutions to challenges faced in the energy sector..
Accordingly, a template of framework MoU for space cooperation was provided for further processing at Government level, for which Armenia side has given its concurrence in April 2017.
Madam Prime Minister, I am aware that India has always been close to your heart and you have been a great friend of India.
We have successfully enacted a new legislation regarding Goods and Services Tax (GST).
He welcomed greater US investment in the manufacturing sector in India, and invited US companies to explore opportunities for Make-in-India.
He said the Kashi Vishwanath Temple has survived the vicissitudes of centuries.
Tanzania is an important East African country with historical ties with India and with substantial population of around 70 thousand Indian diaspora.
I also want to thank the Chief Ministers of these five States for taking the vital step in the direction of making Ganga clean by involving people’s power.
Areas of cooperation between the two countries include exchange programmes in the fields of youth and sports, exchange programmes for the training of officers and trainers, promotion of sports between the participants with respect to sports facilities, sports equipment, sports training and physical preparation, sports fitness and physical education.
Institutions and architectures built for a different world, by a different world, are outdated.
These maladies have been afflicting us for the past 70 years and the campaign for getting rid of these can never be an easy task.
We are keen to scale up investments in next generation infrastructureincluding roads, ports, railways, airports, telecom, digital networks and energy.
In conclusion, let me again join my people in expressing our profound appreciation to each one of you for kindly accepting my invitation and for joining us at this Commemorative Summit.
Banks are reducing their interest rates.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Sahibganj Sewerage Treatment Plant, and the Madhusudan Ghat, under the Namami Gange initiative.
The two leaders reviewed and positively assessed the progress of the multi-faceted India-Afghanistan strategic partnership.
When I think about the future, I’m personally excited about India for a number of reasons.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfers for 59 different schemes.
Friends, the earlier governments had reserved some very good assignments for me and I have an opportunity to meet your expectations.
The Saubhagya scheme is going to end this inequality that was prevailing since the past 70 years.
5. Though such professionals have existed in the Indian healthcare system for many decades, a considerable gap in the allied and healthcare space is because of a lack of a comprehensive regulatory framework and absence of standards for education and training of A&HPs.
Today, peace does not only mean ‘no war’.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Sweden on cooperation in the field of Intellectual Property (IPRs).
One lakh people, who had neither heard of Income Tax nor paid Income Tax, have now been forced to do so.
About 12.58 lakh non-gazetted Railway employees are likely to benefit from the decision.
And, in more recent times, you have gifted to the world one of the finest spinners in cricket, Muthiah Muralitharan.
The proposed joint mission will be devoted to maritime domain awareness, with the objective to provide relevant data and services to both nations.
Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of 1640 m span double lane bridge over River Chenab at Sajwal.
And to present Mango saplings in the marriage, just think, reflects the love for nature in a brilliant manner.
We should jointly explore the opportunities.
He said that Ayushman Bharat scheme rolled out by the Union Government will ensure affordable and quality healthcare for the poor.
The Prime Minister said that this high speed railway would not only bring two cities closer, but also bring the people living hundreds of kilometers away, closer to each other.
He will also address a public gathering in the city.
President Tran Dai Quang highly appreciated India’s long standing and continued grants-in-aid and lines of credit for Viet Nam.
We accept it and embrace it whole heartedly.
This seems to be the reason as to how he could develop this App which is most suited to needs of the village.
He advocated the message of equality in society, not through mere words but through concrete endeavour.
The Integrated Refinery Expansion Project was also a strategic move of Bharat Petroleum to diversify into non-fuel sector.
“Today what I see as the biggest challenge facing the education is that it has come to focus solely on examinations.
We have enacted a comprehensive Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, implemented the National Company Law Tribunals, established a statutory Monetary Policy Committee and effected a merger of the commodities and securities market.
He said cooperatives can help consolidate the gains in the dairy sector, as has been the case in other parts of the country.
Under the scheme these families will get free treatment up to Rs. 5 lakhs per annum in the identified hospitals.
He praised Prime Minister Abe for the fact that this project is being launched within such a short time.
The President will highlight to senior Indian industry and trade captains the economic opportunities and potential of Afghanistan.
He also inquired about the progress in providing Wi-FI connectivity at important tourist destinations across the country.
It is becoming self reliant.
He mentioned the Narendra Modi App, and suggestions he had received on India-Belgium relations.
The Organization is headed by the DG which is an Ex-cadre post.
How many marks are you likely to score?’
Many books have been written on that dark period.
The Prime Minister said that he is a “product of the ancient Indian tradition that firmly believes in dialogue on difficult issues.”
Next year, we will commemorate the 25th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Tajikistan.
The existing SSA now stands amended to the extent of the above change.
Mr. Kim promised the World Bank’s unflinching and continued support to India’s initiatives on ease of doing business.
The Prime Minister has also announced ex gratia of Rs. 2 Lakhs from PMNRF for the next of kin of those killed in the accident and Rs. 50,000 for those seriously injured.
There is a high tide of hope and optimism in the country.
In four years, they amount to Rupees 6.5 lakh crore, or 90 billion dollars.
Trade ties continue to grow.
They recognised the confirmation by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that Iran is complying with its nuclear-related JCPOA commitments.
We need to fully harness these strengths.
Sometimes certain things become a part of our habits, that we don’t even realize that we are doing something wrong.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the Joint Interpretative Notes (JIN) on the Agreement between India and Bangladesh for the Promotion and Protection of Investments.
The Indian Ocean connects regions of diverse cultures and different levels of peace and prosperity.
Therefore, producing for domestic consumption is important for growth.
During the interaction, the crew explained details of their upcoming voyage to the Prime Minister.
Those who ruled the nation for many many years had interests in two things – doles and deals.
He laid the Foundation Stone for three National Highway projects.
The festival of Raksha Bandhan is a festival of special significance.
He said the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
There will be hundreds of peaks from India.
In Ireland I will hold talks with Mr. Enda Kenny, the Taoiseach of Ireland.
Although she herself has given the answer to her query, but Richa Ji wishes that I too must put forth my views on the matter.
This is the reality of Nature.
The NMCG will have a two-tier management structure with a Governing Council (GC), to be chaired by DG, NMCG.
My dear countrymen, I am restless, I am agitated and I am also impatient for my country to lead the fourth industrial revolution, the revolution that is based on knowledge, the revolution which will be led by those who have IT skills.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled his visit to Xiamen for the 9th BRICS Summit in September 2017, and his meeting with President Xi Jinping there.
Mining, Fertilizers, Textiles, Aviation, Health, Defence, Construction, Real Estate, Food Processing, ऐसा कोई sector नहीं है जिसमें हम reforms न लाए हों।
e) Investing in the tourism and hospitality sector;
It’s a sin and the society must stand against it.
This gallery, at 153 metres height, can accommodate upto 200 visitors at one time.
MoU on Cooperation among BRICS Development Banks and the NDB 10.
Delegation level discussions were held between Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and President Dr Hassan Rouhani.
Today, in the twenty-fourth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of the Kedarnath reconstruction work in Uttarakhand.
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by the floods.
He expressed confidence that the Indian athletes would win the hearts of people across the world, and show the world what India is about.
Raviji you have given a good suggestion, but please don’t get angry with me.
Best wishes to you.
They include Coal, other minerals and spectrum.
In the services sector, the Prime Minister said the tourism and hospitality sector will receive high priority.
He added that the colonial rulers were scared of those who wrote and expressed themselves through the papers.
Our five countries have complementary skills and strengths to promote use of renewable and solar energy.
Today, though I am not so lucky as to be present at the celebrations in person, I am delighted to be able to greet her, through technology.
The current LTAs with Japanese Steel Mills (JSMs) and POSCO, South Korea, for supply of iron ore for a period of three years will expire on 31st March, 2018.
ACTIVITIES FOR THE REMAINDER OF SOUTH AFRICA’S BRICS CHAIRSHIP 2018
Confidence was low and foreign investors were turning away from India.
Any instance of violence brings shame to the nation.
Welcoming the CEOs, the Prime Minister said that the world is focused on India’s economy.
Today on National Science Day we should resolve that innovation should gain importance.
Q. Are Israel and India facing the same threat of terrorism?
Creating a Skilled World: by giving future-ready skills to millions of our youth; 7.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Ireland on September 23rd, 2015, and held bilateral talks with the Prime Minister of Ireland, Mr. Enda Kenny.
It has been a couple of decades since you last visited India.
“In Delhi, I interact with so many officials, many of whom belong to Bihar,” the Prime Minister said.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for the condolence and the offer of assistance.
India rejoices in the victory of Vinesh Phogat.
And therefore she wants me to provide some information on the recent launch of 104 satellites and the Interceptor Missile.
We convey our heartfelt condolences to the Royal Family, the people and the Government of the Kingdom of Thailand.
Doordarshan shall also be mounting a programme to share people’s emotions with the Armed Forces.
Information Technology and Human Resources development along with Indo-Japan Global Startup.
Bilateral S&T cooperation was further promoted in 1993 with the establishment of the India-Japan Science Council (IJSC), which has till date organized 19 meetings, supported 250 joint projects, 1600 exchange visits of scientists, 65 joint seminars/workshops and 9 Asian Academic seminars and 10 Raman-Mizushima lectures.
He even presented some samples to the Prime Minister.
And, I am delighted that Jayalalithaa ji, the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu is also present with us on this occasion.
The loans provided are easily accessible and in three categories- Shishu, Kishore and Tarun.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, telephoned His Excellency, Mr. Malcolm Turnbull, the Prime Minister of Australia today to wish him Diwali greetings.
The Centre will support in adopting value chain based production system in the country.
The Prime Minister also spoke at length about the implementation of GST on July 1st and said that it demonstrated the strength of democracy.
You must have spent just a minute or two but for me your phone calls are very important.
Ladies and Gentlemen, Greetings on the occasion of International Yoga Day!
He urged the members to raise awareness among the community about their rights.
You can write essays in various languages and there is no age limit.
He said the Government aims to double income of farmers by 2022.
I also conveyed our desire to work with Small Island Developing States to realise their vision of Samoa Pathway and to be a source of strength for each other in international forums.
Three out of four oldest High Courts in India are now headed by women judges.
HPO as a separate entity within non-solar Renewable Purchase Obligation to cover LHPs commissioned after notification of these measures (SHPs are already covered under Non-Solar Renewable Purchase Obligation).
Today is a historic day for South Asia.
Now, it is up to you to decide whether you consider the exams pleasure or pressure.
Investments from ASEAN and India are robust and growing.
Canada has emerged as an important and reliable partner in India’s socio-economic transformation.
India and Korea have enjoyed a strong diplomatic and long economic relationship.
A joint working group comprising of the concerned representatives of both parties would take forward cooperation under this MOU and to discuss and agree the terms, principles and criteria jointly.
In case farmers do not repay the short term crop loan in time they would be eligible for interest subvention of 2% as against 5% available above.
Mr. Jean Pierre Harrison, husband of Astronaut Kalpana Chawla – who perished in the Columbia tragedy – was present.
But there are Aanganwadi workers, Asha Workers or Teachers, thay all represent Government.
33. The Sides expressed interest in the development of mutually beneficial cooperation in the Arctic, inter alia in the sphere of joint scientific research.
Background:
Upcoming sectors such as Artificial Intelligence, Big Data Analytics, Machine Learning, Cyber-physical systems, Genomics, and Electric Vehicles are new challenges that require your attention.
India has Walked the Talk.
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
The Prime Minister asserted that for global peace and regional peace, India should be capable and strong.
African initiatives are replacing old fault lines with new bridges of regional economic integration.
In a reform to eliminate corruption in government recruitments, we have abolished interviews for lower and middle level positions.
Lakhs of children and pregnant women were left out of vaccination.
The two Prime Ministers welcomed the significant interest shown by Malaysian companies to partake in the business opportunities provided by India and their aspiration to invest in infrastructure projects;
The Pink City is known for the pink sandstones of its famous palaces.
This tremendous participation of youth and women is a major glorious dimension in ISRO’s success.
Management of ISARC
This Agreement enables Indian tax authorities to receive financial account information of Indians from foreign countries on an automatic basis.
India and U.K. already have an agreement concerning the investigation and prosecution of crime and the tracing, restraint and confiscation of the proceeds and instruments of crime (including crimes involving currency transfers) and terrorist funds, which was signed in 1995.
The percentage annual compound rate of decline in TFR during 2011-16 has been observed as 1.7%; and
One international organisation has reported that during the last two years, 5 crore poor people have crossed the poverty line.
Far from our shores, we evacuated thousands from Yemen, Indians, Americans and others.
There was a certain methodology of awarding Padma Awards every year, but this entire process has been changed for the past three years.
But, this is also a region with many unsettled questions and unresolved disputes; of competing claims and contested norms; of expanding military power and extending shadow of terrorism; and, uncertainties on seas and vulnerability in cyber space.
He said the winds of this organic effort would now spread across the country.
Project implementation under the Smart Cities Mission is now gathering pace.
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
3. The Forum will review the progress of projects under its initiatives and further consider future cooperation concerning the North East Region of India.
I was surprised that the girl had memorized the Bhagvada Geeta completely but the most interesting thing was that she kept reciting the shlokas along with its English interpretation and its definition in English as well as Hindi.
(a) The output for a year is reckoned by the equated net tonne kilometres by adding together:-
Launching of Finnish Space objects by Indian launch vehicles
This 750 bed hospital will be built at a cost of approximately Rs. 1350 crore.
I salute our martyrs, seek their blessings and assure you that we will leave no stone unturned to fulfil their dreams for which they have laid down their lives for the nation.
They will now have to pay only 25% tax in place of 30% which was the practice earlier.
MoU between M/o Petroleum & Natural Gas of the Republic of India and Belarusian State Concern of Oil and Chemistry in the Oil and Gas Sector
There used to be a time when climate change was a subject confined to the domain of the academic world, it used to be the topic for seminars, but today, we experience it in our everyday life and it also astounds us.
A delegation of OBC Parliamentarians and leaders from BJP called on Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi at New Delhi, today.
(v) The repatriation of victims would be done as expeditiously as possible and the home country will undertake the safe and effective re-integration of the victims.
People from every corner of India were engaged in this work.
He said that going ahead from “Ease of Doing Business,” the focus is now on “Ease of Living.”
India has entered into collaboration with a number of ocean states.
The economies of scale achieved in India by the LED bulb industry allowed this energy efficient technology to become more affordable globally.
I shared our desire to press for reforms of the United Nations, including its Security Council, in this 70th anniversary year.
Kochi is at the head of the Indian Ocean and at the crossroads of our maritime history.
The Government now aims to double this, giving priority to Dalits, Tribals, Backward Classes and Women.
3. The exporting companies shall get registered with the TMO.
Our soldiers reach out to provide relief and rescue operations during natural calamities.
A common electronic market platform is being introduced across 585 regulated wholesale markets.
“Condolences to those who lost their loved ones due to the bus accident in Cuttack, Odisha.
On the Citizenship Amendment Bill, the Prime Minister assured the people of Assam and North East that their rights and opportunities will be protected.
India signed a 15 year contract for exploration of Polymetallic Nodules (PMN) in Central Indian Ocean Basin with the International Seabed Authority (ISA) (an Institution set up under the Convention on Law of the Sea to which India is a Party) on 25th March, 2002 with the approval of Cabinet.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks the fulfilment of that.
We also utilized the opportunity to review on-going BRICS cooperation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO on the successful launch of India’s communication satellite, GSAT-18.
And states have been asked to createexport promotion councils.
We are reducing travel distances in our cities by efficient location of homes, schools and offices.
There are some amongst you who would like to contribute in business and investments.
Mr. Nicolas Sarkozy, former President of France, met Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Appropriate gratis visas of three months’ validity for visiting close family members (blood relations such as parents, siblings, adult children as well as in-laws) and visas for other close relatives of the assignees, on payment of visa fees due would be issued.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the International Conference on Frontiers in Yoga Research and its applications, at Jigani, Bengaluru.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi and former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri was an apt occasion for such an event.
We shall strictly abide by this.
Handing over new LPG connections to 3 BPL families, the Prime Minister thanked all those who had given up LPG subsidy, so that it could be given to the poor who needed it the most.
SBI has successfully raised Rs.15,000 crore QIP.
And, the reach and benefit of such efforts extends to all corners of Afghanistan.
Distinguished members of the audience, It is normal to have partnerships on the basis of shared values and interests.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Indian Institute of Management(IIM) Bill, 2017, under which the IIMswould be declared as Institutions of National Importance which will enable them togrant degrees to their students.
There are nearly a billion people with cell phones in India; smart phones and internet users are in hundred millions, growing at high double digits.
Mr. Etienne briefed the Prime Minister on the strengthening ties between India and France in all sectors, including in the areas of defence and security.
After the Indian Ocean Tsunami of 2004, the five worst affected countries brought in new laws for disaster risk management.
I will pay an official visit to Spain from 30 – 31 May 2017.
We live in an increasingly connected world.
Interacting with the participants, Narendra Modi said that in order to foster innovation and competition amongst youngsters, Government has started various competitions like Atal New India Challenge, Smart India Hackathon and Agriculture Grand Challenge.
Our strong belief in delinking terrorism from religion, and rejecting artificial distinctions between good and bad terrorism, are now a global talking point.
The power of the vote is the greatest strength of a democracy.
The Terms of Reference of the Sub-Group included the following:- (i) To examine financial requirements for comprehensive implementation of the Swachh Bharat Mission and suggest measures for meeting budgetary needs; (ii) To recommend robust institutional mechanisms for effective implementation; (iii) To recommend measures for technological support for different components of SBM, including solid and liquid waste management in rural and urban areas; (iv) To examine models for private sector participation in the Swachh Bharat Mission and to suggest ways for substantial improvement in participation of private sector and civil society organisations for effective implementation; (v) To recommend ways to make the SBM sustainable; and (vi) Any other measures.
He exhorted the young students to never feel afraid to ask questions.
This institute started as a small cottage hospital.
We have enacted the Commercial Courts, Commercial Division and Commercial Appellate Division of High Courts Act, 2015, for speedy resolution of commercial disputes.
a) The applications will be received under the scheme upto 31st December 2018 or till such time that an incentive commitment of Rs 10,000 crore is reached, whichever is earlier.
The CCEA approves the award of blocks.
The perfect blend of hygienic, nutritious and tasty processed food, with the added benefits of preventive healthcare, can be produced economically, here in India.
Strong India – Strong Japan will not only enrich our two nations.
As far as the economy is concerned, hundreds of families start making Rakhis in small household units, many months before the festival of Rakhi.
We have increased the cess on coal by 300%.
He also spoke of the splendid performance of Korea in the Indian sport – Kabaddi – at the Asian Games.
My dear young friends, the government will launch the entire action plan for “Start-up India, Stand-up India on 16th January.
PM says, the Government is constantly working to create a conducive environment for business in the country
He recalled that he had the great fortune to unveil a statue of Shri Basaveshwara in London recently.
The proposal under this sub-scheme is to promote 10 Indian brands in the international market in three years with proposed outlay of Rs. 90 crore.
They encouraged SMEs and mid-cap companies to play a growing role in the economic and commercial exchanges between the two countries.
He shall unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of Pakyong Airport.
A related thought was that the current grid is not designed for carrying the 175 GigaWatts (GW) of renewable energy that India is targeting, and therefore a complimentary effort is required on the grid side.
Today I am immensely delighted that the passing of this Law for the welfare of the Divyaangjan will open up additional avenues of employment for them.
PM will also visit the museum.
When people of the country feel this thing: yes, the economy is strong.
The doctor is very much aware that if someone is sick, he can make more money, but he still endorses healthy practices and habits among the people.
Mahatma Gandhi’s favourite hymn ‘Vaishnav Jan To’, went global, with artists from over 124 countries contributing musically to it.
He said top Indian cricketers use bats made in the State.
These include Declaring Large Hydropower Projects (HPO) as part of non-solar Renewable Purchase Obligation (RPO)
The MoU does not contain or involve any financial, legal or political commitment on the part of either Party.
Now, the consumer knows how much tax he has paid to the state government and how much to the central government.
The Prime Minister recalled the letter that he had written to all the Fellows, seeking their responses on the “Narendra Modi App.”
They have not been trained about it.
It was generally seen as a cumbersome centralising force which imposed central will on the states.
The Constitution also guides us to draw inspiration from our Tricolor.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to proposal for dissolution of Central Inland Water Transport Corporation Limited (CIWTC).
Till 31st March, 2016, 15.91 lakh pensioners have been given the first instalment of OROP, which amounts to Rs. 2,861 crore.
Under the aegis of “Eat Right India” campaign, ‘Swasth Bharat’ trips are being carried out across the country.
We all know the saying: If you educate a man, you educate an individual; but if you educate a woman you educate an entire family.
I don’t know why such statement is given but I have something else to share about the remarkable revolution made by technology.
A major international R&D institution will make India an even bigger center for agricultural research in the world and this in turn, will attract further research & development investment in the country.
Further, DMRC has started the procedure for recruitment of around 200 employees for Operation & Maintenance of this corridor.
As Asia’s first Nobel Laureate Rabindranath Tagore predicted on a visit to this region nearly a century ago, Asia is regaining its self-consciousness for realization of its own self.
They have confidence in nothing
Two of his most important works are Seven Grammars of the Dialects and Sub-dialects of the Bihari Language (1883 – 87) and Bihar Peasant Life (1885).
Friends, Most of the ASEAN economies have done their bit for Asia’s resurgence.
31. We will remain relevant and be able to lead the global economy only if we come up to global standards.
An arena for a prosperous and healthy future for Jaffna’s youth.
The press was completely muffled.
Addressing a public meeting, the PM congratulated everyone who has worked for the memorial.
Do you know of culling out photo’s.
This year we aim to achieve hundred per cent electrification of households in India, through a targeted programme called SAUBHAGYA.
• of blood on the beach, massacres in malls and smouldering cars on streets;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, attended the National Women Livelihood Meet-2019,held at Deendayal Hastkala Sankul in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, on International Women’s Day.
Friends, we have a lot to learn from the life and works of Acharya S. N. Bose.
The objective of the JDI on IGCS is to promote cooperation between German and Indian scientists on fundamental and applied scientific research.
Women are disproportionately affected by disasters.
We must also coordinate closely to preserve the central role of the Doha Development Round and the WTO.
For, this is priceless and beyond any measure of value.
c) Payment of Rs. 1882.775 Lakhs as compensation to the State Government of Andhra Pradesh to facilitate them for acquisition of land and for associated construction of alternate road.
The Agreement is expected to spur greater trade, investment, tourism and cultural exchange between the two countries bringing it in tune with the developments in the civil aviation sector.
2. Modernization of rolling stock, as well as of signaling and communication systems in railways;
You gave us the responsibility of taking this decision and we fulfilled it positively.
He was playing a pivotal role in it.
Motor vehicle production, which is a strong indicator of consumer purchasing power and economic activity, has grown at 7.6 per cent.
-What will be you take if the Sale of passenger cars in the country has grown by nearly 12% after June ?
He was renowned to be a masterly scholar of languages such as English, Sanskrit and Kannada.
These are not just medals but an evidence of the sky high spirits of the Indian players.
India has committed 7.4 billion dollars in concessional credit and 1.2 billion dollars in grant since the first India-Africa Summit in 2008.
During the presentation of Ministry of AYUSH before the Hon’ble PM on 3rd July 2014, Hon’ble PM desired that the Ministry needs to seize the opportunities for taking a lead in the world at a time when holistic health care has gained currency.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
He said he will approach the subject by drawing a contrast between the past and the present, to illustrate the kind of results that can be achieved when national interest is prioritized.
Each and every Indian would be proud of these daughters.
For this reason there must be crores of Indians like Kumar Krishna who have the same question in their hearts.
We stress that practical transparency and confidence building measures may also contribute towards non-placement of weapons in outer space.
On the evening of Thursday 17th March 2016, Prime Minister addressed the World Sufi Forum at New Delhi’s Vigyan Bhavan.
The policy emphasizes reorienting and strengthening the Public Health Institutions across the country, so as to provide universal access to free drugs, diagnostics and other essential healthcare.
7. Demonetisation will bring real estate, higher education, healthcare in the common man’s reach a.
All the States and districts will be covered in a phased manner i.e. 315 districts in 2017-18, 235 districts in 2018-19 and remaining districts in 2019-20.
I’m not going to be content with anything less than complete independence.
It was attended by more than 1500 registered delegates from 150 countries in addition to CEOs of MNCs, policy makers and Government officials.
• Both Leaders reiterated support for the ongoing reform of the United Nations and its principal organs, including the Security Council, with a view to making the United Nations more democratic, transparent and efficient so that it can deal more effectively with the myriad challenges of today’s world.
But, the forces do not speak, they take action.
This includes five channels for Northeastern states.
The policy projects crude steel capacity of 300 million tonnes (MT), production of 255 MT and a robust finished steel per capita consumption of 158 Kgs by 2030 – 31, as against the current consumption of 61 Kgs.
The Prime Minister was given an overview of the extent of damage caused by floods, and the relief operations being undertaken.
This includes high-tech sectors and high-value areas like defence production.
Write not only about architecture or natural beauty but write something about their daily life too.
Interests of consumers are not protected by merely giving them rights.
Its extent and depth is shaped by a robust development cooperation partnership, which has a strong “people first” philosophy.
On the occasion he said that today we are starting the work for a six-lane highway over Brahmaputra which will reduce time between the two river banks – from 1.30 hours to 15 mins.
The policy advocates extensive deployment of digital tools for improving the efficiency and outcome of the healthcare system and proposes establishment of National Digital Health Authority (NDHA) to regulate, develop and deploy digital health across the continuum of care.
The Prime Minister thanked the participants for their views, and emphasized India’s commitment to realize the vision of 175 GigaWatts of clean energy.
Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs) would also benefit by the skill-sets and domain expertise of those coming from the State Public Sector Enterprises (SPSEs) as well the private sector.
• Facilitating joint tabletop exercises covering priority cybersecurity scenarios to advance specific cooperation.
We need just not constitutional provisions or legal safeguards, but also social values to build an inclusive and peaceful society, in which everyone belongs, secure about his rights and confident of her future.
Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
This is our intention behind the MUDRA scheme.
Market driven petrol and diesel prices reflect changes in the international price of crude oil.
He extended best wishes to the film fraternity for creating the characters that have captured the imaginations of young generations.
He said art helps in keeping the human spirit alive in individuals, even in this machine age.
The said amendment in the Act was also carried out by the Ministry of Home Affairs’ Notification dated 08.10.2003 in exercise of the powers conferred by the Parliament under section 72 of the Punjab Re-organisation Act, 1966.
• Support provided to States for provision of free drugs and setting up of systems for drug procurement, quality assurance, IT based supply chain management system, training and grievance redressal etc.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today announced a landmark increase in remuneration for ASHA and Anganwadi workers.
I propose that a mock Parliament be organized around the 15th August in Delhi comprising one young representatives selected from every district of India who would participate and deliberate on how a new India could be formed in the next five years.
Government of India is working in mission mode to make India TB-free.
Given an opportunity our mothers and sisters have given glory to their assignments so this Beti Bachao Beti padao is our social, national as well as humanitarian commitment .
The Prime Minister addressed a large gathering at Limkheda in Dahod district, after unveiling a number of schemes for tribal welfare.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today presented over 100 volumes of Urga Kanjur to Jampa Donor, Buda Balzheivich Badmayev, Head Priest, Datsan Gunzechoinei Buddhist Temple, St Petersburg.
This will be the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
ii. development of Mining Surveillance System (MSS) in association with Bhaskaracharya Institute of Space Application & Geo-informatics (BISAG) to detect illegal mining within 500 metres zone of lease boundary of major minerals using satellite imageries; and
7. Organization of joint symposia, conferences and scientific meetings; and
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, in his Labour Day message, has saluted the determination and hard work of countless workers who play a big role in India’s progress.
All these are unforgettable experiences.
Summer vacations feel good inspite of scorching heat.
The museum forms part of the complex of four Museums which are collectively known as “Kranti Mandir.”
And, Kenya is a land of strong opportunities.
At the Government level, we have to ensure that our growth process is inclusive and embraces both rural and urban communities.
This summit will certainly resonate with those themes.
However, we have challenges of equal distribution of benefits of globalization before us.
The MoU will encourage cooperation between India and Australia, through joint initiatives in the disability sector.
Despite such inclement weather there are some extraordinarily aware people who deliver results that are exemplary and inspiring for all of us.
And, do so based on your needs and priorities.
The words of poet Ahmed Shah Durrani may have expressed the longing of an Afghan King in Delhi, I forget the throne of Delhi, when I remember the mountain tops of my Afghan land.
Notable among them are the coastal community skill projects and projects for development of marine fisheries sector.
The MoU identifies the following stress of cooperation:
When a person from the North-East, someone living in the remote areas, in the hills or forests, writes a letter to communicate that in the beginning, he used to be apprehensive about GST wondering what it was all about, but now that he has begun to understand it, he feels that things have become much easier than before.
The Prime Minister will offer floral tributes at SantKabir Samadhi, on the occasion of the 500th death anniversary of the great saint and poet, Kabir.
Lead this movement.
Another initiative is in school education.
Financial approval of the competent authority for each waterway would, however, be taken based on the outcome of the techno-economic feasibility studies etc. that are being undertaken by the Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI) currently.
The way this inspiration had spread to various parts of the world had become a cause of tribute to the masses of India.
knowingly or un – knowingly, intentionally or un- intentionally, had become a part of our daily lives.
He resisted the Emergency tooth and nail.
The Policy recognises the abundance of creative and innovative energies that flow in India, and the need to tap into and channelise these energies towards a better and brighter future for all.
India is a capital scarce, labour abundant country.
For my government, this has meant a path of international engagement focused on:
India’s rapid growthcan bring dividends for the entire region, especially in Sri Lanka.
The 5th Indian Army-to-Japan JGSDF Staff Talks will also be held in India in early 2019.
It will benefit the entire population of Tamil Nadu.
She had to face many difficulties, many problems.
He encouraged people to further promote digital transactions.
The Prime Minister will also lay foundation stone of the Combined Project of Improvement in Water Supply and Sewerage System, as part of Area Based Development in Solapur Smart City, Augmentation of Drinking Water Supply from Ujani Dam to Solapur City and Underground Sewerage System under AMRUT Mission.
I consider you people an important partner in the development of the country and in the nation building.
He also dedicated to the nation the 1200 MW Thermal Power Station of Singareni Collieries at Jaipur, in Adilabad district.
Tariff rationalization measures including providing flexibility to the developers to determine tariff by back loading of tariff after increasing project life to 40 years, increasing debt repayment period to 18 years and introducing escalating tariff of 2%;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the filling of Aji Dam near Rajkot under Sauni Yojana.
It will also deepen India’s relationship with Iran as a strategic partner.
We welcome the G20 focus on employment of women and, on youth this year.
He who donates a tree, that tree in return becomes a ladder to salvation just like children.
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
If you have any ideas for the Third International Yoga Day, please do send me your suggestions and guidance through my mobile Application.
He said that the scheme will assure a monthly pension of Rs.3000 for the enrolled unorganized sector workers during their old age.
If Rajkot is developed then Aji and Nyari won’t let us thirst for water, this is the work that we have done.
2. Establishment of ‘Real Estate Regulatory Authority’ in States/UTs to regulate real estate transactions.
Today, we are celebrating the Foundation day of Institute of Charted Accountant of India (ICAI).My heartfelt wishes to one and all on this momentous occasion.
Implementation Strategy and Targets:
Mr. Prime Minister, I leave convinced that India and Ireland must invest more to realize the vast potential of this relationship.
Investments by AIIB in sustainable infrastructure can impact the lives of billions of people.
I say this, thinking of the historical value of such gifts.
The Indo-Danish Centre of Excellence in Integrated Renewable Power would work on Renewable energy resource assessments with focus on onshore and offshore wind; Hybridisation of wind, solar, hydro and storage technologies; integration of renewable energy inch high level of wind energy, Testing and R&D; and skill development / capacity building.
With the approval of this policy, there will be complete shift from ‘One hydrocarbon Resource Type’ to ‘Uniform Licensing Policy’ which is presently applicable in Hydrocarbon Exploration & Licensing Policy (HELP) and Discovered Small Field (DSF) Policy.
Earlier, Prime Minister Narendra Modi participated in the ASEAN–India Summit and East Asia Summit on 21–22 November 2015.
(6). Skill Development courses/ Diploma courses may be introduced in State ITIs and polytechnics/ colleges.
Employment of women is protected thanks to Maternity Benefit Amendment Bill.
The main objective of the decision is to enable the State Governments to issue control orders with the prior concurrence of Central Government, for fixing stock limits/licensing requirements in respect of pulses, oilseeds and edible oils, whenever need is felt by them.
The revised spectrum caps limits may be revisited after Final Acts of World Radiocommunication Conference (WRC) 2019.
In order to tackle the menace of film piracy, the Amendments provide for:
My focus would be on the ball, and slowly-slowly targets were achieved on their own.
We will not be in a position to solve the various problems for years together.
Accelerating innovation driven entrepreneurship and business creation through Start-ups is crucial for large-scale employment generation.
Giving examples of ODF targets and rural electrification, the Prime Minister urged the officers to work towards 100 per cent achievement of targets.
They probe deeper causes, not just look at symptoms.
Expressing happiness in interacting with farmers from over 600 districts, Prime Minister said that farmers are the ‘Annadatas’ (food providers) of our nation.
Your wonderful and warm welcome make me feel at home.
You can very well understand the great change that has come into their lives.
The young Karun Nair scored a triple century and K. L. Rahul played a brilliant 199 run innings.
He added that the challenge now is to take this growth rate to double digits, for which many more important steps have to be taken.
He noted the great contributions of the Indian Jewish community, both in India and Israel.
Earlier, the Prime Minister interacted with the families of some of the beneficiaries, over a cup of tea.
Since the formation of the NDA Government at the Centre, we have spent more than Ten Thousand Crore Rupees for development of the railway network in the North East.
Latest technology related to railway track safety (automatic inspection technology etc.)
“Greetings on Easter!
We are working together in the most advanced areas of science and technology.
All those delegates who have travelled a long distance to attend this Summit – I heartily welcome you to India and to New Delhi.
I thank Aayanji for drawing the attention of all listeners of “Mann Ki Baat” towards this point.
We do not follow “beggar thy neighbour” macro-economic policies.
The Institute will be established in three years in two phases.
Special train for pilgrims:
The revised Model MoU was drafted based on Egmont Group Secretariat revised Model MoU 2014.
Madam Lagarde, you are one of the world’s top women leaders.
We also believe, that the primary responsibility for peace, prosperity and security in the Indian Ocean rests with those who live in this region.
For ages, India has been a spiritual destination for the world.
The decision is intended to optimize functioning of the Commission and for fulfilling desired objectives of welfare and development of the target group.
We need to move to responsible pricing,which balances the interests of both the producer and consumer.
Today, we have introduced IT interventions for online transactions to ensure transparency.
Therefore, in order to accelerate the pace of investment in major infrastructure projects in the country without compromising the need for external assistance for other sectors, an enabling provision in the existing guidelines was considered necessary to facilitate direct borrowing by the State Government entities from bilateral external agencies.
Distinguished guests,
Your education and intelligence has trained you to think out of the box.
I congratulate D. Prakash Rao for his hard work, his persistence and for providing a new direction to the lives of those poor children attending his school.
• FDI inflows have gone up by 40% compared with previous year’s corresponding period.
He will lay the foundation stone for national highway projects, and the Pendra-Anuppur 3rd railway line.
In this regard, we underscore the importance of increasing mutual exchanges and data sharing.
Thereafter, the MoU will be automatically renewed for successive periods of five years, unless either Party notifies the other Party of its intention of not to renew the MoU, at least six months before its expiration.
Focus on enhancing domestic consumption, high quality steel production and making the sector globally competitive
He will release a postal stamp on “Ramayana.”
I will not tolerate this insult to our armed forces
PETROTECH provides the perfect setting to ponder over the future of the energy sector.
But it happened.
It is not because they want to save on interpretation costs, but because they find an environment that is welcoming and familiar.
Cultural Exchange Programme for the period 2018 – 2022.
It is a good opportunity that the focus of the G20 agenda and its results should be brought to the priorities of the developing countries.
This will be termed as “Dearness Relief”, the appropriate term in case of pensioners.
Thus began a new journey of India’s reintegration with the East.
The review meeting, which lasted for about two and a half hours, was attended by top officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and infrastructure Ministries of the Government of India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved Upgradation of existing NIFT Campuses for implementation of reservation for OBC students – extension of timeline for utilization of fund.
We have the responsibility to shape a future of peace, stability and prosperity in this region.
In the global context, as well as fulfilling the requirements of the country, it is a matter of great pride that our scientists launched more than 100 satellites in one go leaving the world astonished.
Subjects such as expansion of oil and gas infrastructure in India; enhancing exploration and production; potential in solar energy and biofuels; and the Union Government’s holistic approach to the energy sector came up for discussion.
We are wasting them.
They strongly condemned the burning of schools by anti-national elements.
Common citizens as well as businesses repose immense faith in the integrity of the judicial process.
Paying homage to Mahamana Madan Mohan Malviya, the founder of the University, Shri Narendra Modi described him as a visionary, who sought to prepare a dedicated, capable set of people with knowledge or values for nation building.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the ITBP family on the Raising Day of ITBP.
He mentioned other major transitions in the Indian economy, including the move from informal to formal economy, digital transactions and GST etc.
6.94 lakh rural houses have been completed in the first quarter of the current fiscal year, as compared to a target of 6 lakh houses.
And, the world’s billions at the bottom of the development ladder are seeking space to grow.
This country will not tolerate terrorism and Maoism.
In many area of India’s development priorities, Singapore is a key partner: smart cities, urban solutions, financial sector, skills development, ports, logistics, aviation and industrial parks.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi congratulated ISRO scientists on the successful launch of IRNSS1F into the orbit.
Both leaders expressed satisfaction and commended the significant rise in trade turnover during the last two years.
You have urged one and all to retain and keep aside some water for birds & animals, during summer time.
Our youth are on the Move.
A legally binding agreement will be signed between FCI, Department of Food and Public Distribution and Ministry of Finance on behalf of NSSF on the modalities for repayment of interest rate and principal and the restructuring of FCI debt will be made possible within 2-5 years.
And once you decide then I’m confident that the 1st of July 2017 will certainly become a turning point in the history of ICAI.
Once again, I express my heartfelt gratitude to all of you.
Lord Buddha’s message is as relevant in the twenty first century as it was two and a half millennia ago.
Such a huge potential for creation of infrastructure and production of goods will not be available in any other country.
We also share the vision of a multi-polar, rules-based international order.
(a) selection of candidates from State Public Enterprises and Private Sector as non-internal candidates for a period of five years for appointment in Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs);
India has received highest ever annual FDI of USD 60 Billion in 2016-17.
Phase 2: Shillong-Dawki (NH-40)
We will work closely at the United Nations, the G-20, G-4, WTO, BRICS, IBSA and other important platforms.
Mr. Prime Minister, in this time of crisis, the whole of India stands in full support and solidarity with the Belgian people.
7. Grant of enhanced relief of Rs. 5.00 lakh per deceased person, who died during 1984 Anti-Sikh Riots.
You are yourself working in this field.
If you use LED bulbs, you can save Rs.2000 to Rs. 5000 per year.
Electricity has reached all our rural areas.
He said that the best aspects of these one hundred years should be taken forward.
He released the synopsis of the Green Rameswaram Project; and unveiled a plaque to mark the dedication to the nation of a 9.5 km Link Road on NH-87, between Mukundarayar Chathiram, and Arichalmunai.
For this, we will be proactive in addressing your concerns.
We cannot evaluate the Champaran Satyagraha on the basis of the image of Mahatma Gandhi that we cherish in our hearts today.
Further, high volumes will enable local manufacture of components required for these technologies.
And for them, we have undertaken a nationwide campaign to create 500 million new jobs by 2022.
The Prime Minister said the Government has taken a holistic, integrated approach towards welfare of women, which includes elements such as Beti-Bachao, Beti Padhao, Sukanya Samriddhi Yojana, and Ujjwala Yojana, to ensure the physical, educational and financial well-being of women.
(c) Mobilization of Rs.1,381 crore from the market as Government guaranteed loan and utilization of Rs. 4,000 crore by way of monetization of Government-owned land and annual project revenue by the SPV.
We must create an environment for sharing of ideas and resources.
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
• To instil confidence and distribute creative works in digital environment with return on investment; and
We will work together to step up joint efforts aimed at modernizing infrastructure, explore ways to jointly respond to urbanization challenges, address issues related to ensuring food security, preserving water and forest resources, and share experience in carrying out economic reforms and national programs for the development of small and medium enterprises and in skill development.
Reviewing the progress of provision of citizen-centric services electronically, the Prime Minister called for a comprehensive district-wise review across the country, of how many services are actually being delivered online.
Government has repealed over twelve hundred outdated laws.
We call for expeditious finalisation and adoption of the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism (CCIT) by the United Nations General Assembly.
Prime Minister Abe expressed Japan’s intention to continue to support India’s efforts for social and industrial development, including through key quality infrastructure projects and capacity building.
They connect the individual with society.
The salient features of the Major Ports Authority Bill are as under:
The adopted guidance operationalises the obligation of developed countries in providing means of implementation to developing countries and requires developed countries to provide detailed information to bring clarity on projected levels of climate finance.
Lokmanya Tilak ji gave us the inspirational mantra – “Swaraj, that is, freedom is our birthright.”
We need regulations, policy, investments and management to achieve our objective.
The two dignitaries discussed the shared commitment of India and Egypt to strengthen bilateral engagement.
The theme for this year’s meeting is “Mobilizing Finance for Infrastructure: Innovation and Collaboration.”
India will partner in developing test protocols along with other countries.
India is linked with Belarus under multilateral economic initiatives such as the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU) and the International North South Transport Corridor.
So it can be used not only to feed the animals, and save our land but also to create good fertilizer.
The process of Sant- Mahatmas converging at the Kumbh Mela has already started.
In addition, there are awards for Innovation for Central, State organisations including Districts.
He said this is a new effort which would benefit the animal husbandry sector in the State.
He added that this was Babasaheb Ambedkar’s speciality.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met Shri Balwant Kumawat, a youth from Bhilwara, Rajasthan.
More than 90% of rural habitations have been connected today compared to only 56% in the previous government.
The delegation will consist of farmers from Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Maharashtra and Karnataka.
He said Rajasthan could benefit a lot from tourism, through better infrastructure connectivity, which would bring in employment.
In his address at the convocation, the Prime Minister said that technology is bringing about change in all spheres of life, and the youth of our country is keeping pace with these developments.
The MoU will enable technical cooperation in the following areas:-
So, it translates into five S in Hindi: Samman (respect); Samvad (dialogue); Sahayog (cooperation), Shanti (peace), and Samriddhi (prosperity).
Such rapid growth offers new digital highways and new markets for UK and Indian companies to address.
An amount of Rs. 600.52 crore has been released to the State under the National Disaster Response Fund (NDRF), after adjustments of the State balances.
The interaction with students covered themes such as agriculture, finance, malnutrition, and education.
Contribution to establishment of Mahatma Gandhi Convention /Heritage centre at Jinja.
To tap into the synergies and complementarities between Japan’s “Society 5.0” and India’s flagship programmes like “Digital India”, “Smart City” and “Start-up India” in areas of next generation technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), and IoT (Internet of Things), etc.
After that the tenure of the NCSK has been extended as a non-statutory body from time to time.
India is endowed with large hydropower potential of 1,45,320 MW of which only about 45,400 MW has been utilized so far.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Air Services Agreement between India-Taipei Association in Taipei (India’s representative office in Taiwan) and Taipei Economic and Cultural Center in India (Taiwan’s representative office in India).
This also helped in improving efficiency.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Joint Declaration of Intent (JDI) between Germany and India regarding cooperation in the sector of alternative medicine.
I just take half an hour of your time in a month but people keep sending suggestions, ideas and other material over Mann Ki Baat during all 30 days of the month.
I have met many of you in Delhi and New York, and on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
And, I am glad that we recently had the sixth office of KOTRA opened in Ahmedabad.
2. For the freedom and glory of the country, those who have contributed, those who suffered and sacrificed their lives, I salute all those noble souls, mothers and sisters on behalf of 125 crore people of the country from the ramparts of the Red Fort.
It will help in reducing the financial burden of BSNL and removing prospects of industrial unrest in BSNL while fulfilling the commitment of Government.
I also compliment them for the theme of this year’s report – ‘Reforming to create jobs’.
The Prime Minister also launched online, a project for the conservation and development of historic Maluti temple complex in Dumka district.
While the trade between India and Lao PDR is still below potential, India has extended Duty Free Tariff Preference Schemes to Lao PDR, encourage exports of goods from Lao PDR to India.
We are positioning India as a global manufacturing hub leveraging the energy of our youth.
The Prime Minister said that the youth has given “Brand India” a global identity.
25. The Sides praised the level of cooperation achieved in diamond sector, including the signing of new long-term contracts for rough diamond supplies by PJSC ALROSA to Indian companies, opening of the ALROSA representative office in Mumbai and joint financing by the ALROSA and the Gem & Jewellery Export Promotion Council of India of the International Diamonds Producers Association on the development of programmes of generic marketing of diamonds, including in the Indian market.
You also connect actively with this programme.
The Agreement would give a boost to the economy of the North East and allow us to leverage our geographical connections with Myanmar to boost trade and people to people ties.
We want to bring chances in quality of life.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Varanasi and Ghazipur in Uttar Pradesh on 29th December, 2018.
My dear countrymen, all of us made a resolve on Bapu’s birth anniversary on October 2, 2014 to take forward Bapu’s unfinished task of building a ‘Clean India’ and ‘a filth- free India’.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Bhartiya Janaushadhi Pariyojna and other Central Government health care schemes from across the country, through video bridge.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of MoU between India and Bangladesh in the field of judicial sector cooperation.
And this is also a matter of joy that of the twenty satellites which were launched in India, 17 satellites were from other countries.
The new generation is more or less freeing itself from the shackles of cash.
At the invitation of H. E. Shri Ram NathKovind, President of the Republic of India, H.E. Mr. Tran Dai Quang, President of the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam, and Spouse paid a State Visit to the Republic of India from 02-04 March 2018.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, and the Prime Minister of Japan, Mr. Shinzo Abe, today addressed the India-Japan Business Leaders Forum in New Delhi.
· Can you take the responsibility of making the country a high tax compliant society by 2022?
I experienced his excellent hospitality during the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
This is an administrative way of maintaining law and order.
Shri Balramji Dass Tandon spent decades working for peace and progress in Punjab.
Last but not the least I recognize the work of all those labourers who worked day and night during construction.
As a member of ICDP, scientists/engineers from India would have right to submit proposals, to participate in all ICDP co-funded workshops and drilling projects and have access to all data results from ICDP projects.
The Bill also aims to enhance access to health care services by ensuring informed consent and confidentiality for HIV-related testing, treatment and clinical research.
And with this belief, India has been cooperating very actively in various important initiatives taken by the UN.
27. Our scientists have created 131 types of high yielding variety seeds, so that we maximise output.
The Prime Minister assured that a Central team will visit the State soon to assess the extent of damage to infrastructure, housing, fishermen and farms and relief to be provided to the State.
This is a task worth doing.
Out of the total emissions, energy sector accounted for 73%, IPPU 8%, agriculture 16% and waste sector 3%.
Friends, New India is that land, Where you make your name, your name does not make you.
Government of India has started programs like Startup India, Standup India so that the youth can realize their dreams.
3. Extension of Rebate of State Levies (ROSL) (for apparel) Scheme to made-ups sector for enhanced Duty Drawback on exports of Made-ups.
Bilateral trade between India and Malaysia has increased more than two-fold in 10 years.
Every bank in India has its own ‘mobile App’.
Your visit this time helps us to carry forward the momentum of our cooperation and high level contacts.
Hospitals belonging to Employee State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) may also be empanelled based on the bed occupancy ratio parameter.
The definition of peace has changed in the last hundred years.
Some even tried to discourage us.
They do not even come from the capital cities of their respective states.
Government of India introduced in 1969, the ‘Ex-Andaman Political Prisoners Pension Scheme’ to honour the freedom fighters who had been incarcerated in the Cellular Jail at Port Blair.
The promulgation of new C.O. will ensure that the Scheduled Tribes of Rajasthan will get benefits of protective measures available under the Fifth Schedule to the Constitution of India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has launched a new website today to honour all the gallantry award winners since Independence.
Friends, A few days ago, an 18-year-old from the rice fields of Assam captured the attention of the entire world.
2. Agree to intensify our efforts to realize the objectives and purposes of BIMSTEC as embodied in the 1997 Bangkok Declaration, and reiterate our pledge to work collectively towards making BIMSTEC a stronger, more effective and result-oriented organization for achieving a peaceful, prosperous and sustainable Bay of Bengal Region.
Sister Nivedita and Scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful testimony to this.
Growth is projected to remain among the highest in the world.
Gangtok has started work on rain water harvesting.
The Prime Minister regretted that in India, most of the narrative has been built around the lives of those in power, or the ruling class.
“Independent India owes a debt of gratitude to Malaya-Indians.
The Chief Minister presented a memorandum to the Prime Minister, and the Prime Minister assured him of all possible support.
We have added more capacity to renewable energy than conventional energy in 2017.
The terminal at Hollongi will be constructed at a cost of Rs 955 crore with an area of 4100 sq m and has peak handling capacity of 200 passengers per hour.
We are building the next generation infrastructure at a higher pace and with an eye to the future.
The Prime Minister made a special mention of many retiring MPs and their contributions.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
We will discuss our respective visions and priorities for national development, particularly in the context of current and future international situation.
It is natural for our countrymen to be curious about it.
I am concerned about your children’s exams as much as you are, but I am not worried.
He said the Swachh Bharat Mission is also proving effective in controlling disease.
85. Recognizing tourism’s great potential to contribute to sustainable economic and social development, we welcome the initiative to establish a BRICS Working Group on Tourism, to foster greater cooperation between the BRICS countries and increase economic development and people-to-people relations.
The Prime Minister, along with the Home Minister and other delegates, later left for the White Rann, a short distance from Tent City.
Buddhism, along with other faiths, such as Confucianism, Taoism and Shintoism, has undertaken greater responsibility to protect the environment.
Accordingly, the Negotiable Instruments (Amendment) Bill, 2015 (“the Bill”) in Parliament was introduced in Lok Sabha on 6th May, 2015 and considered and passed by Lok Sabha on 13th May, 2015.
As such, support for voices of peace in Afghanistan alone is not enough.
But it is also a truth that this tradition has been adversely affected gradually with times.
There has been a long hiatus since the last meeting in 2006, but I am happy that through the efforts of Home Minister Rajnath Singh ji, the process has been restarted.
It is a historic milestone in a remarkable journey that has brought India and ASEAN in a deepening partnership of great promise for their 1.9 billion people, about one-fourth of human kind.
The Prime Minister was also briefed on the decision of the Ministry of Home Affairs, to dispense with the requirement of Restricted Area Permit for foreigners visiting the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
This is a reflection of our ancient credo of VasudhaivaKutumbakam — the world is one family.
We have also started data-driven interventions such as intelligent traffic management systems.
The Prime Minister said both leaders also discussed ways to counter terrorism and radicalization.
The main recommendations of the report include bringing the behavior change and encouraging positive habits related to sanitation and cleanliness among the people.
On training, the Prime Minister said the development of soft skills is now essential, and should become a part of the training drill.
Terrorism is another shared threat that puts at risk the safety and security of our people.
· The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today, is over and above the assistance of Rs. 280 crore to Tamil Nadu, and Rs. 76 crore to Kerala, disbursed earlier this month, after Cyclone Ockhi hit the two States/UTs.
He said the partnership with Israel is key to ushering the second green revolution in India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved the launch of a new Centrally Sponsored Ayushman Bharat -National Health Protection Mission (AB-NHPM) having central sector component under Ayushman Bharat Mission anchored in the MoHFW.
But, we are a Nation that must also lead in combating climate change.
Most of these are inspiring to me.
v. The repatriation of victims would be done as expeditiously as possible and home country will undertake the safe and effective re-integration of the victims,
I will have in-depth talks with Prime Minister Netanyahu on the full spectrum of our partnership and strengthening it in diverse fields for mutual benefit.
Maldives also reiterated support for India’s candidature for non-permanent seat for the year 2020-21.
The Prime Minister mentioned that several memorials have been made to recall the contributions of freedom fighters and great leaders, in recent years.
Appreciable message by the Indian Cricket Team on making India Clean.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Australia on cooperation in the field of Health and Medicine.
Twining Agreement between Agra and Petra (Jordan)
I believe that even if the Kumbh Mela is a religious and spiritual occasion, we can turn it into a social occasion.
This would also result in compliance of the directions of the Hon’ble Supreme Court vide its Order dated 8thOctober, 2013.
The outcomes of the Conference, referred to as the ‘Nairobi Package’ include Ministerial Decisions on agriculture, cotton and issues related to least developed countries (LDCs).
On our part, we see Afghanistan as the hub for strengthening links of connectivity between South Asia and Central Asia.
Efforts are already underway in these areas.
However, great opportunities pose great challenges.
More than 670 exhibitors including over 150 international exhibitors will take part in the DefExpo.
During their meeting, both leaders agreed on the importance of maintaining peace and security in the Indian Ocean and being mindful of each other’s concerns and aspirations for the stability of the region.
I specially urge my young friends to travel across India & see first hand the diversity of our vibrant nation. ”
The Kyrgyz-India Mountain Bio-Medical Research Center is an excellent example of successful collaboration.
Last month, all of us were celebrating Diwali.
ASEAN reached the golden milestone of 50 years.
The provisions of the Bill will simplify the law governing the merchant shipping in India.
We are third among the top ten FDI destinations listed by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development.
Prime Minister Netanyahu and I agreed to do much more together to protect our strategic interests and also cooperate to combat growing radicalization and terrorism, including in cyber space.
At the IIT Bhubaneswar campus, the Prime Minister released a commemorative stamp and coin on the Paika Rebellion.
There will be a value addition in tourism only when we travel not only as a visitor but also like a student and make efforts to assimilate, understand & adapt.
And, the one that has attracted the greatest attention is the Teesta.
Traffic decongestion measures in and around the PragatiMaidan will also lead to decongestion of the area.
100 percent neem coating of Urea has also resulted in lowering expenditure on fertilizer, apart from raising productivity.
And some time ago, I was pleasantly surprised when this book was in the news again because Akbar Sahab an artist living in Abu Dhabi, proposed that he wishes to sketch the topics on which various episodes of ‘Mann Ki Baat’ were based, and without taking a single rupee Akbar sahab transformed ‘Mann Ki Baat’ into art as a gesture of his love.
Every month, the value of transaction is growing by over 30 percent.
How could we realize our resolves before 2022?
The second Swachh Shakti event, Swachh Shakti-2018 was held at Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh.
As Knowledge Partner, Bloomberg Philanthropies will also support the Ministry of Urban Development in helping design and manage the cities challenge.
The financial resources necessary to conduct research, training courses, conferences/ meetings and deputations of experts will be met from the existing allocated budget and existing plan schemes of Ministry of AYUSH.
BRICS Dialogue on Foreign Policy (25-26 July 2016, Patna).
My Friend and Hon’ble Prime Minister of Sri Lanka His Excellency Mr. Ranil Wickremesinghe
The Minister further said that other regional language versions of the website will be available in a phased manner.
He mentioned that he had brought water from the Yamuna river and soil from the Parliament House premises, for the new Capital city.
The Prime Minister had earlier participated in Yoga celebrations at Rajpath in New Delhi in 2015, the Capitol Complex in Chandigarh in 2016, and the Ramabai Ambedkar Sabha Sthal in Lucknow in 2017.
We have a strong, investment friendly policy framework in place to boost domestic hydrocarbon production.
These defence industrial corridors will utilize the existing defence manufacturing ecosystems in these regions, and further build upon it.
This proposal of the Thrissur Municipal Corporation related to widening of the existing Pattalam road, to have accident-free movement of traffic, will benefit people of the area.
PMSSY has two components: (i) Setting up of AIIMS like institutions (ii) Upgradation of Government Medical Colleges/Institutions.
We are important regional partners linking South and Southeast Asia.
In Thiruvananthapuram, PM Shri Narendra Modi will visit the Padmanabhaswamy Temple .
We cannot live in an atmosphere of despair and unhappiness, he asserted.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi had approved setting up of AIIMS at Thoppur in Madurai on 17.12.2018.
Training centres and skill development centres have been opened in every district of the country for the skill development of youth.
The Prime Minister will also address the gathering.
Along with Khadi, handloom must also be given equal importance.
The defence land is being transferred on lease basis at a nominal rent of Rs. 1/- per annum without any premium in terms of existing Government policy on the subject.
He will launch NNM- ICDS Common Application Software.
In our discussion today, I once again assured President Abbas that India is committed to take care of the interests of the Palestinian people.
It was a war not of Afghan making, but it was one that stole the future of an entire generation of Afghans.
This has resulted in increased FDI inflow, which year after year is making new records.
Hence I appeal to you, I appeal to all of you because one-hundred and twenty-five crore people of India have faith in your signature.
Tata Memorial hospital under DAE is a premier research institution in the field of cancer research and treatment.
IPPB will hence significantly augment the reach of the banking sector in India.
And, the flow of goods, services and capital between us generates jobs in both our societies.
President Putin and I have held long conversations on the challenges that confront the world today.
And, not just a negative notion of peace defined by the absence of conflict.
For the last one month, environmentally conscious citizens have constantly written letters to me.
He said, “the bill has cleared the decks for grant of Indian citizenship to the sons and daughters of Mother India residing in Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan.
Six Presidential Orders were issued between 1950 and 1978 for specifying Scheduled Castes in respect of various States/Union territories.
All the above-mentioned dignitaries expressed strong support for UN reforms and India’s candidature for the permanent membership of a reformed UN Security Council.
The annual financial implication for both schemes combined would be around Rs. 134.4 crore at present level of salaries of the employees.
Shri Narendra Modi said that two pictures of Mahatma Gandhi, one with a broom, and the other, seeing something through a microscope, show what a diverse personality he had.
CEOs appreciated the Prime Minister for his policy initiatives and the work done in recent times towards ease of doing business.
India is one of the Founder Members of the Organization and is the largest contributor in terms of membership contribution of US$ 141,100 apart from contributing by way of providing 70 fully paid training scholarships for Human Resource Development Programme under the Indian Technical & Economic Cooperation Programme (ITEC) to the Organization.
He said reform has always come to our society from within, whenever required.
So is this our mother- Bharat Mata.
He said that from helping to build infrastructure, the organization is now progressing to building lives (jeevan-nirmaan).
Keep going at it.
I carry their greetings and warm wishes of friendship with me to this House and for all the people of Uganda.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the signing and ratification of the Extradition Treaty between India and Afghanistan.
We need to accelerate this further.
The IBSA Fund was conferred the South-South Partnership Award at the 2006 UN Day event held in New York in December 2006.
The Prime Minister said that through this scheme, Rs. 75,000 crore will be transferred to farmers’ accounts every year.
We are interested in launching joint projects on exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbons in the Arctic shelf of the Russian Federation.
Thus ever since the day it became public knowledge that rainfall this year is expected to be between 106% and 110% it seems as if tidings of peace and happiness have come.
We all hailed the commendable performance by our Divyang Players at Rio Paralympics.
India and Malaysia have a bilateral Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement since 2011.
And very specially to our neighbouring countries.
I have been talking about the need for greater sharing of physical and research infrastructure, which is expensive and has an increasingly short lifetime.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructural and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region, at a rapid rate.
• Sharing information on a real time or near real time basis, when practical and consistent with existing bilateral arrangements, about malicious cybersecurity threats, attacks and activities, and establishing appropriate mechanisms to improve such information sharing;
However, there is tremendous further potential in India-Germany economic collaboration.
I am looking forward to my meeting with PM Costa.
6000 women sarpanches from across the country had assembled in Gujarat on the occasion of International Women’s Day under the banner of Swachh Shakti 2017.
The GSLV – MKIII D1/GSAT-19 mission takes India closer to the next generation launch vehicle and satellite capability.
This gives us the window of opportunity to create an all-new, seamless mobility eco-system.
Let me begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
It aims to minimize the regulatory burden and provide support to startups.
All the states of India will get equal opportunity for development.
These projects will also provide increased employment opportunities, development of small and medium industries and give a boost to economic development in the area.
You see, all these new experiments, these skills are such that they will bring you joy and will remove you from the limitations of life to which you’re tied down!
iv. Enable DPI and Quick response (QR) code-based payment acceptance; and
He has expressed his gratitude to Hon’ble Prime Minister for his guidance & Support.
Fee regulation for 50% seats in private medical institutions and deemed universities:
That is faster than the time you will take to reach Chennai.
Though we have become the third biggest producer of steel, we need to add lot of value in it.
It further aims at bringing reforms in the medical education of Homoeopathy in lines with the National Medical Commission proposed for setting up for Allopathy system of medicine.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the construction of 69 Bridges including Approach Roads on the Tamu-Kyigone-Kalewa (TKK) road section of the Trilateral Highway in Myanmar at a cost of Rs.371.58 crore.
He said that Indian Industry had joined all other sections of Indian society, in national interest, at that time.
The Prime Minister said this was a unique opportunity for officers to deliver their utmost for the benefit of the nation.
He said Russia helped us when we faced war, and the Indian jawans were victorious.
In Uganda, Prime Minister will deliver a Keynote address at the Parliament of Uganda – the first Indian Prime Minister to address the Ugandan Parliament.
Many people wrote poems and these days I post drawings made by our young children on social media and praise their efforts.
But, to tell you the truth, this time we did not feel so.
Our farmers across the country have got more than 10 crore soil health cards made so that they may understand their soil better and accordingly sow the crop.
That Cho had mastered the art of satire, humour and irony need not be overstated.
Government of Japan has offered 20 seats per year for master degree course from the universities of Japan, for serving Indian Railways officials.
• An innovative model of R&D cooperation between India and Canada will be implemented under a MoU concluded by the Department of Science and Technology with the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (NSERC) of Canada.
He said, “ My tribute to martyr Nazir Ahmad Wani and all other brave soldiers who laid down their lives for the nation and peace.
In fact this scheme is meant for the benefit of such underprivileged people.
While some of you are already deeply involved in India, others are just discovering the possibilities that remain to be tapped.
The Department of Posts will get an equal area of land of 16.5 cents which is about 200 metres away from the existing Thrissur Central Post Office.
The idea of setting up 1.5lakh Health Wellness Centers spread over all the major panchayats of the country is commendable.
Since then, the Jews have flourished, and their traditions and practices thrived in India.
An area which I believe still remains untapped and needs attention is the possibility of utilising India’s large coastline for transportation and freight movement.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved appointment of Second National Judicial Pay Commission (SNJPC) for Subordinate Judiciary in the country.
During the launch of ‘Ek Bharat Shresht Bharat’on 31st October 2016, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said “Sardar Patel gave us Ek Bharat.
It affords protection to all beings, offering shade even to the axe-man who destroys it.”
India was amongst the first countries to establish diplomatic relations with the European Economic Community in 1962.
We will continue to work tirelessly for your socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
A small gift by Mahatma Gandhi, has become a part of her life and a part of history.
India will fully support them and they will ultimately achieve success in this very important step in the direction of women empowerment; I am fully confident about this.
The university plans to use latest pedagogy and technology applications (satellite based tracking, Radio Frequency Identification and Artificial Intelligence) to improve on-the-job performance and productivity.
In the last two sessions of the science congress, I presented before you several key challenges and opportunities for the nation.
“Logistics Data Bank Project”, a DMIC project which contributes to efficient logistics/supply chain by visualization of international marine container transportation using RFID tag at related port/inland facility, is further contributing to improvement in the business environment.
Vande Bharat Express has 16 air-conditioned coaches of which 2 are executive class coaches.
According to him the industry was an effective medium by which jobs could be made available to the poorest of the poor and the poorer.
The 4-day event saw ministers and sanitation sector leaders from all around the world participating and share their experiments and experiences.
And we will have to take it forward.
As we increase the level of our ambition for our people, we will also have to increase the scale of our efforts.
All toilets are bio-vacuum type.
I am happy to learn that the state Government is up-scaling the TB Free Chennai initiative and seeking to eliminate TB in the state by 2023 itself.
I am happy that the State government is working to reduce the problems faced by the girls in Hill and Tribal areas for their education.
Namaskar and a very good evening to all of you!
The VCI will expand its activities related to upgradation of skill of inservice Veterinary professionals by conducting short courses on latest update in research areas of Animal Sciences.
After expiry of initial period of seven years, the future lease period will be made afresh as per AAI policy in-vogue.
India will continue to be a willing partner in meeting the energy needs of Bangladesh, and its goal of achieving ‘Power for all by 2021’.
India and Afghanistan have already signed an “Agreement on strategic partnership” between the two countries in October, 2011.
I would encourage the private sector stakeholders on both sides to take lead in utilizing this perfect opportunity to build business ties of commerce and investment between our two countries in these areas.
2.The length of Bhadbhada to RatnagiriTiraha corridor is 12.88 km comprising of 14 stations all elevated.
He will address the gathering.
NBCC and HSCL are Government of India enterprises with similar lines of business activities.
ICAI has strong presence of 3 Chapters at Eastern Province covering Jeddah, Riyadh and Saudi Arabia, having more than 200 members who have been engaged at different professional level.
In November 2016, the country lost one such eminent scientist and institution builder, Dr. M.G.K. Menon.
He said this was in a way, symbolic of the nation’s capital moving to Amaravathi.
The Xiamen Declaration signed in China on digital economy by the BRICS leaders had highlighted the importance of the digital economy and how the BRICS nations could leverage the thriving and dynamic digital economy that will foster global economic development and benefit everyone.
Budgetary support for funding flood moderation component of hydropower projects on case to case basis; and
A high level Russian delegation would visit India to organize investment road-shows and promote greater Indian investments in the Far East.
Shri Chandrashekar Rao also thanked the Prime Minister for the amendments to the CAMPA (Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management and Planning Authority) Act.
• our farmers are capable;
The Prime Minister said that it is believed that Haryana has only farmers, but businessmen from the State have also had exemplary success.
Speaking in Hindi and English, he said such gatherings reinforce the identity of overseas Indians as the members of one family with shared history and culture.
It benefits less than 20% of the farmers.
An Apex Monitoring Authority under the chairpersonship of the Finance Minister will be constituted to periodically review the activities of NICDIT and progress of the projects.
He said that in the last four years, approximately 1.15 crore houses have been constructed, and nearly 2 crore more houses are to be constructed, to achieve the goal by 2022.
ASEAN’s economy continues to forge ahead with dynamism and energy.
We are still new in power but we have already registered eighteen hundred cases since we took charge; we have taken action against government employees.
There is no financial implication with regard to the proposed IIIT PPP Bill, 2017
There is absolutely no need to spend much on wedding reception or any other item.
Of course, where the testing of physical fitness is required, the norms and system could vary there.
Speaking about the welfare of Indians overseas, Mr. Modi said passport and visa rules have been simplified and e visa had made it much easier for them to travel.
The policy advocates:-
They will be briefed on work plan of the Centre.
No martyr, no family is an exception to that.
On completion of these corridors, the Metro commuters will have more interchange stations which will connect the new corridors with the existing lines of Delhi Metro.
You would be aware that for the facilities and respect that workers have earned, we are grateful to Babasaheb.
We are also bound by our Buddhist traditions.
He added, “The farmers here turned to dairy and animal husbandry.
The customer will not be charged.
The seas that surround the Indian peninsula, connect us to some of the world’s biggest markets, including Africa, the Middle East and Europe.
Vanakkam to all of you,
Thereafter, any dues recoverable up to the effective date of transfer shall be the liability of the buyer.
The Prime Minister noted that this significant victory of MDP signifies a resounding endorsement of the policies and efforts of its leaders, who have worked with deep commitment for the people of Maldives.
And you have given some sound advice.
He was away from public life and politics for over a decade; and yet there was such an outpouring of emotion at his passing.
We need to value enterprise and hard work, not wealth.
The innermost being of man manifests godliness.
We later realise that it’s a new house and the bathroom is on the right side in this house.
He was addressing a public gathering today before flagging off Vande Bharat Express between New Delhi and Varansi from New Delhi Railway Station.
Mr. John Chambers, Chairman of US-India Strategic Partnership Forum called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in Gandhinagar today.
1. Expanding opportunities for the development of business cooperation in the field of medical equipment, including equipment for teaching and research laboratories of institutions of medical education, and pharmaceutical products; 2.
MOU between India and Palestine for construction of India Palestine Centre for Empowring women, “Turathi” at a cost of US $5 million
Gurupurab wishes to everyone.
I assure that the Government of India stands committed for extending all necessary support for efforts of the state in tackling these diseases.
He recalled the warm association that Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman shared with India.
Start-Ups are filed in 28 States, 6 Union Territories and 419 districts.
After careful consideration, this was not accepted.
Besides, the soil quality also improved.
The event witnessed the presence of spiritual leaders, scholars, academicians and theologists from Egypt, Jordan, Turkey, UK, USA, Canada, Pakistan and other nations.
Since we are referring to healthcare, I would like to mention the social endeavour of doctors in Bijnor, Uttar Pradesh.
Adi Shankaracharya preached the doctrine of Advaita (Non-dualism) that postulates the identity of the Self (Atman) and the Whole (Brahman[).
Further, availability of Ground Lighting Facilities, Instrument Landing System for operation of aircrafts at night, adequate runway length to cater to medium capacity long-range aircraft or equivalent type of aircraft, availability of Customs, Immigration, Health and Animal & Plant Quarantine Services are also required for international operations.
Look at the big bungalows and big cars around you.
2. Memorandum of Cooperation in the field of Japanese Language Education in India was signed during the visit of the Japanese Prime Minister to India on 14 September 2017.
This step follows the recent amendment of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement with Mauritius.
The Prime Minister urged the officials to work towards ensuring that the benefits from increase in solar energy capacity, reach the farmers, through appropriate interventions such as solar pumps, and user-friendly solar cooking solutions.
The IALA, having headquarters at St. Germainen Laye (France) was established in 1957 under French law.
I also look forward to meeting Prime Minister of Nepal, Rt. Hon. K.P. Sharma Oli and reviewing the progress we have made in our bilateral ties since my last visit to Nepal in May 2018.
This will include an India-Africa Development Fund of 100 million U.S. dollars and an India-Africa Health Fund of 10 million U.S. dollars.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, chaired by the Prime Minister, had approved the construction, operation and maintenance of this tunnel between Baltal and Minamarg, on the Srinagar-Leh section of NH-1A, at a total cost of Rs 6800 crore earlier this year.
For nearly five decades, he was in charge of Thuglak.
Desirous of strengthening their maritime cooperation for promotion of peace, stability and bringing in robust economic growth and prosperity to the Indo-Pacific region;
There are 1 crore 25 lakhs branches of banks.
President Rouhani visited Hyderabad on 15-16 February 2018.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate that the Government remains committed to provide the best support to our Scientists and Scientific Institutions.
The Prime Ministers reaffirmed the importance of free trade as a catalyst for achieving inclusive growth and realising the Sustainable Development Goals.
You have also stood by us in times of sorrow.
Exchanged on Indian side by
Reviewing the work done in Andaman and Nicobar Islands, the Prime Minister emphasized on the need for developing an integrated tourism-centric ecosystem, in the areas identified for tourism development.
The Prime Minister urged the officers to work towards improving the processes of governance.
What is even better is that Usha ji has continued her association with sports.
He assured them of the Government of India’s full support for making the Panchayati Raj model a success, and responsive to the people’s basic necessities and grievances.
It makes even better business sense to Make in India.
Their exit was completely blocked.
He said the National Sports University is being established, keeping in mind the talent and sporting capability of the youth in the North East.
President Peña Nieto has ushered in far reaching reforms.
To give you an idea of the scale, the previous Government made only 25 lakh houses!
To enable this transformation, in the last few years, my Government has undertaken substantial reforms.
I have a vision for India where achievements of our economic development are respectful to mother earth.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will embark his visit to Portugal, USA and Netherlands tomorrow.
It will also have an AYUSH department with 30 beds for providing treatment facilities in traditional system of medicine.
Shri Narendra Modi said that anonymity is one of the greatest strengths of the civil services.
If the valourousBhagwanBirsaMunda made us aware of our existence & identity, far-sightedJamsetji Tata created great institutions for the country.
Someone told me that in Khandwa, an old gentleman met with an accident.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
India is committed to engage with all Tiger Range Countries for this purpose.
The Agreement is on similar lines as entered into by India with other countries.
Rs. 6500 crores has been assessed before the new Black Money Act was implemented.
It will make life easier for the people in these villages.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
The provision of capping the premium rate, which existed in earlier schemes, and resulted in low claims being paid to farmers, has been done away with.
Terrorism should not be equated with any particular religion.
The Prime Minister said that all of us, who may not have got a chance to lay down our lives for the nation, should take the opportunity to live for the nation.
The Shailesh Nayank Committee held wide ranging consultations with State Governments and other stakeholders and submitted its recommendations in 2015.
Talent Facilitation: The exchange of talents between India and Japan is essential to synergize the competitiveness and experience of industries in both countries.
Production of pulses became a concerns, but despite all that we tried our best to control the situation and compared to previous governments, I and my government did not allow the cost of a poor man’s thaali (plate) to be unaffordable.
India will progress when the girl child shines.
Praying for a year filled with joy, good health and prosperity.
Background:
He said that it was the strength and wisdom of Sardar Patel’s decision making that had thwarted all evil designs, and ensured the emergence of modern, independent India.
99. Emphasising the importance of BRICS parliamentary exchanges, including of Women Parliamentarians, we look forward to further strengthening of BRICS exchanges in this regard.
I am certain that my countrymen, if they are in the habit of behaving in this way with the poor will now stop doing so.
Following are the main features of the Bill:
The Economist magazine has called India the new frontier for E-Commerce.
MoU on International Academic and Sports Exchange between Lakshmibai National Institute of Physical Education (LNIPE)and Nippon Sports Science University, Japan (NSSU)
No one has the right to take the law into one’s own hands in the name of one’s beliefs.
In course of the interaction, the Prime Minister appreciated the work done by the Secretaries over the last year and a half.
This help cannot be obtained till someone donates their organs.
IARI-Jharkhand would work on the agrarian challenges and complexities of eastern India with all existing Central and State Government R&D institutions and Private sector enterprises.
11. The Sides noted that the first meeting of the Strategic Economic Dialogue between NITI Aayog of India and the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation would be held later in 2018 in Russia.
The Prime Minister said that the postman has long been a respected and accepted person in the villages.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today gifted 200 cows to villagers who do not yet own a cow, under the Rwandan Government’s Girinka Programme.
Digital payments in India has grown significantly in last four years, making Indian economy digital and transparent.
Projects under PMSSY:
“Happy to welcome the first Air Freight Corridor flight from Kabul.
(iii) Anti-trafficking Cells and Task Forces will work on both sides to prevent human trafficking.
It was a BJP supported non-Congress Government that did both these things.
The Prime Minister assured the Dalit Entrepreneurs that the Government is working for their benefit.
· BRICS National Statistical Office Meeting
7. India is now the fastest growing large economy with the most open investment climate.
He said over one lakh Panchayats in the country are now connected via broadband.
He also assured the people of north east that their state will not be harmed through Citizenship (Amendment) Bill.
Advancement of the Budget presentation:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released the book “Judicial Reforms – Recent Global Trends” and presented the first copy to President Pranab Mukherjee.
Malaysia is at the core of our ‘Act East Policy.’
He called for the use of latest technology inputs to improve the pace and quality of work.
We have always believed that the development of the state is possible only if we all walk together and stay united.
The relationship developed over the past few years is strategic in nature and of Mutual benefit.
The first BRICS-BIMSTEC Outreach Summit will be held later today.
It may be recalled that effective from midnight of 14th November, 2017 the GST rate has been slashed from 28% to 18% on goods falling under 178 headings.
It will also enable the provision of adequate support to educational institutes for knowledge sharing, availability of job opportunities and fulfil the vision of Digital India.
However, more investment is required in contract farming, raw material sourcing and creating agri linkages.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, Shri Prakash Javadekar, will sign the agreement on behalf of India on 22 April 2016 at the high level signature ceremony convened by the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Ban Ki-moon.
We promised them that for every connection given up one poor family currently without gas would be given a connection.
In view of this, it will not only facilitate the direct connectivity but also connectivity through 3rd country carriers.
Low or zero tax rate is given to certain types of financial income.
Five years was all it took to achieve the objective of independence, once the entire country shared this common resolve, the Prime Minister said.
It will set up Defence Innovation Hubs throughout the country to provide necessary incubation and infrastructure support to the start-ups in defence area.
From space shuttles to pollution control; from health to education; from agriculture to services; our young entrepreneurs and start-ups are showing us newer and faster ways for enterprise and delivery.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a plaque to mark the launch of Digital Nerve Centres for primary healthcare.
Mr. Bimalendra Nidhi briefed the Prime Minister about recent developments in Nepal.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today received the first-ever Philip Kotler Presidential award, at 7 Lok Kalyan Marg, in New Delhi.
We tried our level best to save Mohammed Shahid but sadly, neither our help nor prayers were enough to save him.
Heads of State and Health Ministers from various countries and 1200 delegates would be participating in this forum.
This is my first visit to Sweden.
This decision will take care of employees’ welfare as well as prevent recurrent loss to the public exchequer.
In a series of tweets from his account, the Prime Minister said:
c. Mutual technical assistance, including exchanging of experts.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the cylinder blast in Jhabua.
It need not be defined by narrow linguistic or religious identities.
Food processing is a way of life in India.
Under the existing guidelines for private sector participation in Major Ports issued by the Ministry of Shipping (MoS) in 1996 and 1998, provisions have been made for allotment of waterfront and land on a captive basis to Port Based Industries including Central/State Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs) which fulfil the prescribed eligibility criteria.
It has also helped in capacity building and adoption of global best practices, by government agencies.
He said that the Girinka Programme will help transform villages in Rwanda.
In terms of the reach & depth of communication, radio has been incomparable.
In the agricultural sector, the Prime Minister spoke of the increase in support price of Copra.
“Historic jump in ‘Ease of Doing Business’ rankings is the outcome of the all-round & multi-sectoral reform push of Team India.
You may recall the economic situation in May 2014 when you entrusted us with an onerous responsibility.
This will further grow by about 200 million metric tons by 2030.”, he added.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Equatorial Guinea for Cooperation in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine.
10. The leaders strongly condemned the recent terrorist attacks in many parts of the world, underlining their common concern about the global threat posed by terrorism and extremism.
Striking an emotional cord with the people of Haryana, PM said the state has been a pioneer from the launch of one rank one pension to beti bachao beti padhao and also the first beneficiary of the Ayushmann bharat scheme was a daughter from Haryana.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for signing a Joint Declaration of Intent (JDI) between India and Germany on cooperation in the field of Health.
The bilateral relations between India and Japan have a long history rooted in spiritual affinity and strong cultural and civilizational ties.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of taking pride in our history, and in our rich archaeological heritage.
It will boost the importance of AYUSH systems of medicine and conservation, production and standardisation.
During the freedom movement, the lawyers had placed their lives at stake for the freedom of India.
Where necessary, we have shed the burdens of our past for the progressive future of our region.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Bolivia in the Field of Traditional Systems of Medicine and Homoeopathy.
3.President Enrique Peña Nieto elaborated on the structural reforms undertaken in Mexico to promote economic growth and development.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Monday reviewed the progress of preparations towards the launch of the ambitious Health Assurance programme under Ayushman Bharat.
(28). Swachh Bharat Grading/Rating may be done for all Gram Panchayats, Municipalities, Blocks, Districts and States every year to promote competition among them.
The whole world is be wildered at the way they held on with courage and patience, without losing hope, despite the odds against them in the water-logged dark cave.
He said the schemes of the Union Government such as Skill India Mission, Start Up India, Mudra Yojana, and Make in India, all have elements of Dr. Mukherjee’s vision.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the strengths, skills and achievements of the girl child, on National Girl Child Day.
This aims to provide equity partnerships for small infrastructure development in sectors like water & sanitation, clean energy and urban infrastructure.
The CEOs appreciated the Prime Minister for energetic and dynamic leadership, and expressed optimism about the future of India.
New India is not possible without a New Tamil Nadu.
Under the Scheme, Rs 6,000 will be given per year to small and marginal farmer families having combined land holding/ownership of upto 2 hectares.
Protection of civilians and territorial integrity is fundamental and all parties to the conflict and their supporters are expected to live up to their commitments.
We have also made progress in opening new areas of cooperation during this visit in drug regulation, agricultural research and on cyber security issues.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the progress made in the aviation sector, and in providing housing, power, clean fuel, health and banking services to the people.
You can also experience for yourself that a little attachment to an animal or a bird makes you feel very happy.
You have demonstrated exceptional leadership, in managing the tensions that emerged due to the delay.
In the last few years we have witnessed a very healthy competition amongst States to attract investment and industries in their respective States.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the opening session of the 49th Conference of Governors at Rashtrapati Bhawan.
We are a Founding Member of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and the New Development Bank.
The emerging needs of the industry and the economy, as a whole for skilled technical manpower is expected to be met from the talent pool of trained personnel of the Institute.
However, he feels, that in a way, this is what ignites an innovative zeal in our youth.
The Union Cabinet today approved implementation of ‘Prime Minister’s Research Fellows (PMRF)’ scheme at a total cost of Rs.1650 crore for a period of seven years beginning 2018-19.
I admire the way in which they have created and sustained their global brands.
The farmers will have a facility within 5 to 15 kilometres of his land, to connect him with markets.
Uruguay is an important trading partner of India among members of the MERCOSUR, a trading block in Latin America.
Minimum TRCA of two types of proposed categories of GDSs as per working hours / levels
These are energy access, energy efficiency, energy sustainability and energy security.
In other words the most employment-intensive sector of the economy gets the least credit!
They emphasized that the global counter terrorism legal framework should be regularly updated to address the changing threat of terrorism with strength, and underscored that any measures taken to counter terrorism comply with international law.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveiled the state of art, super-speciality public hospital – Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences and Research in Ahmedabad today.
They too had come and when I was shaking hands, it was filled with great energy was very inspiring.
The two Prime Ministers had earlier met during the first India- Nordic summit in Stockholm in April 2018.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the entrepreneurs who have made good use of the Mudra Loans.
c)Exchange and dissemination of best practices, experiences and knowledge on IP with the industry, universities, R & D organisations and Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) through participation in programs and events in the matter, organized singly or jointly by the Parties;
(b) A Committee comprising of Secretary, Department of Sports, DG, SAI and Financial Adviser, Deptt. of Sports has been authorized to make necessary adjustments for any changes in venues to remove difficulties in consultation with All India Football Federation (AIFF) /FIFA.
Raising bonds is intended to bridge this gap.
The Prime Minister said that the Government has also been making efforts at conserving the rich cultural heritage of the country.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and France in the field of Renewable Energy on 10th March, 2018 in New Delhi.
All political parties must co-operate in this regard.
They were totally positive, suggestion oriented and constructive.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO for the successful launch of GSLV – MKIII D1/GSAT-19 mission.
We emphasized the central role for the WTO as the cornerstone of the multilateral trade architecture.
We have to touch lives, while reaching for the sky.
Keeping in view the State specific requirements, States/ UTs will have the flexibility to modify these rates within a limited bandwidth.
Once again, I congratulate Shri Arun Jaitley ji and I assure my countrymen that this budget is a budget of your dreams.
The use of non-conventional materials such as waste plastic, cold mix, geo-textiles, fly ash, iron and copper slag is being pushed aggressively.
The Prime Minister has offered all possible assistance from India to Pakistan.
It will double the production of LPG & diesel and commence production of feedstock for petrochemical projects in this plant.
This is a country where both theists and atheists ; idolaters and those loathing idol-worship co-exist.
India’s bilateral trade with Croatia during 2012-13, 2013-14 and 2014-15 were US$ 152.01million, US$ 148.86 million and US$ 205.04 million respectively.
There are many dimensions to our connected histories.
Literature talks of merchants in Mandvi port in Gujarat eagerly awaiting the arrival of Swahili boats.”
Now, these millions are part of our banking system, and words like ‘interest rate’ have a meaning for them.
The arc of influence of Indian Ocean extends well beyond its littoral limits.
“In remembrance of our heroes who have been awarded gallantry awards since Independence, launched the site http://gallantryawards.gov.in/
India was also associated with the Paris Peace Accord and its finalization in 1991.
Since the names of these cities have been changed, it is appropriate and logical that the names of these High Courts also get changed.
Nearly 133 districts are under oil palm cultivation in these 12 states, However, all the potential states of Oil palm are covered under NMOOP.
More than 90 percent approvals have been put on automatic route.
It envisages cooperation in the field of electoral management and administration and providing a leg-up to it in conducting elections in their respective countries.
We must strengthen our ability to forecast natural disasters.
Memorandum of Understanding between Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad and National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will be visiting Afghanistan, State of Qatar, Switzerland, United States of America and Mexico from June 4, 2016 to June 8, 2016.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that there were only a few individuals who remain alive in public consciousness, even 60 years after their death.
The Framework Agreement has been signed on September 03, 2016.
The successful space cooperation is being pursued through two Implementing Arrangements in the field of Satellite Tracking Network Operations, and in the field of the ultra Violet Imaging Telescope (UVIT) Detector Subsystem, in support of the ASTROSAT astronomy mission in December 2003 and June 2004, respectively.
The Prime Minister thanked the Governors for the various inputs given during the course of the Conference.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to introduce ‘The High Courts (Alteration of Names) Bill, 2016’ in Parliament.
We will continue to support the development and capacity-building efforts of Palestine.
The Prime Minister described the Krishi Unnati Mela as a platform that could rewrite India’s destiny.
In a way, the complete food chain is connected to soil.
Further he said,” Given a choice to pick between freedom and cleanliness, I will ask for cleanliness.”
The Prime Minister announced that women officers of Short Service Commission in the Indian Armed Forces would now be eligible for permanent commission through a transparent selection process.
The governments too will need to learn a lesson that there lies a powerful society which has tremendous capabilities, energy and the determination beyond the realms of their administration.
Establishment of the proposed Appellate Tribunal would provide an appellate mechanism for the order passed by the Adjudicating Authority under the PBPT Act.
Inclusion of ‘Mishmi-Kaman’ (Miju Mishmi), Idu (Mishmi) and Taraon (Digaru Mishmi) in serial No. 8.
The Prime Minister will flag-off 5100 e-rickshaws on the occasion.
This tells every farmer the condition of his or her soil and then enables him to choose the right crop, best quantity and mix of inputs.
Today, every Indian has been working towards realising the dream of a New India.
And I started preparing most thoroughly for that.
I do not know whether I would be able to do it or not.
The impact of the development initiatives will benefit generations to come in Chhattisgarh, he added.
We have pledged to build will a new India by the time Independent India turns 75 years.
Mr. Modi drew attention of the experts on certain key policy issues relevant to India.
It also has a provision for releasing water for irrigation of 75,000 hectares of land.
In India, we are applying novel Public Private Partnership models, Infrastructure Debt Funds, and Infrastructure Investment Trusts to fund infrastructure.
Globalization has brought millions of people out of poverty.
The Middle Path shown by Buddha, speaks to all of us.
This is a Buddhist temple built in the early 12th century.
It can also reduce costs, expand economic activity and protect the planet.
60. We are convinced that trade and technology are vital sources of inclusive growth, including through economic integration and consolidation of global value chains in sustainable and equitable ways.
See if you can do it.
Targets have been met for various components, and various projects under Centre and State policies.
The increase is in accordance with the accepted formula, which is based on the recommendations of the 6th Central Pay Commission (CPC).
On asking how things were going on, I got to know about the impact in small towns.
I would like to tell all those who are related to the construction of the temple that the rulers of this place have shown so much respect for India, have given so much respect to India’s cultural traditions that now it is our responsibility not to leave any loose end, not to commit any mistake.
The 21st century has brought with it great opportunities.
Dear brothers and sisters,
The Terms of Reference for the 15thFinance Commission will be notified in due course of time.
From 6 a.m. on the 10th of March, till 10 am of the 14th of March.
Board of Management, comprising professionals and academics, shall be independent of the Managing Company with full autonomy to perform its academic and administrative responsibilities.
I am happy to be at Cancer Institute, Adyar.
Dr.BabasahebAmbedkar was always ahead of his time.
The motto of your institute is Satyam Vada, Dharmam Chara .
Honourable Members,
For decades, our brave soldiers wearing blue helmets have played a stellar role in ensuring maintenance of World Peace.
There are more than 60 lakh volunteers associated with the platform, giving ideas, suggestions and doing various volunteer activities, playing a huge role in building of a New India, Shri Modi said.
There is no precedent globally, to what India has done.
We have been hearing and saying Ahimsa Parmo Dharmah from our childhood.
With the present decision of the Cabinet a long pending demand of the Armed Forces has been redressed.
The expenditure for the operationalization of IIITDM Kurnool is incurred from the Plan funds of the Ministry of Human Resource Development.
Then he spent another eight years in an orphanage.
I declare the exhibition open and hope you will all have an opportunity to experience it.
The GFA was signed, in New Delhi on 11th February this year during the state visit of Crown Prince of UAE.
Also as per the provisions of the Prohibition of Employment as Manual Scavengers and their Rehabilitation Act, the NCSK has been assigned the work to monitor the implementation of the Act, tender advice for its effective implementation to the Centre and State Governments and enquire into complaints regarding contravention/non-implementation of the provisions of the Act.
Through the Swachh Bharat Mission, we are attempting to establish the link between community hygiene and personal health.
This indicates the importance and recognition of the IBSA Fund in the context of South-South developmental cooperation.
The ocean waters of the Indo-Pacific that lap the coast of Japan also form the surf that breaks on the shores of India.
The U5MR annual rate of decline during 2015-16 was 9.3%;
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Cadre review of Group ‘A’ Executive Cadre of Central Industrial Security Force (CISF).
Israelis and Indians are innovative by birth.
The foundation stone will be laid for the Panchkoshi Parikrama Marg, and several projects under the Smart City Mission and Namaami Gange.
And, shape our partnership and engagement in a manner that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and also touches your lives.
These are suggestions that have emerged out of a certain squeeze of life’s experiences.
Among adults, 96 per cent people have Aadhaar cards.
Indian LED bulbs are now the cheapest and most competitive in the world, costing less than a dollar versus a global average of 3 dollars.
I would like to specially appeal to the entire political class to place implicit faith in the people.
Amendment in Proviso to Clause 7 of the Bill will bring more clarity about the said clause.
The Prime Minister was informed about progress made in digitisation of the transport sector.
My thoughts are with the countless people inspired by Dayananda Saraswati ji.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United States of America (USA) concerning Scientific and Technical Cooperation in the Earth Sciences.
They emphasised that India and Viet Nam play important roles in safeguarding and strengthening such an open, transparent, inclusive and rules-based regional architecture and in further strengthening of cooperation with ASEAN.
• Under this MoU, the India-Canada Centre for Innovative Multidisciplinary Partnership to Accelerate Community Transformation and Sustainability (IC-IMPACTS) programme will be supported to promote India-Canada multidisciplinary research partnerships.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given Ex-post facto approval to the modifications carried out in the replacement Bill, which replaced the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (Amendment) Bill 2017, and which has been passed by the Parliament as the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (Amendment) Act, 2018.
He will also inaugurate the Exhibition “Chetiya Carika: The Pilgrimage and Quest for Truth.”
Our festivals are in themselves campaigns of social reform too.
The Prime Minister said that working closely with Chandra Shekhar ji, Harivansh ji knew in advance that Chandra Shekhar ji would resign.
From tiny tots to Grandfather-Grandmother, when we all play these games together then the term ‘Generation Gap’ disappears on its own.
India is today the world’s fastest growing large economy.
He also spoke about immunization.
Thereafter, the institutes are expected to meet their running cost / maintenance cost from the internal generation of funds.
Significant progress has already been made under SBM(G), and with the mission nearing its final, accelerated progress is being seen across States and UTs.
Our processes are transparent and sensitive, he added.
Prime Minister expressed confidence that AIIB along with the BRICS New Development Bank would play an instrumental role in development of infrastructure in the Asia region.
Our Ministers have covered virtually all African nations.
It will increase the share of domestic production in India’s demand from 60 percent to 80 percent thus making India a net exporter of capital goods.
The great respect and admiration that the nation has for our Armed Forces, will find expression this festive season, through a unique campaign being led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The Centre will help in utilizing the rich biodiversity of India to develop special rice varieties.
This year, as you said Excellency, we mark the 70th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between India and the Netherlands and it is absolutely, therefore natural that we focus even more on our bilateral relations.
Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster shared his perspective with Prime Minister on the security situation in the extended region, including in Afghanistan, West Asia and the DPRK.
So is the theme laid down by Yogi ji that his institution is still dynamic and thrashing even after his exit from the centre stage.
Pays homage at Gandhi Statue in Parliament Square, London.
They had to open zero balance accounts.
This Scheme would be implemented over three years, namely, the FY 2016-17, 2017-18 and 2018-19.
This will benefit about 50 lakh Government employees and 58 lakh pensioners.
The MoU is expected to provide impetus to India – Israel ties in the energy sector.
Arun Ji has vividly explained that once GST is in place, all sorts of taxes like sales tax, VAT etc. will cease to exist.
(ii) Training: A new High-Speed Rail Training Institute is being built at the National Academy of Indian Railways campus in Vadodara utilizing Japanese ODA Loan through JICA.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
· Hokkaido University signed four Academic Exchange Agreements and Memorandums of Understanding on Student Exchange respectively with Indian Institute of Technology Bombay(January 2018), Indian Institute of Technology Madras (March 2018), Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad (April 2018), and Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur (October 2018).
Organ donation can bring about immortality.
You may be surprised to learn that nearly 6.5 million people in India have responded to my call.
He said that several members have shared their views and there was considerable discussion on demonetization.
People of West India may not be knowing what all is there in the East!
Vacant posts of Mechanical Cadre will be utilized for filling up the same by Civil Engineers thereby merging the Mechanical Cadre with the Civil Cadre in a phased manner so that this shall not have any adverse impact on the present incumbents.
(viii) Presiding Officer and Members of the Adjudicatory Board shall be appointed by the Central Government on the recommendations of the Selection Committee.
The new Notification will boost tourism in terms of more activities, more infrastructure and more opportunities and will certainly go a long way in creating employment opportunities in various aspects of tourism.
The Prime Minister said he is happy to receive the delegation, and also happy to note that they come with a message of peace.
It is increasing productivity of individuals and our economy.
To this effect, we reaffirm our commitment to conclude the IMF’s 15th General Review of Quotas, including a new quota formula while protecting the voice of the poorest countries by the 2019 Spring Meetings and no later than the 2019 Annual Meetings.
He said the Union Government is monitoring the situation and working with the State Governments to provide assistance to all affected people.
He distributed 500 traditional wooden charkhas (spinning wheels) among women.
The Prime Minister visited the Google Headquarters, where he was received by Mr. Sundar Pichai, the CEO of Google.
Earlier, electronic returns had to be followed by a paper verification which used to take weeks to be processed.
Today, we are being called to rise above divisions and competition to work together.
It will further promote inclusive sustainable and resilient development in the areas of Consumer Protection & Legal Metrology to deal with new challenges such as misleading advertisement, telemarketing, multi-level marketing, e-commerce etc.
Workshop on Non Communicable Diseases 106.
Signed and exchanged by Palestinian side
Shri Narendra Modi said that conservation of water is a major challenge for us in this day and age.
They will require medical staff in large numbers.
He lit a candle in front of Dr. Ambedkar’s bust.
I have been a Chief Minister for a long time and I know the importance of states in the development of the country.
Prime Minister also appreciated contribution of Mr. David Cameron in strengthening India-UK ties.
PM told that it is the need of the hour “ …move to responsible pricing, which balances the interests of both the producer and consumer.
Baba Saheb Dr. Ambedkar stressed that Lord Buddha has been a great inspiration in his social philosophy.
Externally, it appears just an incident But, its extraordinary lesson is that if you place faith in the people, it leads to most handsome achievements.
Today, she presented one Pashmina shawl to the Prime Minister, during the interaction.
Opening the membership of the ISA will put solar energy in global agenda with the universal appeal for developing and deploying solar energy.
I am encouraged by the wide-ranging agenda for action that President Rahmon and I have set for our countries during this visit.
Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyay University of Health Sciences, Karnal.
He particularly mentioned the use of technology in governance, and asked the young officers to work towards technology upgradation in the working of Government.
I want to say that people will have to be made aware about the importance of cleanliness.
Transparent auction and allocation of spectrum and of key natural resources like coal, iron ore and other minerals in the last 15 months have created a level playing field for investors.
In this month of August, we have to come together and resolve: Filth – Quit India; Poverty – Quit India; Corruption – Quit India; Terrorism – Quit India; Casteism – Quit India; Communalism – Quit India!
The PM also extended his wishes to the people of Andhra Pradesh.
Such actions are not only based on trade and investment but also in matters of pollution and environment.
This is an exciting universe in which competitiveness and cooperation co-exist.
Brothers and sisters, schemes have been made in the past also.
We wish to build land, sea and air connectivity to this dynamic region.
Execution of three thousand, two hundred kilometers of gas pipeline in Eastern India has begun.
This was the third of five such interactions.
Shri Narendra Modi spoke of the historical ties and complementarities between the two countries.
I hereby declare the India International Exchange open.
The Prime Minister commended the courage and commitment of India’s brave soldiers and the talent and perseverance of its scientists, whose untiring efforts transformed the scientific achievement of nuclear tests into establishment of an immensely complex and credible nuclear triad, and dispelled all doubts and questions about India’s capability and resolve in this regard.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
With every industrial revolution, the scalability of technology has increased manifold.
Bureaucracy too has to be vibrant and in tune with leadership, he added.
Percentage annual rate of decline during 2010-2015 has accelerated to 6.1% from 3.7% observed during 1990-2010.
In India, this is one of the sectors witnessing a complete transformation.
After sometime he thinks his children should study.
The person in the Railway Station was Narendra Modi.
7. Fulfilling the objectives of Digital India.
One of the invited speakers at this event, the robot Sophia shows the potential of new technologies.
It would also need high quality projects and robust project proposals.
The two leaders discussed the regional situation and expressed grave concern at continued use of terrorism and violence in the region for achieving political objectives.
Spoke to officials and asked them to ensure all possible support to those affected.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, beneficiaries from far away villages explained electricity has transformed their lives forever.
This is important for India’s prosperity, and also our security.
You would be happy that the new Pamban rail bridge is going to be constructed now.
I think we need more satire and humour.
In the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, much of the expenditure was leaking out to touts, middlemen and the non-poor, though expenditure was recorded in the books.
Shri Narendra Modi indicated that the 28% slab of GST would soon, only be restricted to a few select items, such as luxury goods.
He said PSUs can also play a key role in reducing India’s import bill.
It is the duty of each one of us, to ensure that the quest for material prosperity does not compromise our environment.
Our aim is to create jobs for more than a billion young hands.
It felt as if we were celebrating Diwali together with a hundred and twenty five crore Indians.
Our judicial systems are independent and time tested.
And as they understand the truth better, they are now separating themselves from such elements and have started moving on the path of peace.
He will also launch the Gram Samvad App which will carry information on the progress of rural development works at the Gram Panchayat level.
• Development of Deoghar Airport
I hope it will do even better in the days to come.
Gladdened by the extensive support for Shri Ram Nath Kovind Ji among MPs & across various states.
India is the land of such saints who have seen God in everything that can be seen.
d. Provide an incentive to PLIs for increased participation in the housing and urban development sector;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Friends of India event, which featured performances of Indian art forms (classical and folk dances) by Russian artists.
Speaking on the issue of environment, raised by Chief Ministers, the Prime Minister urged all States to use LED bulbs in their government buildings, official residences and streetlights.
Provision of secure, reliable, robust, and affordable telecom facilities in these islands is of importance from a strategic point of view to the country and also an important requirement for the socio-economic development of the islands.
After receipt of IRDAI’s permission and carrying out diligence, LIC expressed its interest in acquiring 51% controlling stake to IDBI Bank.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the following decisions with regard to holding of Federation Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) Under-17 World Cup to be held in India in 2017:-
This too is a good cause otherwise the tax collection by urban bodies had never gone above 50, 60 or 70 percent.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the implementation of the rural housing scheme of Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana – Gramin.
At the memorial site, he also unveiled statues of Mahatma Gandhi and 80 Satyagrahis who had marched with him during the historic Dandi Salt March in 1930 to make salt from sea water against the British law.
With the present time bound closure of the company, the valuable assets of the company will be available for other optimum utilization.
c) The incentives will be available for investments made within 5 years from the date of approval of the project.
PM will inaugurate the electrification of 297 km long section of Jhansi- Khairar section.
We have a stated target of doubling farm incomes within five years.
He asked NITI Aayog to follow up with the States on the actionable points made by them within three months.
Earlier there used to be Dialysis only at the State capitals.
The construction of the bridge will improve regional connectivity and has potential to strengthen cross border trade between both the countries and cementing ties by strengthening industrial, social and cultural exchanges.
Your perspectives are very important to us.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Dipa Karmakar on winning Gold in vault event at FIG World Challenge Cup.
Today, Excellency Putin and I have the honour to dedicate Kudankulam nuclear power plant unit-1.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri N Biren Singh on taking oath as Chief Minister of Manipur.
The celebrations will be launched at an ASEAN-India Foreign Ministers’ Meeting in 2017.
There are possibilities for significant increase in many sectors such as agriculture, metals and minerals, oils and gas, pharmaceutical, chemicals, motor vehicles and services.
Taking necessary steps to enhance connectivity (institutional, physical, digital and people-to people) between Andaman and Nicobar Islands of India and Provinces in Sumatera Island of Indonesia to promote trade, tourism and people to people contacts; facilitate B to B linkages between the Chamber of Commerce of Andaman and the ones of the Provinces in Sumatera, including Aceh.
Therefore, I am convinced that India is best placed globally, to be an early mover in the ‘Mobility Economy’.
4. Majority of the countries worldwide, have a statutory licensing or regulatory body that is authorised to license and certify the qualifications and competence of such professionals, particularly those involved in direct patient care (such as physiotherapist, nutritionist etc.) or those whose occupation impact patient care directly (such as lab technologists, dosimetrists etc.).
The following MoUs / Documents were signed during the visit:
It has been decided to give the benefit of Rs.5000/- to PW&LM in three installment for the birth of the first live child by MWCD and the remaining cash incentive as per approved norms towards Maternity Benefit under existing programmes after institutional delivery so that on an average, a woman will get ₹ 6000/-.
For the services provided by the refiners, they will be paid a fee by the banks, as decided by them, mutually.
Over a century ago, the heroic labour connected Uganda to the shores of the Indian Ocean through railway.
You could compose as many songs and poems on Yoga, as possible, as these can be easily understood by the masses.
The MoU would benefit Indian SMEs and lead to equitables and inclusive development.
The Cadre review exercise will result in better functioning of media and communication arms of the government.
who do good to others,
Excellency Karzai Prime Minister Harper, Prime Minister Kevin Rudd, it is a pleasure to see you in Delhi.
In honour of SardarVallabhbhai Patel who bonded the entire country around a common thread of unity, India witnessed the coming up of the tallest statue in the world, ‘Statue of Unity’.
This will increase the income of the farmers.
Moreover, these mile-stones have been achieved even before some of the major recent reforms.
On this day, the Panchayati Raj system was implemented in our country.
We should evolve specific plans of cooperation in maritime security, counter-piracy and humanitarian and disaster relief.
It will provide access to information, knowledge, education, and healthcare.
A person like me, who has little knowledge of economy is still unable to understand how such a thing happened despite the presence of those top economists at that time.
And, we will preserve the treasures of Nature for the tourists to enjoy and our future generations to see.
3rdBRICS Urbanisation Forum 20.
MoU on Cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
The power to think differently and ahead of the times for the betterment of mankind is what sets entrepreneurs apart.
We are running at 7.5% per year, but will grow even faster in the coming years.
• Initiate a multi-stake holder Innovation Partnership for a Sustainable Future, underpinning our mutual commitment todrive prosperity and growth and address societal challenges such as climate change and sustainable development through innovation.
That is why such people won’t like PM Modi .
My dear countrymen, our North-East has a unique distinction of its own.
I witnessed the Gujarat earthquake of 2001, and later, as Chief Minister of the State, I worked with my people to support post-earthquake recovery.
That lends us energy and inspiration.
The two Prime Ministers underlined their joint determination to address antimicrobial resistance (AMR), noting that it poses a grave public health and economic threat to both countries.
He said that on that day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had made a strong case for introducing technology to ease the working of courts.
There were blasts in Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Bengaluru, Delhi, Mumbai, Pune and other places.
Today, in the twenty-eighth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine important infrastructure projects in the railway, road, and petroleum sectors.
The Prime Minister urged all Chief Secretaries to work expeditiously towards ensuring that all traders register under the GST regime, and this task is completed before August 15th.
India has done well in many ways and would be extremely happy to share its experience with other countries.
Long term arrangement with Kenya for production and import of pulses is being explored and discussed.
Prime Minister Modi offered to organisecustomised courses in areas of interest to Viet Nam through the ITEC programme.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Policy for award of waterfront and associated land to port dependent industries in major ports and its operationalization.
I invite all of you.
I am very happy to be here with you.
Generally, October to March is the suitable time for tourism.
Let me also mention some other indicators:
Further, the posts entail a great deal of decision-making and accountability in the functioning of the organization.
What kind of steps should be taken to strengthen the security of the country and that of the countrymen, was discussed in detail.
India is well known for its cultural affinity for gold.
As per the agreement, construction of RanjitSagar Dam (Thein Dam) and Shahpurkandi Dam was to be taken up by Punjab Govt.
He said that the vast expertise of the Secretaries in various domains of the governance, should now be leveraged to bring about “breakthroughs, rather than incremental change.”
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries.
Particularly for my farmer brothers and sisters, our new Satellite Cartosat 2D will be immensely helpful on a whole lot of subjects such as knowing how much water is there in our existing water sources, how this should be best put to use, what things to keep in mind in this regard.
This has the potential to pose unprecedented challenges and stresses to our demographic dividend.
Yet, few talk about it.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has wished Former Prime Minister, Dr. Manmohan Singh, on his birthday.
This has prompted the Government to carry out a comprehensive review of its exploration policy and strategy.
During the meeting, he explained to the Prime Minister the elements of CISCO’s Country Digitization Acceleration Programme, and how it is aligned to the Prime Minister’s vision and initiatives including Digital India, Skill India, Make in India, Start-up India, Smart Cities and Cyber Security initiatives.
Defined timelines have been prescribed to complete the various processes under the Policy.
He said the State of Jammu and Kashmir is going to get development projects worth Rs. 25,000 crore.
240 unmanned crossings have been eliminated in the first quarter of the current fiscal year.
The Agreement in Merchant Shipping will pave the way for cooperation in eliminating any hindrances which may hamper the development of sea trade between the two nations.
Our two countries are very uniquely positioned to complement each other.
People used to get down and fetch water from that tank.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited Palamu, Jharkhand.
But we can turn it into a huge opportunity by research, training and skilling in robotics, artificial intelligence, digital manufacturing, big data analysis, deep learning, quantum communication and Internet-of-Things.
And instead of talking about the virtues of financial inclusion, we have actually completed the task and brought over 200 million people into the banking system.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Dr. Zakir Hussain, former President of India, on his birth anniversary.
This is certain.
The directions have also been issued for early clearance of claims under FasalBimaYojna to agriculturists.
However, the past two weeks have been the harbinger of the welcome news of rainfall from different places, bringing in its wake a feeling of freshness.
But, you did not find any damage anywhere.
Now, there’s still a billion people in India who we need to connect to the internet.
It will have 200 general ward beds.
Through the cycle of elections and transitions of Administrations the intensity of our engagements has only grown.
Cooperation on cyber issues is a key component of the bilateral relationship between India and the United States.
The Prime Minister reiterated India’s support to an Afghan-led, Afghan-owned and Afghan-controlled peace and reconciliation process that would enable Afghanistan to continue as a united, peaceful, inclusive and democratic nation and emerge as an economically vibrant country.
It will reduce running time and result in reduced GHG (Greenhouse Gas) emissions due to reduction in diesel consumption.
One police officer P. Vijayan initiated a programme Punyam Poonkavanam and commenced a voluntary campaign of creating awareness on cleanliness.
Casteism and communalism will not help us.
The Prime Minister said that for the States that are a part of PMJAY, people can get the benefit of the scheme in whichever of these States they go to.
Prime Minister will lay foundation Stone of 30,000 houses under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
He suggested that States should focus on exports.
b) the Search and Rescue Convention 1979
We need to sow the seeds of a conflict-free world and, in this endeavour, faiths of Buddhism and Hinduism have a great contribution.
71 villages became ODF.
That is why we are here.
He mentioned the various other projects, including roads, and projects related to Namaami Gange, which were inaugurated, or for which the foundation stone was laid today.
The textile industry will have to constantly innovate and research for growth and to tap new markets.
c. Collaboration on or joint development, organization and/or conduct of training programmes on aviation safely, on topics such as safety oversight, airworthiness, flight operations, licensing, legislation and enforcement; and / or
It has a total water storage capacity of 109.31 MCum with Irrigation Potential of 7585 hectares benefitting about 21 villages of Dhule district.
These projects are cumulatively worth over 37000 crore rupees.
26. Neither by bullet: nor by abuses but by hugging we can solve the problem of Kashmir.
Out of which 11.8 acre was already in possession of Chandigarh Housing Board.
They hoped the National Reconstruction Authority begins to function as soon as possible to facilitate post earthquake reconstruction.
I have very fond memories from my two visits to Sri Lanka as Prime Minister.
PM laid the foundation stone of a six-lane bridge over mighty river Brahmaputra.
In case of IR Projects, the incentives will be available from the date of achievement of the prescribed benchmark.
Last time in ‘Mann ki Baat’ I talked about organ donation.
When I talk of wonders in the Engineering world, I am reminded of an incident of 2001 when a devastating earth quake hit Kutch in Gujarat.
This will help us ensure that we have a common understanding of the nature and severity of disaster risks in different parts of the world.
Similarly, food grain production has increased to more than 279 million tonnes in 2017-2018 compared to average of 255 million tonnes during 2010-2014.
Interacted with Professor Yash Pal extensively on many occasions including the National Children’s Science Congress in Gujarat in 2009.” the Prime Minister said.
India and Bhutan have had a long standing diplomatic, economic and cultural relations with each other.
I am confident that the Tech Summit will lay the foundation for the next phase of India-UK relationship.
This was such a fortunate coincidence.
In the same vein, he said youth in every State must focus on one sport.
b. Expert missions, exchange of experience and personnel; and
Reminding the global community to join hands in tackling the challenge of climate change, he said targets we set for ourselves at COP-21 in Paris can be achieved.
In the months to come, rural people of Jammu and Kashmir will be able to enjoy their rights.
India has always supported global efforts to counter drug trafficking and is party to several multilateral and bilateral initiatives in this regard as also United Nations (UN) led initiatives.
Reform is that which helps all citizens, and especially the poor, achieve a better life.
India is at the forefront of various initiatives of the UN and is committed to doing our best in supporting UN in their endeavours.
When I spoke at the Unite Nations last year, I briefly mentioned that the world needs to shift from ideological approach to philosophic approach.
In this regard, the completion of 100 million dollar water supply augmentation project for Dar es Salaam is a good achievement.
· BRICS Academic Forum – 28 to 31 May (Johannesburg)
I am aware that sometimes I’ll have to face criticism for empowering the people and the country instead of handing out doles.
In a telephonic call to the Prime Minister today, he said India played a critical role in making Climate Change Paris Summit an historic success.
India has improved its rank from 54 in 2014 to 35 in 2016 on the World Bank’s Logistics Performance Index.
“I am deeply saddened to learn about the sudden and untimely demise of your worthy son, His Highness Sheikh Rashid bin Mohammed Al-Maktoum.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate three medical college buildings at Hazaribagh, Dumka and Palamu.
It will be a central sector scheme with a total outlay of Rs. 3679.7674 crore.
Excellency, your visit will provide crucial push to our efforts to build new pillars in our partnership.
People in many countries of the world even learnt to utter the phrase – ‘Chai Par Charcha’.
Large segments of the developing world depend on these vehicles for mobility.
I extend my greetings to all our farmer brethren hoping for a bountiful rainfall.
The Scheme has attracted investments in the ESDM sector to the tune of Rs. 1,26,838 crore, of which investments of around Rs. 17,997 crore have been approved by the MeitY.
She has mastery in synthesizing medicines used for treatment of snake bites.
ii. The Bill provides for complete autonomy to the Institutions, combined with adequate accountability.
He said that from political leaders to the common man, everyone was imbued with this spirit.
It is an example that how the shared contribution from each consumer benefits other consumers thus creating a positive environment in the society towards one’s duties.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the media persons on National Press Day.
In order to carry forward the work on GST, we have held discussions with the state Government and the political parties.
He offered prayers at the Kedarnath Temple, and greeted a large number of people who had gathered there.
He said that the first pre-requisite of success is courage.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Japan.
Our investment into South Africa is constantly growing.
TheElection Commission is a constitutional body which conducts the largest electoral exercise in the world.
Our next question is from TS Khurana, who actually works here at Facebook.
National Mission on Transformative Mobility and Storage:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the soldiers who fought 1971 War, on the occasion of Vijay Diwas.
He said the health assurance scheme – Ayushman Bharat would be rolled out soon.
Not only this, with the simplification of technology, we do not require any big smart phones for this purpose.
In order to provide access and financial protection at secondary and tertiary care levels, the policy proposes free drugs, free diagnostics and free emergency care services in all public hospitals.
Then, Lal Bahadur Shashtri Ji had very aptly tried to touch the emotional universe of the country.
What else does one need?
4. NHM will continue to strengthen the public health systems, particularly in high priority districts that include aspirational districts.
Through centuries, the links of commerce and culture, trade and tradition, ideas and ideals, and beliefs and values have connected our societies.
I convey my heartiest congratulations to both of them.
India is ready to make its space capabilities available to any country for purposes of disaster risk management.
There are large and vibrant pools of progress and prosperity that spread across the landscape of this region.
And, We agreed to speed up establishment of Chairs of Indian and Indonesian Studies in each other’s universities.
I had the opportunity to meet some young daughters, some of who, were born in the Himalayas, who had absolutely no connection with the sea.
• Identifying, coordinating, sharing, and implementing cybersecurity best practices;
We have in our memory the story of squirrel which became an agent of change.
The Policy is expected to facilitate induction of new,innovative and cutting-edge technology and forging technological collaboration to improve productivity of existing fields.
Imagine – such a large national party, with years in government is reduced to fighting a poll on 9 to 12 cylinders.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the creation of three posts of Directors in the pre-revised scale of Rs.80,000 (fixed) {plus NPA Ceiling limit 85000} for the three new AIIMS at Mangalagiri near Guntur in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal and Nagpur in Maharashtra.
50% of the total expenditure incurred on providing basic training would be supported by Government of India.
This is the voice of our people, the call of our Nation and the consensus of our polity.
PM will inaugurate Lucknow Metro Rail Project.
The poor people didn’t get what rightfully belonged to them.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today unveiled the Trophy for the BRICS U-17 Football Tournament in New Delhi.
400 KV D/C Jalandhar-Samba-Rajouri- Shopian-Amargarh(Sopore) transmission lane was launched by PM as well.
Partnership for Global Action
He has astutely engaged himself at every stage of the designing of this taxation reform and steered the team with his invaluable contribution towards this historical day.
He added that this shows India can take big decisions and implement them swiftly.
The cost of medicines at Jan Aushadhi Kendras are 50-90% less than the market price, Prime Minister said and added that the number of Jan Aushadhi Kendras will reach over 5000 in the near future.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, arrived in Colombo this evening.
And, we have been through the devastation of war and the hope of peace.
The Prime Minister noted that the new Agreement will address the common concerns and ensure that people-to-people contacts are enhanced.
The National Bench of the Appellate Tribunal shall be situated at New Delhi.
“Dictionary of Martyrs: India’s Freedom Struggle (1857-1947)”, Volume 2, Parts I & II.
Policy measures
We have strongly condemned favoritism and bias.
In conclusion, the Prime Minister thanked the CEOs for their observations.
Further, these Programmes promote peace and understanding, and strengthen friendly relations between countries.
Sometimes, kids become obsessed with celebrities; Sonam did not have any such obsessions.
The MoU is intended to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
The Mission has undertaken many bold and forward-looking initiatives such as Alal Tinkering Labs (ATL) and Atal Incubation Centres (AIC), which have received great traction;
That is why we are moving on many fronts at the same time, aware of the linkages that make up a comprehensive strategy.
Affordability of products and services is critical for our success.
I visited Israel in 2006 as Chief Minister of Gujarat.
Further, the land offered by the State Government is contiguous to existing airport and it will be used by AAI for construction of Parallel Taxi Track.
It has also stopped the flow of black money.
Once again on behalf of all Indians, I would like to re assure each & everyone in Kerala and other affected places that at this moment of calamity, the entire country stands by them.
A towering personality, his focus on education and social reform touched many lives”, the Prime Minister said.
It is changing the way we live.
Every time I come to Uganda, I am enchanted by this “Pearl of Africa”.
India is preparing to join the “Clean Seas Campaign” and make its contribution towards saving our oceans.
We renew our commitment to the early conclusion of BIMSTEC Free Trade Area negotiations, and direct the Trade Negotiating Committee (TNC) and Working Groups to expedite the finalization of its constituent Agreements.
At a cost of Rs 500 crores this project will supply safe drinking water to 56000 households of Hazaribagh.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that development is the best answer to all kinds of violence.
I get an opportunity to know and understand views of different people from all corners of the country and this actually adds to the strength of our democracy.
And, whoever reads that debate will feel proud about what actually the vision of a life dedicated to the nation is.
The 26th of November is our Constitution Day.
The people of India have seen the work a Government with a full majority can do.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its approval to the proposal to complete the balance works of the North Koel Reservoir Project in Jharkhand and Bihar at an estimated expenditure of Rs.1622.27 crore to be incurred during three financial years from the start of the project.
Vibrant Gujarat Global Trade Show to be inaugurated in Gandhinagar
We will also lay the foundation of a new economy in new low carbon age.
Mr. Kamal Thapa, Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister of Nepal, called on Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today.
It is believed that an Indian Princess travelled to Korea and became a queen in Korea.
This include enabling online learning licenses, increasing validity period for driving licenses, doing away with the requirements of educational qualifications for transport licenses are some of the features.
Under this MOU, capacity building programme in the field of planning, focusing on areas of urban planning, water and waste water management, solid waste management, Intelligent Transport System and public financing (Public Private Partnerships) would be undertaken.
And each of our festivals are directly linked with the financial conditions of the poorest of the poor.
He also reviewed ongoing projects undertaken by NDMA.
So the first solution is that the brothers and sisters engaged in agriculture need to be trained.
On completion of two years of Mann Ki Baat this week, I wish to express my sincere gratitude from the core of my heart to all you listeners who appreciated it, who contributed to improving it and thus blessed me.
I am very happy that in Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh, where there was discharge from distilleries, there has been a change for the better.
It has been organized in partnership with NASSCOM, WITSA and the Government of Telangana.
The IBSA Fund for the Alleviation of Poverty and Hunger was set up in 2004 as one of the three pillars of cooperation under the IBSA Dialogue Forum.
The digital world we live in today is based on the binary system.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of aMemorandum of Understanding (MoU) on Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Fiji.
The two Prime Ministers committed support to the digitization of the shared archival collections housed in the British Library and the National Archives of India.
And that was the period when all the stalwarts, that we hear about today: Rajendra Babu, Acharya Kripalani Ji, and others were all sent to the villages by Gandhi Ji.
At an event, our tricolour was unfurled at the very site where Netaji Subhash Bose had unfurled it exactly 75 years ago.
The Act East policy of my government puts this region at the centre of our engagement.
The currency was falling sharply.
Our strong scientific community can also effectively address our unique challenges.
My dear countrymen, Bharat Ratna Mother Teresa will be canonized, that is, accorded sainthood on 4th September.
The Yoga incident was a similar reminder.
We have to work together to take it forward.
This, of course is not possible without skilling and educating our youth at a scale not seen before.
This scheme does not involve any physical procurement of crops as farmers are paid the difference between the MSP price and Sale/modal price on disposal in notified market.
He wants to get his house electrified, therefore there is Electrification for all Villages.
We have decided to set up a Welfare Board for nomadic communities like Madaris, Snake charmers, Banzaras, Gadiyalohars etc.
Interacting with the delegates, the Prime Minister emphasized that the world, which is now well aware of the challenge of climate change, also needs to be made aware about the principle of climate justice.
Spreading the stakes of the private participant over the entire period of concession would ensure continued operations over long-term.
Vande Bharat Express can run up to a maximum speed of 160 kmph and has travel classes like Shatabdi Train but with better facilities.
He spoke of the special ties between India and Indonesia, and recalled the Republic Day celebrations in New Delhi earlier this year, where leaders from 10 ASEAN nations, including Indonesia, were present.
There he will lay the Foundation Stone of Shikshan Bhavan and Vidhyarthi Bhavan.
Today, Sri Lanka takes pride in being among the most important nerve centres of Buddhist teachings and learning.
Music performances linked to the theme of hygiene were held and art works were created.
They noted with satisfaction the expanding cooperation in the energy sector and, in this regard, welcomed the arrival of the first consignment of LNG under a long-term agreement between Gazprom and GAIL, next month.
This is not an ordinary decision, friends.
India, the land of your heritage, has remarkable achievements since Independence.
Necessary conditions for take-off of the Indian economy have been created.
This would translate into additional investment of Rs. 10 lakh Crore by 2030-31.
He also said that all languages of the country can enrich Hindi.
· BRICS TB Research Network (Durban)
Background:
Climate change and terrorism are new concerns.
Expressing his gratitude for the prestigious honour and in light of India’s deepening partnership with the Republic of Korea, Prime Minister Modi has accepted the award.
My special thanks to the Governor and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya for hosting this meeting.
b) To exchange expertise, publications, information/data and statistics related to tourism.
101. Brazil, Russia, India, and China commend South Africa’s BRICS Chairship in 2018 and express their sincere gratitude to the Government and people of South Africa for hosting the 10th BRICS Summit in Johannesburg.
They shared their commitment to proactively contribute towards the priorities of IORA.
PM once again congratulated the fellow citizen for their dedication towards cleanliness.
Asians tend to leave things behind for the next generation.
Distinguished dignitaries on the dais,
A delegation from the Pacific Pension and Investment (PPI) Institute, led by its President, Mr. Lionel C. Johnson, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
Even if five companies shut shop in India, there is huge public outcry.
Today’s youth want to build up on his or her own strength.
I am happy that, you are a farmer engaged in organic farming.
However, DISOMS are reluctant sign Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) Hydro Power due to higher tariff, particularly, in the initial years.
A thousand years ago, he launched an agitation allowing their entry into temples and succeeded in facilitating the same.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
The meeting was attended by senior officials from various concerned Ministries, besides PMO and NITI Aayog.
This is not just electricity, but a new beginning of a period of development.
While flying a kite or playing a game, one freely expresses one’s inherent unique qualities.
And, we have to make sure that internet does not become a recruiting ground..
Multimodal Transport Integration Plan, an important component for creating a smart and sustainable integrated transport network, is ongoing for all the 12 stations.
My Colleague Union Minister Dr. Harshvardhan ji,
His Highness and I discussed ways to transform our energy ties in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
Let us resolve to create the nation of the dreams of our freedom fighters.
It will help in exchanging mutual experience, sharing information on financing export and import operations, project assessment and knowledge generated in respective fields of activities.
He said things cannot depend on the whims and fancies of individuals.
He will lay foundation stone of Dhule-Nardana railway Line and Jalgaon – Manmad 3rd Railway Line.
It may also be monitored if the funds released by the Centre are released without delay onward to PWD by the State Governments.
With increasing Bilateral Investment Treaty (BIT) disputes, issuance of such statements is likely to have strong persuasive value before arbitration tribunals.
Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme was also unveiled by PM.
He said this investment would build world class infrastructure in India and also generate jobs for students.
The special arrangement of the ‘Super-fast trains’ for the poor through launch of Antodaya Express and Deen-Dyalu rail coaches , reiterate the commitment of our government to the poor.
He said the foundation stone of IARI laid today, had the potential to impact the entire region in a positive way in the future.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government does not hesitate in taking major decisions.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for entering into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) in relation to Mutual Co-operation.
Requisite funds for purchase of the aforesaid number of VVPAT Units were provided by the Government as and when requested by the Election Commission.
(ii) Making employees’ contribution to EPF optional for employees earning less than Rs 15,000 per month.
He mentioned that Government is working to provide facility of ‘Ease of Filming’ by putting in place a Single Window Clearance system, for Film Shooting approvals in different parts of the country.
People who served as Chief Ministers are in jail for their corruption, he asserted.
Recall my interactions with her whenever I visited Saputara.
The long-term collaboration with WHO would help in improving International acceptability and branding of Ayush systems, facilitate awareness generation regarding AYUSH systems of Medicine by means of education, skill development, workshops, publications and exchange programs between AYUSH and WHO for capacity building, facilitate advocacy and dissemination of information on AYUSH systems amongst the Member States; collaboration with third Parties for creating synergies in implementation of WHO Traditional Medicine Strategy 2014-2023 particularly in the context of AYUSH systems.
The Agreement provides for constitution of a Joint Wording Group (JWG) comprising of representatives from both countries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Manipur Governor Shri Syed Ahmed.
“Deeply saddened at the tragic loss of Myanmar’s military transport plane.
Today more than 1.25 lakh Bank Mitras are serving in the country.
I am confident that with initiatives like “Make in India”, “Startup India”, and “Standup India”, there will be opportunities for youth to venture into Indian Oil and Gas sector and to bring innovative ideas.
You may recall that one of our Prime Ministers in his address from the ramparts of Red Fort had talked about the poor state of affairs of the power supply companies of the country.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings to the President Shri Ram Nath Kovind.
In this hour of personal grief, our thoughts and prayers are with you, your family and people of UAE.
There is no environment for the family nor he has the dreams.
And we are merely drops in the ocean.
The Prime Minister said, “George Sahab represented the best of India’s political leadership.
On behalf of all our countrymen, I salute every soldier of our security forces who guard the country’s borders with utmost dedication and a spirit of sacrifice, braving all odds.
A hundred years ago, more than 130,000 soldiers from India fought in the First World War alongside your countrymen on Belgian soil.
When the entire family is going on an outing, he just says, “No, I don’t want to come today.”
We agree that an early political settlement through dialogue in West Asia is essential for restoring stability and containing extremism in the region.
During 2016-17, overall an amount of Rs 2187 crore was raised by NABARD in the form of Government of India fully serviced bond as EBR.
During his interaction with the Finnish Prime Minister Mr. Juha Sipila, Shri Narendra Modi invited Finland’s active participation in engineering, power plants, biotech and innovation.
Language should not be a barrier but a facilitator in this task.
The Prime Minister will then proceed to Andawa, where he will dedicate to the nation, inaugurate, or lay the Foundation Stone of various development projects.
For this DDA has earmarked 34.87 Ha land in Sector 24, Dwarka, which will be transferred to L&DO.
Also, his mantra “Swaraj, that is, freedom is my birthright” should have the main focus thereby strengthening the freedom movement.
In the regard, we reaffirm our commitment to facilitate financial market integration through promoting the network of financial institutions and the coverage of financial services within BRICS countries, subject to each country’s existing regulatory framework and WTO GATS obligations, and to ensure greater communication and cooperation between financial sector regulators.
Friends, I assure you all that we will move forward with all the resolve to fulfill the commitments we have made.
I am glad to observe that these days, there are many websites apprising us of inspiring life- stories of such remarkable gems.
For most of his life, his work was centred in North India and he sacrificed his life in Nanded, Maharashtra.
Best wishes on Pongal!
In 1991, it was suggested that India should have fewer but stronger Public Sector Banks.
exchange of experience on modern approach to public service recruitment and selection, particularly the functions of the UPSC and the PSC;
PM inaugurated Patna the Patna City Gas Distribution project which will provide piped gas supply in Ptana city and adjoining areas..
This is in addition to Rs. 100 Cr. announced by the Home Minister on 12.08.2018.
While India has been the victim of cross-border terrorism for over 40 years, all nations today face this grave threat which respects no borders.
Shri Narendra Modi thanked Mr. Malcolm Turnbull, and described the nuclear agreement as a milestone and source of trust and confidence.
I thought he must be reading a lot books, must be surfing internet, must be watching new experiments.
“The bus accident in UP’s Bareilly is heart-rending.
It is a young country, with 800 million youth under the age of 35 years.
(xi). Approval will not provide any immunity from tax investigations to determine whether specific or general anti-avoidance Rule apply.
We believe that this work will contribute to our cooperation in adapting to the evolving internet economy.
Our strategic partnership with ASEAN is also important for safeguarding and promoting our security interests and countering traditional and non-traditional security challenges in the region.
I urge all of you to share different aspects of Kumbh and photos on social media when you go to Kumbh so that more and more people feel inspired to go to Kumbh.
He also mentioned pick up in the pace of road construction.
In a way, this academic satellite is a living example of the soaring flight of courage and ambition of the young India.
In a boost to energy security of the country, PM dedicated to the nation, 1.33 MMT Visakhapatnam Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) facility of Indian Strategic Petroleum Reserve Limited (ISPRL).
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people on the occasion of Navroz, the Parsi New Year.
We are proud of our army.
You may be aware of the spectacular progress of the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana.
In this regard he mentioned Haryana and Chandigarh becoming kerosene-free.
It was denying the poor, their due.
It is a comprehensive nationwide crop insurance programme which offers farmers protection from risks beyond their control, at an affordable cost.
He thanked the various Members of the House, for adding vigour into the debate, and sharing insightful points.
The old or the young, men or women, city or village everyone has become a part of this Cleanliness campaign now.
He emphasized that this Union Government does not stop at laying foundation stones, and ensures completion of projects.
The land transaction will enable MMRDA to complete the Metro rail project in Mumbai.
My dear countrymen, especially my young friends, we have been getting glad tidings from the field of sports.
One of the focal points of ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations.
Mr. Shinzo Abe reiterated that the India-Japan bilateral relationship has the greatest potential of any bilateral relationship across the world.
It is our responsibility to further develop the understanding about Yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
Last year, we announced the new Marginal Fields Policy.
Union Ministers Shri Arun Jaitley and Shri Dharmendra Pradhan; Vice-Chairman NITI Aayog Dr. Rajiv Kumar and senior officials from the Union Government and NITI Aayog were also present at the interaction.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the nation on the auspicious occasion of Milad-Un-Nabi.
People wanted development, not decay.
The world celebrated both the Yoga Days, 21st June 2015 and 2016 with greatfervour.
We have strong collaboration in the United Nations.
If the world has to grow as a whole,there has to be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
· Meeting of BBF Working Group and BRICS CRA Standing Committee – 18 to 20 April (Washington, DC USA)
Implementation strategy and targets:
In fact, micro plastics have now even entered basic food like salt, bottled water and tap water.
The signing of Memorandum of Understanding with the Kyrgyz Republic will be instrumental in increasing arrival from this important source market.
42. Under Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samapada Yojana we are providing handholding to the farmers from availing seeds to accessing the markets for their produce.
Presently, the airports being managed under the PPP model include Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Cochin.
Citizens and administrators alike must move ahead in accordance with the spirit of our Constitution.
The meeting of the India-Kenya business forum will be an important forum to elaborate more on the economic aspect of our relationship with Kenya.
Addressing on the occasion, he said that in keeping up with its commitment towards equal opportunity for all and for the development – Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikaas is the way forward for New India.
For, this is your land and these are your people.
21. Continue to enhance cooperation for ensuring long-term food and energy security in our region through strengthening cooperation in agriculture and energy sectors; work together to promote the development of renewable energy technology through international platforms including the International Solar Alliance (ISA) where applicable.
In this regard, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI), Japan and Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (MeitY), India have held 6 rounds of Joint Working Group (JWG) meetings till 2018 and Ministry of Communications (MOC), India and Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (MIC), Japan signed a Joint Minutes on cooperation in ICT sector under the fifth meeting of India-Japan JWG in 2018.
But when you present a book, it becomes a part of the household, a part of the family.
Approximately 400 companies are the members of the Council.
He exhorted them to ensure that the nutritional assistance being made available to beneficiaries is used judiciously.
36. We firmly believe that those responsible for committing, organising, or supporting terrorist acts must be held accountable.
“Connectivity is the pathway to shared prosperity.
He said the number of beneficiaries of this scheme is roughly equal to the population of the European Union, or the population of America, Canada and Mexico, taken together.
He said that about three lakh elderly people have benefitted from the VayaVandana Yojana started last year, under which citizens above 60 years get 8 % fixed return for 10 years.
You have empowered women and made your nation more inclusive.
Grants by the Central Govt.: The Central Govt. may, after due appropriation made by Parliament by law in this behalf, make to the Authority grants of such sums of money as the Central Government may think fit for being utilized for the purposes of the Authority.
For this purpose, the Parties undertake to cooperate through the following actions:
We will work with you to realize your vision of a prosperous Africa, based on inclusive growth, empowered citizens and sustainable development; an integrated and culturally vibrant Africa; and, a peaceful and secure Africa, which has its rightful global place and is a strong partner for the world.
A country of 125 crore, with 65 per cent below the age of 35, having the means, the resources, and the capability, has no reason to stay behind.
The decision of the Cabinet shall be implemented before the holidays for this year as well.
Information, education, skills, healthcare, livelihood, financial inclusion, small and village enterprises, opportunities for women, conservation of natural resources, distributed clean energy – entirely new possibilities have emerged to change the development model.
Keshav Vaishnav has written to me on my App, complaining that parents should never put pressure on their children to score more marks.
Instead of dividing, Yoga always unites.
We should chat with them.
And, for the exceptional generosity with your time and friendship.
She later proved herself true to her name.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condoled the loss of lives due to the stampede in Saudi Arabia.
My dear countrymen, the monsoon comes along, bringing a new ray of hope to our toiling farmers.
India’s development needs are huge and substantial.
Not only has she advanced herself but has carried forward the country and society to newer heights.
Initially, marketing and promotion of city compost is proposed to be done through the existing fertilizer companies.
In future, it will fulfil all their travel related requirements, regular payment needs and provide city and tourist information.
The famous particle BOSON has been named after Satyendranath Bose.
The objective of this Policy is to ensure uniformity and transparency in the procedure for awarding captive facilities.
• We are working on a new bankruptcy code; the Company Law Tribunal is soon going to be formed.
iii. The Central Council will comprise 47 members, of which 14 members shall be ex-officio representing diverse and related roles and functions andremaining 33 shall be non-ex-officio members who mainly represent the 15professional categories.
Our festivals are now becoming great attractions for tourism.
Various participants appreciated the progress and reforms made in India in the last three years.
I look forward to seeing you in India.
I even know that you are making a big contribution in positively taking this mission forward.
While planting trees, we do not charge them any fee.”
I take this opportunity to acknowledge the contribution of our own Payyoli Express, ‘Udan Pari’ and ‘Golden Girl’ of India P.T. Usha ji for the development of this school.
An intelligent strategy is to optimize use of resources through efficiency in implementation.
While, we have come a long way, we need to continuously increase our efficiency and capacity.
Otherwise such hurdles can cause new stress.
“No words are enough to describe the endurance and indomitable spirit of Lance Naik Hanumanthappa.
In respect of Malaria, the Annual Parasite Incidence (API) declined to 0.84 in 2016 from 1.10 in 2011.
Lauding the role of generation next in charting the progress of India, he said “Those born in the 21st century are now going to be voters and thus, they will play a role in shaping India’s progress.”
Today we are getting rid of all that.
In the short time together, we have made concrete progress.
Regarding the South China Sea, the two sides stressed the importance of resolving disputes by peaceful means, in accordance with universally recognized principles of international law including the UNCLOS.
This is a smart strategy, which pays off in the long term.
This C2C is intended to improve skill of students and other participants which will increase the employment opportunities within and outside India.
Lack of cash causes difficulty, but excess of cash is even more troublesome.
He assured Saudi investors that retrospective taxation was a thing of the past, and his Government believes in a predictable long term taxation regime.
7. Additional Employment Incentive for Leather, Footwear and Accessories Sector sub-scheme: Under this scheme, it is proposed to provide the employers’ contribution of 3.67% to Employees’ Provident Fund for all new employees in Leather, Footwear and Accessories sector, enrolling in EPFO for first 3 years of their employment.
The Prime Minister wished them well, for their career in the civil services.
It is a carefully thought out approach to ensure achievement of universal health coverage for our country.
For now, we will stick to the one month program only.
He urged the Self Help Groups to register in the Government e-Market Place (GeM) to sell their produce.
Malaysia took note of India’s aspiration for permanent membership of a reformed United Nations Security Council; and
For this, we also need scientific understanding of the impact of urbanisation, farming, industrialisation and groundwater use and contamination on the river eco-system.
One Swachh Innovation, one Swachh Best Practice, and one Swachh Entrepreneur will also receive awards from the Prime Minister.
Shri Kireet Bhai Joshi, an ardent disciple of Sri Aurobindo, and the Mother, was an eminent educationist.
MMTC has been supplying iron ore to JSMs since 1963 and to South Korea since 1973.
In his address, the Prime Minister reiterated that at a time of global slowdown, India represents a bright spot for investments.
College teachers with background in research can be connected to the neighbouring universities and R&D institutions.
From 01.10.2009, it was made mandatory for the SSP units to utilize minimum 50% of their recognized production capacity or to produce 40000 MT, whichever is less, per year to become eligible for subsidy.
3. Modernisation of current operations and infrastructure;
If you have a photograph with your teacher or an incident connected with your teacher or an inspirational thing associated with your teacher, please do share the same on NarendraModiApp.
That is, money if you use it, comes to an end; But, learning if you use it, increases.
The Ramayana is embedded in many southeast Asian cultures, including in Indonesia, Myanmar and Thailand.
We have accomplished this task.
This notion is basically unfounded.
The foundation of today’s knowledge economy is the quality of its school leavers.
Further, Rs. 108.75 crore has already been released as first instalment of SDRF for 2016-17.
Cooking gas price is also determined by the market.
19.Noted productive and substantive cooperation in the context of their participation in G-20.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to India’s approach to Climate Change Negotiations at the Conference of Parties (COP) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC), held in Marrakesh, Morocco during November 7-18, 2016.
North East Road Network Connectivity Improvement Project (Phase 3) (I)
I too have tried to do this work from my end.
“I bow to the great man who worked ceaselessly for the oppressed sections of society,” he added.
Noting that addressing climate change and promoting secure, affordable and sustainable supplies of energy are shared strategic priorities for India and the UK, they agreed to endorse a Joint Statement on Energy and Climate Change.
The Institute will have the governance structure as well as legal mandate to grant degrees in a manner similar to that enjoyed by IITs.
“In the words of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti, of all the worships, the worship that pleases the Almighty God the most is the grant of relief to the humble and the oppressed,” the Prime Minister said.
“On his birth anniversary, tributes to Maulana Abul Kalam Azad.
We have met ambitious fiscal targets in each of the previous two fiscal years.
vii. Provisions for inviting private investment in exploration through attractive revenue sharing models.
The Framework Agreement was signed in New Delhi, on 7th September 2018.
In this context, he noted the success that was achieved when this CSR spend was utilized for toilet construction in schools.
It is expected to reach 12,000 megawatts in 2016-17.
Even State Governments take an initiative.
Our best science and technology institutions should further strengthen their basic research in line with leading global standards.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the PM has given it’s approval the River Ganga (Rejuvenation, Protection and Management) Authorities Order, 2016.
Till 2013, i.e. for the last 70 years, there were 4 crore people who were paying direct taxes.
We are promoting growth and investing in skills to create employment for our youth;increasing the pace and quality of infrastructure expansion;and, investing in making far more productive and resilient.
We estimate the investment requirements in Infrastructure at over 700 billion Dollars by 2022.
We must extend the security of insurance and pension to more than a billion workers in the informal sectors worldwide, who still do not have it.
“Private participation either for complete provision of metro rail or for some unbundled components (like Automatic Fare Collection, Operation & Maintenance of services etc) will form an essential requirement for all metro ra il projects seeking central financial assistance” says the policy, to capitalize on private resources, expertise and entrepreneurship.
They welcomed the convergence in the political, economic and strategic interests of the two countries that provides an enduring basis for a long-term strategic partnership.
In hockey, India has won the Asia Cup hockey title through its dazzling performance.
Small and large ruminants (cattle, sheep, goat) and pigs productivity, diseases and diagnostics and 3.
While commercial surrogacy will be prohibited including sale and purchase of human embryo and gametes, ethical surrogacy to the needy infertile couples will be allowed on fulfillment of certain conditions and for specific purposes.
A contribution matching the age specific contribution of the beneficiary will be made by the Central Government.
He said the current Government wishes to be the Government that removes obsolete laws.
Financial inclusion also extends to micro, small and medium enterprises.
• Maintaining law and order is the responsibility of State Governments and wherever these incidents are taking place, state Governments must deal firmly with it.
So, thank you for that.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
In an effort to boost our economic ties, I will speak at the India-South Africa business meet.
Talking about 2015, the Prime Minister said he wished to give an account of the work done by the Government.
Your open market policies have found resonance with India’s economic liberalization and ‘Look East Policy’.
I am sure, the IMF will be able to build on this success.
Since there are many women associated with the handloom sector, growth of the handloom sector is an important means of women empowerment also.”
And, Southeast Asia and ASEAN, our neighbours by land and sea, have been the springboard of our Look East and, for the last three years, the Act East Policy.
Today, I want to talk about Javed Ahmed.
A clean and healthy India will spell a prosperous India also.
I am an ordinary citizen of Village Tiraali of Tehsil Tiraali in District Harda of Madhya Pradesh.
4. Short Term Training Programme for RDSO personnel by KRRI;
I am honoured to chair the BRICS Leaders’ Plenary Meeting.
After independence the country is buying largest numbers of airplanes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today congratulated Shri Harivansh, on his election as Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha.
MoC between Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of Republic of India and the Office of Healthcare Policy, Cabinet Secretariat, Government of Japan and the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare of Japan in the field of Healthcare and Wellness
I had invited everyone to join ‘Fit India’, lead ‘Fit India’.
India also has a large number of retired judges, engineers, and scientists who can function as competent arbitrators in various fields.
(vi) All Ecologically Sensitive Areas have been accorded special importance: Specific guidelines related to their conservation and management plans have been drawn up as a part of the CRZ Notification.
They have shown how much, even people trapped in poverty, are willing to do, to build a glorious India.
Mr. Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore, MOS (IC)/I&B and Youth Affairs & Sports
There has been an awareness ever since the launch of the Cleanliness Movement.
PM announced that another 500 seats in the state medical colleges would be added soon.
The entire country had come together as one to fight for the cause.
Addressing a public meeting, he described water as a holy offering from nature.
Several Union Ministers, Vice Chairman NITI Aayog Shri Arvind Panagariya, and senior Union Government officers were present on the occasion.
Similarly, Panchayats and Urban Local Bodies will receive 2.87 lakh crore rupees during the period of the 14th Finance Commission, which is substantially higher than last time.
Translating this basic knowledge into innovations, start-ups and industry will help us achieve inclusive and sustainable growth.
On the 23rd of September, the Prime Minister will briefly participate in a sanitation related activity in the village of Shahanshahpur.
The bilateral trade relations between India and Bhutan are governed by the Agreement on Trade, Commerce and Transit between the Government of India and Bhutan.
He lauded the efforts of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation for setting up a world class hospital and said, “Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences and Research in Ahmedabad hospital will prove to be a model for other government hospitals in the country.”
Our commodity markets must become useful to our farmers, not just avenues for speculation.
Can we link Indian traditions with the future of mankind?
• A micro enterprise will be defined as a unit where the annual turnover does not exceed five crore rupees;
Ten rupees will be credited to your account from the government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his best wishes to the women’s cricket team for the World Cup finals today.
However if you concentrate and focus only on getting marks, then you gradually go on limiting yourself and confine yourself to certain areas for earning more marks.
India now ranks 26th in the World Bank’s “Ease of Getting Electricity” Index, up from 99th in 2014.
PM said “we are specially committed to the cause of overall development of tribals from Jandhan to Vandhan.
Our sympathies are with those families who lost their loved ones.
He said that a positive transformation, and a common resolve is required for this.
Some people forget this thing that this number cannot go up without growth in employment.
For me, India is not confined to its territory.
We are proud of our peacekeeping forces spread across the world, ensuring peace in difficult circumstances.
You introduced a programme called “Make in India” to cut red tape.
What happens in a far off country can affect the livelihood of workers in another place.
For the sake of this river we went to settlements on its banks, spoke to people and took out rallies too, but to no avail.
Whatever little time I spent with these daughters, I got inspired myself.
They have capability to provide advanced industrial technologies needed by the Indian Capital Goods Sector.
India had earlier won the Asia Cup in Hockey in the years 2003 and 2007.
Ms. Pamela Charlette, Minister for Habitat Infrastructure and Land Transport
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that Eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected with the Bay of Bengal, through the water route.
10. Acknowledge the importance of enhancing the visibility and stature of BIMSTEC in international fora by, inter alia, forging common positions, as appropriate, on issues of common interest and seeking group recognition in various multilateral organizations, institutions and processes.
This programme is to bring back to life our glorious past; and connect Saurashtra with South Gujarat, the Prime Minister said.
Respect for nature is an integral part of our value system.
• As per data of current functional AIIMS, it is expected that each new AIIMS would cater to around 1500 Outdoor patients per day and around 1000 Indoor patients per month.
This memorial will inspire the present and the future generations of the country.
ii. Improving sanitary environment by increasing access to hygienic and affordable toilets such as on-site processing one;
Nearly 13.16 crore Aadhaar Enabled Payment System (AePS) transactions have taken place through BCs during the month of July, 2018.
I look forward to your feedback and suggestions in the future as well.
For a long time, the small and medium enterprises or the MSME in our country had to pay higher taxes than the big industries.
• A statuette of Gautam Buddha, which had a base price of Rs. 4000/- was auctioned for Rs. 7 lakh.
Come, let’s move forward with the mantra, Teach to Transform.
During his address, he said: “… in this digital age, we have an opportunity to transform lives of people in ways that was hard to imagine just a couple of decades ago.
The Government is working towards this goal, he added.
Igniting collaboration through talent mobility is the core of the partnership.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the Indian Cricket Team, on the historic series win against Sri Lanka.
These were very inspiring incidents.
It is my firm belief that those who believe in peace and humanity need to stand and act together against this menace.
The Prime Minister will also dedicate a Jal Ambulance service, and a Jal Shav Vahan service to the people of Varanasi, through a video link.
The course of human history and progress has been shaped by imagination, inspiration, invention and innovation.
We affirm the value of implementing coordinated BRICS scientific projects aimed at promoting BRICS science, technology and innovation potential as a contribution to our combined efforts in addressing the challenges of the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Bilaspur in Himachal Pradesh, on Tuesday.
He said ten more helicopters would be pressed into action for rescue from tomorrow, and asserted that the pace of relief work will be increased further.
He urged entrepreneurs and traders to move towards digital transactions.
Referring to the speech of the Chief Justice of India, where he spoke of the large number of cases pending in various courts in India, the Prime Minister said that he understood the Chief Justice’s concern.
After leaving the orphanage, he eked out a living cleaning DTC buses and working as waiter at roadside eateries.
we should also integrate traditional techniques, local practices and organic farming to make our agriculture less resource intensive and more resilient.
They spoke of their respective efforts to contribute to the regional and global economic development.
2) The collaboration with scientific and research bodies, universities and industry for the scientific and technological development necessary for exploration in public- private partnership.
They extend to our interests and citizens, spread across a world of widespread and unpredictable risks.
But someone has to take such tough decisions for the sake of the country.
Praising the efforts of armed forces, PM said that the entire nation is proud of our soldiers.
We will continue to widen our scope of cooperation by launching large-scale initiatives in different spheres and enhance and enrich our bilateral agenda so as to make it more result-oriented.
Yet, we want to further scale up our trade and economic ties.
At such a juncture, it is natural to reflect on the year gone by; it is equally so, to hear about resolutions for the year being ushered in.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Plenary Session of the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum (SPIEF).
He expressed a firm resolve to attempt to make this law a reality.
Shri Narendra Modi offered prayers at the Tirumala Temple at Tirupati.
This effort is not just for Laxman, or his memory, the Prime Minister said, adding that a small part of Laxman, lives within crores of people.
He said Farmer Producer Organizations, would be given relief on income tax, on the lines of cooperative societies.
The presence of my brothers and sisters from all our ASEAN partners at this joyous celebration is unprecedented.
The Prime Minister said GST would lead to a modern tax administration which is simpler, more transparent, and helps curb corruption.
Malaysia and India share s Strategic Partnership and we cooperate in a number of multilateral and regional fora.
The remaining part of the land will be managed in accordance with the guidelines of the Department of Investment & Public Assets Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
Cabinet Ministers and Ministers of State for Independent Charge were also present at the meeting.
Successful nutrition initiatives in some other developing countries came up for discussion.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Malta for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
Many good wishes to you all on the National Sports Day.
• increasing the carpet area in the MIG I category of CLSS from the existing 90 square metre to “up to 120 square metre” and increasing the carpet area in respect of MIG II category of CLSS from the existing 110 square metre to “up to 150 square metre”; and
Managing labor issues in the Global Supply Chain will be necessary to ensure excellent work in the entire value chain.
Gudi Padwa wishes to all friends in Maharashtra.
The Prime Minister said, “Spoke to Kerala CM Shri Pinarayi Vijayan and discussed the situation arising due to floods in various parts of the state.
He said digital technology is becoming a means of empowerment for the people of India; and the country is emerging as an important centre for Startups.
Given its location, Cyprus appreciates the threat that terrorism poses to the global peace and stability.
Foreign Minister Tilak Marapana is on a three-day bilateral visit to India.
Indo-UK co-operation against terrorism.
· 3rd Meeting of the BRICS Working Group on Prevention and Monitoring of Natural Disasters (Pretoria)
He said the One District, One Product scheme will convert these expressions of art, into profitable business, by ensuring good machines, training and marketing support.
Today, with the inauguration of this Exchange, we have reached an important landmark in achieving that vision.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Hon’ble Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has today given its approval to a new scheme moved by the Ministry of Power – Ujwal DISCOM Assurance Yojna or UDAY.
It will also be extended to areas such as plant and soil nutrition; exchange of experiences in the field of sanitary and phytosanitary legislation and plant protection Animal husbandry, modern irrigation technology including exchange of experiences, and training and capacity building, etc. would also come in its purview.
On the completion of 70 years of NCC the time demands that we should take a look at these things like: where we came from, where we have come and where we want to take the country.
All signals indicate that our farmers have broken all previous records.
Our auctions of coal spectrum and FM radio licences have produced major additional revenues.
He laid the Foundation Stone for four 500-bedded hospitals at Hazaribagh, Dumka, Palamu and Jamshedpur.
We take note of the outcomes of the following meetings held under South Africa’s BRICS Chairship leading up to the Johannesburg Summit:
Ladies and Gentlemen.
An important governance issue is the mutual trust between citizens and the state.
This is not a new journey, nor a new beginning.
Her game makes all of us very proud.
PM will also distribute sanction letters to beneficiaries of PM Awas Yojana.
You have a lake on one side, and the hills too.
The Prime Minister appreciated the suggestion, and said that soil health cards aim to achieve the same objective.
He later visited Blast Furnace-8 at the Bhilai Steel Plant, and was briefed on various aspects of the Plant.
Expressing happiness at being able to interact with the beneficiaries, and share their experiences, through technology, the Prime Minister said that the Ujjwala scheme has become a symbol of progress.
Good wishes to Odia friends on the festival of Nuakhai.
The identified areas of cooperation include high speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure, etc.
However, South Korea ranks only 16th in FDI Equity inflows to India.
The mechanism of Japan Plus has also helped in the process of hand holding.
The Prime Minister said that the initiatives of the Union Government, including MUDRA and Start-up India, were aimed at creating fresh opportunities for the youth.
While we are doing everything that is required of us, we expect that others also join in to fulfil their commitments based on Common but Differentiated Responsibility and equity.
He saidthat PM –KISAN scheme is a long term and comprehensive plan for the welfare of the farmers.
With each ASEAN member, we have deepening political, security, defence and economic ties.
Read it and may be you may find something to connect with it.
This will be the first time that an Indian Prime Minister would deliver this address.
Reaffirming strong commitment to making BIMSTEC a dynamic, effective and result-oriented regional organization for promoting a peaceful, prosperous and sustainable Bay of Bengal Region through meaningful cooperation and deeper integration;
There are some who did not want us to be here.
(f) any other forms of cooperation and collaboration that are of mutual interest in the area of Public Administration and Governance Reforms and are jointly decided upon by the Signatories.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing Memorandum of Understanding between India and Kuwait for cooperation on the Recruitment of Domestic Workers.
But, through multiple transformations.
Congrats to ISRO for the successful launch of GSAT-11, which is the heaviest, largest and most-advanced high throughput communication satellite of India.
ONGC’s Vashishta & S1 development project located in the Krishna-Godavari (KG) Offshore Basin in Andhra Pradesh will be inaugurated by PM.
This is an increase of close to 30 percent.
He thanked all the people who had property around the temple, and have allowed its acquisition for the project.
The world expects much from India, in terms of contributing to global growth.
The world was looking at India with hope, and investors were confident of investing in the country.
I say this because, India has reached a position from where, now it is easier to improve further.
No community is shaping our world as much as the one on this Californian Coast.
Comparing the performance of his Government vis a vis UPA, Mr. Modi said that “In four years of our rule, we constructed 1.30 crore houses while in UPA rule they built 25 lakh houses.”
I am glad that we will soon have direct air services by airlines of both countries.
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
During that period, Bloomberg has provided intelligent commentary and incisive analysis of India’s economy.
“I will be visiting Washington, D.C. on 24-26 June at the invitation of President Donald J. Trump.
I am told that in USA alone, more than 20 million people are practicing Yoga and that this number is increasing at an average of five percent every year.
The Prime Minister has also invited people to share their voice messages for the programme on the toll-free number 1800-3000-7800.
“Birthday greetings to our beloved Atal Ji.
Our External Affairs Minister Smt.
We must understand the impact of climate change on our weather, biodiversity, glaciers, and oceans; and, how to adjust to them.
This Buddha Purnima reminds us of all of our obligation to emulate Lord Buddha’s teaching as well as, pledge ourselves to follow his footsteps.
The stadium has been in disuse since 1997.
The Prime Minister said a lot of small changes have been brought in by the Union Government, which have brought significant results.
He said that is why the modern and multi-dimensional Indian Navy plays a leading role in promoting peace and stability in the region.
The Surrogacy (Regulation) Bill, 2016 proposes to regulate surrogacy in India by establishing National Surrogacy Board at the central level and, State Surrogacy Boards and Appropriate Authorities in the States and Union Territories.
Leading financial agencies have shared their optimism about India’s growth as well.
In the long run, it will enable an improvement in the status of rural women in India, as well as contribute to meeting India’s commitment to the Convention to Eliminate All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW), the Beijing Platform for Action and the Sustainable Development Goals.
b) Transfer of 178.75 square meters of land belonging to HUDA to the IISWC Research Centre, Chandigarh.
Out of these, 11,690 are freedom fighters themselves, 24,792 are spouses (widows/ widowers) and 1,490 are daughter pensioners.
It is a matter of pride for all the MPs that the idea of the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana was envisaged by our very Vice-President, the Venerable Venkaiah Ji.
Our partnership for economic prosperity also has to be sensitive to Climate Change.
The Prime Minister said India is taking great strides forward in the defence sector.
The world has received positive vibrations from Auroville, in many forms, over the years.
One of the challenges that we must address is Governance Deficit.
However, these initiatives have fetched only limited success.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on the completion of three years of the Jan Dhan Yojana, has congratulated all the beneficiaries of this historic financial inclusion initiative.
During the interaction, the crew made a presentation on various aspects of the mission, their preparation, training, and experiences during the journey.
25. We reaffirm and support the establishment of the BRICS Agricultural Research Platform (ARP) initiated by India in 2016.
Similarly, this disease is so serious that if we want a treatment, we will have to bear the side effects also.
He recalled his meeting with the Sikh community in London yesterday, and said he shared their pain, understood their problems and was working to resolve them.
We must constantly remain alert and updated.
He exhorted States to work proactively towards creating conducive policy frameworks to enable speedy implementation of solar power projects.
He is a Bharat Ratna in the truest sense.”
He said the State of Jammu and Kashmir should return once again to the days when people from all parts of India saved money to visit the State.
We are particularly keen to develop the sectors where UK is strong.
The Prime Minister said FICCI has a key role to play in sectors such as food processing, start-ups, artificial intelligence, solar power, healthcare etc.
We cannot tolerate black money and corruption.
Our growth rate is acknowledged as the highest among major economies.
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
The MoU will strengthen the existing relationship between CSCM and UPSC.
The Indian refinery industry has done well in establishing itself as a major player globally.
So, friends out of this conviction was born the vision of Digital India.
I congratulate to all those who have been honoured.
He said that keeping this in view, the date of budget presentation is being advanced, so that expenditure is authorized by the time the new financial year begins.
You can see that we are moving closer to global best practices.
The business model arose from the need to achieve economies of scale and to reduce capital investment costs for providing mobile services.
He believes the two nations are soulmates.
The expected date of reaching the target of at least 2.5 lakh approvals is 36 months from the launch of the Scheme.
Another major policy reform is in the petroleum sector.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given approval to introduce the banning of Unregulated Deposit Schemes Bill, 2018 in Parliament.
We will work towards a qualitatively higher level of military-to-military cooperation.
Two years ago, India made a promise.
The Prime Minister said that the emphasis should not be solely on emission caps, but should also be on providing finance and technology for clean energy to the developing countries.
It is true that a hundred percent cashless society is not possible.
The Scheme, completely aligned to the Common Norms as notified earlier, would move to a grant based model where the training and assessment cost would be directly reimbursed to training providers and assessment bodies in accordance with the Common Norms.
The dairy sector has emerged as a vital area for the rural economy.
And States that are not so strong, need to be given needful assistance.
There would be a reduction in marketing margin paid by Urea and LPG producers as a result of this decision.
• to jointly venture towards new horizons of engagement.
All our sportspersons gave their best and played very well.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the building of the ESIC Medical College and Hospital in Coimbatore, and hand it over to the Government of Tamil Nadu.
It provides for enacting a Central Legislation to declare 106 additional inland waterways, as the National waterways.
You too must be having certain thoughts that you wish were proclaimed from Red Fort.
The Cabinet also approved continued financial support to Belmont Forum Secretariat beyond 2017.
Possibilities for partnership also exist in manufacturing of tyres, agro-industrial machinery, and mining equipment.
The two Prime Ministers will dedicate a mobile water desalination van to Suigam Taluka, of Banaskantha district, through a video link.
This is 45 percent of the FDI received in last 18 years.
5. Leather Technology, Innovation and Environmental Issues sub-scheme: Under this sub-scheme, assistance is proposed to be provided for upgradation/installation of Common Effluent Treatment Plants (CETPs) @ 70% of the project cost.
The Prime Minister also met various employees of Indian origin who work at Tesla.
The Prime Minister explained how honey-bees could be an important source of additional income for farmers.
He got his M.Com degree from Gujrati College, Indore, specializing in Rural Development and Management.
They said,they would go back, have the images downloaded on to a computer and take printouts.
I am very happy to be here in the land of the great Cholas who established India’s historic civilization links through trade and education.
Please change this situation.”
1. Central Assistance for one-time settlement of displaced families from Pak Occupied Jammu and Kashmir (PoJK) and Chhamb settled in the State of Jammu & Kashmir.
Friends, Asian countries provide large business opportunities because of large consumer base of more than 4 billion, increasing purchasing power and young demographic profile.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
U Htun Ohn, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Religious Affairs and Culture
There are many who try to provide food to the hungry.
It provides everything – search and comparison, tender, online ordering, contract generation and payment.
“Anguished over the loss of lives at the Kumbh due to heavy rains.
Such inter-mingling will consolidate our links and deepen our understanding.
This scheme will help reduce the maternal mortality rate, in a big way.
The saint’s words on friendship capture the feeling that I get each time I come to Malaysia.
The ShahpurKandi Dam project is proposed on River Ravi, 11 d/s of RanjitSagarDam and 8 km u/s of Madhopur Head Works.
(ii) Taking preventive measures that would eliminate human trafficking in women and children and in protecting the rights of victims of trafficking.
Our actions and aspirations, capacities and human capital, democracy and demography,and strength and success. will continue to be an anchor for all round regional and global progress.
Friends I want to tell you about another thing today.
These projects will significantly augment the availability of energy in the city, and the region.
Our Country leaves, no stone unturned to ensure that every citizen of India who is a registered voter, rightfully avails of the opportunity to cast his vote.
Sharing of expertise and experiences;
1. NJMC has been incurring losses for several years and was under reference to BIFR since 1993.
Thousands of organisations were getting funds from overseas.
The Nation was his central message.
He also welcomed the organization of the Paris Peace Forum on this occasion.
Joint projects and works carried out under this MoU depending on the type and field of activity shall be on non-commercial or commercial basis and shall be executed either without mutual payments or on the basis of compensatory arrangements or contracts.
He noted that the Union Government as well as all State Governments would be keen to popularize sports.
To co-incide with the ASEAN –India Comme–morative Summit of ASEAN leaders in January next year, we are also organising the ASEAN-India Business and Investment Meet and Expo.
We are seeing a surge of innovation.
A recent study conducted with the help of the World Bank Group has brought out the urgency among our provincial governments on ease of doing business.
a. To monitor the implementation of the Act;
Our aim is that for every Indian abroad, home should never be far away.
It is an opportunity to test my endeavors on this touchstone.
Illicit funding promotes organized criminal activities like drug trafficking, arms trafficking, human trafficking, and terrorism.
Mr Liang Wengen is the Chairman of SANY Group.
Just before returning through Talaimannar, his words to the Reception Committee in Jaffna were: “The message that I can leave for Jaffna as for the whole of Ceylonis: let it not be “out of sight, out of mind”.
Along with its Australian and Indonesian counterparts, the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services is mandated to issue regional tsunami bulletins.
May this festival bring happiness, good health and prosperity in everyone’s lives.
After all it was humankind that chose the path of conflict with Nature and consequently earnt her periodic wrath.
In MGNREGS too, a saving of Rs. 3000 crore (roughly 10 per cent) has been estimated in 2015-16.
I am pleased that we are making good progress on the decisions from my very productive visit in March.
We will draw the best from the wisdom and knowledge of eminent persons, who changed, or influenced change in the lives of many, to make their nation a better place in the planet.
The monitoring and review of performance would be linked to the implementation of the Start Up Action Plan to enable execution as per timelines and milestones.
As a follow-up to Prime Minister’s exhortation to Secretaries to come up with ideas for transformative change in various areas of governance, on Wednesday (20th January, 2016), two Groups of Secretaries presented their ideas and suggestions on (a) Good Governance: Challenges and Opportunities (b) Farmer-centric issues in agriculture and allied sectors, to the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
We are on the way to ensure that all the North East states come on the rail map soon.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of key infrastructure projects in the Railway, Metro Rail, Coal and Iron Ore Mining, Road, Power, and Aviation sectors, spread over several States.
The current decision will be notified by the Central Government and will be communicated to all the States/UTs.
Benefits: The population of 30 lakh of Indore will be benefited by the Metro Rail Project directly or indirectly.
This is a prime example of how the public sector and the private sector can combine with good intention to build a world-class institute aimed at benefiting the poor.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of former Chancellor of Germany, Mr. Helmut Kohl.
The estimated recoverable reserves are of the order of thirty Million Metric Tonnes.
• Progesterone-only pills (POP) – for lactating mothers.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
His affectionate ties for the country continue to be reflected in the strong partnership between the two nations.
According to my rough estimate, around 35-40 schemes are now under ‘Direct Benefit Transfer.’
(i). Any non-bank entity intending to set up WLAs should have a minimum net worth of Rs. 100 crore as per the latest financial year’s audited balance sheet, which is to be maintained at all times.
You may not have won the final match but you have won the hearts of 1.25 billion Indians.
MoU between the Central Council for Research in Homeopathy, Ministry of AYUSH and the Centre for Integrative Complementary Medicine, Shaare Zedek Medical Center on Cooperation in the field of Research in Homeopathic Medicine
The commercial vehicle population of thirteen million is projected to reach fifty six million by 2040.
Concluding the meeting immediately after PM’s remarks, President Xi appreciated India’s strong resolve against terrorism and the momentum in BRICS introduced under India’s Chairmanship and through the outcomes of the Goa Summit in 2016.
# My name is Satish Bewani.
He will dedicate the 400kV double circuit Silchar-Imphal line.
You should certainly send the pictures of three generations doing yoga together to me on Narendra ModiApp or on Mygov.
The magnitude of cash in circulation is directly linked to the level of corruption.
But, even as a young nation you pride in several firsts.
This time every devotee will be able to have a darshan of the pious Akshayavat after the holy dip in the confluence.
The Council reflects the full economic diversity and depth of business engagement between our countries.
The INS Kalvari is a diesel-electric attack submarine that has been built for the Indian Navy by the Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited.
Even a common man can download the Narendra Modi App and get connected to me.
• Provides rapid quality diagnostics for fight against TB, especially DR-TB.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
New Railway Line inaugurated between Balangir & Bichupali
Many of them are looking for technological and financial collaborations with Indian partners.
Time bound trial and repatriation of the victims – within a period of one year from taking into cognizance.
After the inclusion of 106 additional inlands waterways to the existing five National waterways, the total number of National waterways goes upto 111.
Consumers’ protection finds mention in our Vedas written thousands of years ago.
Neeraj ji was blessed with a special quality… it was a combination of hope, faith, a firm resolve and self-confidence.
The Prime Minister felicitated the Sarpanches of villages which have achieved 100 percent smokeless kitchens, 100 percent vaccination under Mission Indradhanush, and 100 percent electrification under Saubhagya Scheme.
The committee includes several Governors, Chief Ministers, Scientists, Journalists, Academicians, Social Workers and Spiritual Leaders.
Both sides reviewed the preparations for the CoP-21 conference in Paris.
It will provide appropriate protection to investments on a reciprocal basis between ITA and TECC.
The Prime Minister said that people’s participation emerges as a common theme among the presentations given today, as well as from the responses which he has received.
The Prime Minister urged to officials to give maximum attention to drip and micro-irrigation, in these upcoming irrigation projects.
The wording of the above provisions of the Act in its present form has resulted in continuation of a Chairman for an indefinite period as no suitable successor could be found eligible for appointment.
The two visiting Secretaries briefed Prime Minister on the 2nd India-U.S. Strategic & Commercial Dialogue that concluded yesterday in New Delhi.
He unveiled a foundation stone for a Knowledge Research Centre to mark the occasion.
The children explained in detail, their special achievements, and shared their inspirational stories.
The Agreement aims to entering into a bilateral Agreement on co-operation Customs matters between India and Qatar.
Talking about the other schemes, the scheme for providing ‘soil health cards’ to the farmers was launched in February 2015.
He came to Calcutta and met Swami Vivekananda on 1st February 1902 and both went to Bodh Gaya together.
My dear countrymen, we shall observe Navy Day on the 4th of December.
For the selection of clusters, the Ministry of Rural Development is adopting a scientific process of cluster selection which involves an objective analysis at the District, Sub District and Village level, of the demography, economy, tourism and pilgrimage significance and transportation corridor impact.
In the history of our freedom movement, the 9th August movement has been such an important, extensive and intense movement which even the Britishers could not imagine.
The Indian side urged Viet Nam to utilise various initiatives of India for CLMV countries, including the US$1 billion line of credit for physical and digital connectivity projects.
The Merchant Shipping Act, 1958 had become a bulky piece of legislation over the years as a result of various amendments carried out in the Act from time to time.
This is probably the first of its kind, the most widespread experiment in environment consciousness.
This shift will be based on ‘Caring for our World’, and ‘Sharing with Others’.
The significant reforms that will usher in, upon enactment of the Bill, are:
Today, Yoga has proved this thing that as India has once again attached itself to the power of Yoga, similarly, the world too has started attaching itself with the Yoga.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned some priority areas of research such as raising agricultural income, solutions for chronic and genetic diseases such as sickle cell anaemia, waste management and cyber security.
We have to show what has been achieved on the ground
“On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
The National Gas Grid or Pradhan Mantri Urja Ganga has also been created to have a gas based economy and enhance the share of gas in the energy basket.
Some social institutions have been involved in this activity for many years was common knowledge, but the youth of my country are engaged in this task, I only came to know later.
Cho Ramaswamy was insightful, frank brilliant.
I will also address a public meeting.
However, there is significant potential for India and UK to further strengthen their economic ties.
You should build new ranges from which the peaks will arise.
DGLL having expertise in lighthouse engineering maintains large inventory of Aids to navigation which includes 193 lighthouses, 64 Racons, 22 Deep Sea lighted buoys, 23 DGPS stations, 01 Lightship, 04 tender vessels, National AlS Network, Vessel Traffic Service in Gulf of Kutch.
See what the big people of the world do for climate change.
I have received a very interesting phone call.
I am told you also have a Swahili proverb:
Themes such as infrastructure, defence manufacturing and energy security also came up for discussion.
Participants were of the view that States and Cities in India should be allowed to take the lead in clean energy initiatives.
Series of meetings were held bilaterally as well as at Govt. of India level.
Our economic partnership is still below its full potential.
Holistic lifestyle has become a buzzword.
And, whenever I got a chance to listen to poems like Anandloke and Aaguner, Poroshmoni, I used to feel as if my mind was being energised.
This government has launched an ambitious Smart Cities programme.
In course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, Shri Amitabh Kant, it was noted that the pace of road construction has picked up significantly.
We have a new savings programme to help pay for girls’ education with a special high rate of interest.
It is expected to enable India to use new technological developments.
LIGO-India will also bring considerable opportunities in cutting edge technology for the Indian industry which will be engaged in the construction of eight kilometre long beam tube at ultra-high vacuum on a levelled terrain.
It is the result of global warming that came from the prosperity and progress of an industrial age powered by fossil fuel.
Prime Minister thanked President Obama for his strong support and contribution to strengthening the strategic partnership between India and the US.
It hinges on two major reasons.
I render my pranam to Pandit ji.
Six labour laws and three environmental laws have been changed so that young entrepreneurs need to provide only self-certification.
He mentioned the steps taken to clear the pending dues of the sugarcane farmers, which had mounted to many thousands of crore rupees.
CNG, LPG, and Biofuels are cleaner fuels for the transportation sector.
Today, I express our Nation’s gratitude to our military.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Agreement between the Indian National Science Academy (INSA) and the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus (NASB) on Scientific and Technological Cooperation for mutual benefit in the areas of science, technology, agriculture, etc.
He expressed hope that the School will fulfill the aspiration of tribal children.
He spoke of the similarity in rural life in the two countries.
A variety of subjects such as administration, governance, technology and policy-making came up for discussion.
Malaysian investors are present in the world’s second largest telecom market – that is India.
Thereafter, At Aaure village in Varanasi, PM will inaugurate a number of development projects, aimed at boosting health and other sectors in Varanasi and nearby areas.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the creation of the Higher Education Financing Agency (HEFA) to give a major push for creation of high quality infrastructure in premier educational institutions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the valedictory session of the function to mark National Law Day – 2017, at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi.
Under this campaign, food items and clothes will be collected and supplied to the needy persons.
Shri Anil Madhav Dave was a true social worker widely known for his empathy for the poor and under-privileged.
Our soldiers, the para-military forces and the Police are laying down their lives and are in service of the people of the country day in and day out for maintaining the splendour and dignity of the National flag, the tricolour.
No wonder then that former Prime Minister of India Atal Bihari Vajpayee called India and the U.S. ‘natural allies’.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore’s credo of Universal Humanism is reflected in the Union Government’s guiding principle of “Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.”
There is much that is common in our approach and positions.
My Armed Forces speak with great respect and admiration for Singapore’s Armed Forces.
Centuries later, Anagarika Dharmapala undertook a similar journey, but this time, from Sri Lanka to India, to revive the spirit of Buddha in the land of its own origin.
We will remain active participants in the ASEAN-led security dialogue and cooperation forums.
These discussions are also political and social in nature, can be about movies, sports and sportspersons or can focus even on the problems of the country – any problem with probable solutions are discussed at length – but often the problems and their solutions remain limited to such animated discussions only.
All our people, Hindus, Muslims, Sikhs, Christians, Jains, Buddhists, the micro-minority of Parsis, believers, non-believers, are an integral part of India.
He said that as a result of these measures, India’s rank has risen from 142 to 100, in the World Bank “Ease of Doing Business” rankings.
The most important feature of this amendment is that mining leases (ML) and prospecting license-cum-mining lease (PL-cum-ML) will be granted only through an auction process.
He said, “Our government started the Ayushman Bharat scheme from Jharkhand, the Ujjwala scheme started with the UP, Prime Minister’s security insurance scheme started from West Bengal, the handloom campaign started from Tamil Nadu, Beti Bachao Beti Padhao started from Haryana.”
Condemning the recent terrorist attack on pilgrims of Amarnath Yatra, Sr. Gen. U Min Aung Hliang expressed his sincere condolences for the victims of the attack.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the proposal of the Ministry of Shipping for provision and operationalization of credit of 150 million USD from EXIM Bank for development of Chabahar Port in Iran.
I am sure the Summit is just a beginning and will add a new chapter to our thousand years old relations with You.
• Solar Photo-Voltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
It also continues to be among the top ten countries globally in terms of FDI inflows.
Disaster Risk Reduction has a pivotal role in supporting adaptation to climate change as well as sustainable development.
We are exploring the setting up of a technology demonstration Centre in India to showcase Belarusian technology.
In the past few weeks, we all witnessed that there were dust storms in the different regions of the country, along with heavy winds and unseasonal heavy rains.
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
We have laid all round emphasis on Ease of Doing Business.
They also cause undue hardships,particularly to those at the bottom of the pyramid in developing and least developed countries.
The details of the MoU are:
(18). Both the licensees trading the spectrum shall jointly give a prior intimation for trading the right to use the spectrum at least 45 days before the proposed effective date of the trading.
And, personally, I have always deeply valued our friendship.
The memorial will promote a sense of patriotism in the minds of visitors, and will award an opportunity to citizens of this vast nation, to express their token sense of gratitude to the brave soldiers, who laid down their lives for the mother land.
When I started reading about the freedom struggle , it was then I realized that how much struggle was involved in getting India freed, how much sacrifices were given and how so many freedom fighters spent years in prison.
H.E. President Mohammad Ashraf Ghani Foreign Minister Excellency Rabbani And my dear Afghan friends, sisters and brothers
He added that it will bring in ‘Ease of Living’, along with environment friendly travelling.
Prime Minister expressed happiness is seeing young talents rise from the small towns, rural areas and from poor background and win medals for the nation.
We are on our way to reaching the target.
I have to struggle even to make it to the monthly programme, have to make adjustments to my time-table.
He said care had been taken to eliminate the shortcomings of previous crop insurance schemes, and create trust among farmers with regard to crop insurance.
Let the GST be carried forward till the point it has positive impact on the world’s economy.
Do not see it as just garbage.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times.
b) Infrastructure of social sectors of education and health.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri Pankaj Advani on winning his 18th world title in the recently concluded IBSF World Snooker Championship.
He said big sums of money that is locked up in these cases, could have been used for the welfare of the poor.
The Prime Minister said that the New India that is being built with the inspiration of these great leaders, has development at its core.
The Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Shri O. Panneerselvam, called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Your Foundation day and the commencement of the new economic paradigm of India- the “Goods and Services Tax” coincide on this very day.
2. International Conference on Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM)
To do this, we have to absorb new ideas collectively rather than individually.
In our government, Uri happened, what happened after it?
The city that was the gateway to the West, South and Central Asia,will once again be the hub that will unite the regions in a peaceful pursuit of prosperity.
Our ties, therefore, are more than seventy years old.
Laying of Foundation stone of ‘Battles of Panipat Museum’, Panipat
These infrastructure will also enable the vehicle and component manufacturers to develop and get certificates in the country, for automotive products which confirm to the world standards thus implementing the ‘Make in India’ objective.
At times he had been to several places like Mumbai, Hyderabad and Delhi.
Promotion of payments through cards and digital means will be instrumental in reducing tax avoidance, migration of Government payments and collections to cashless mode, discourage transactions in cash by providing access to financial payment services to the citizens to conduct transactions through card/ digital means and shifting payment ecosystem from cash dominated to non-cash/less cash payments.
As home to nearly two third of humanity, BRICS and BIMSTEC together can potentially unlock immense synergies with huge benefits for all our people.
Seven decades after the United Nations was created, the world is a different place.
On manufacturing, the Prime Minister said that the ecosystem for electronics manufacturing in India should now be focused on manufacture of medical equipment devices.
Two new middle income categories have been created under the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana in urban areas.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved transfer of 16.5 cents of land and building belonging to Department of Posts at Thrissur in Kerala to Thrissur Municipal Corporation for widening of Pattalam Road, in public interest on the principle of land in exchange of land.
The Stor palace has been the setting for many momentous historical events.
The youth responded enthusiastically to the Prime Minister’s statements and questions.
He said that towards this end, the partnerships with Sweden and the other Nordic countries are very important.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the establishment of International Training Centre for Operational Oceanography, as a Category-2 Centre (C2C) of UNESCO, in Hyderabad.
Both sides expressed interest in enhancing cooperation possibilities in maritime domain.
This will be first of its kind of project in India.
We also used this statistics in the election-speeches.
Farmers will get claims against the full sum insured, without any reduction.
The flower heads of the summer fruit mango manifest themselves in the spring season itself.
This is the first time in the history of the country that the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas would implement a welfare scheme benefitting crores of women belonging to the poorest households.
Dr. Hitendra Mahajan and Dr. Mahendra Mahajan, both with a keen desire to help our tribal population.
Whereas the carriers of Georgia can establish direct operation to six points namely New Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Chennai and Goa.
Japanese people have led the world in sustainable development.
Speaker of the National Assembly, Mr. Moon Hee-sang
Senior officers of Central Public Sector Enterprises, and top Ministry officials will attend the conclave.
implementation of risk based safety management system, providing training,
Speaking at the conclusion of the presentations, the Prime Minister emphasized that the Union Government is open to new ideas.
The railway tracks are being laid at double the speed.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved setting up of GST Council and setting up its Secretariat as per the following details:
Whether it is for the kitchen of a common manor for an aircraft,energy is essential.
He said that the State Government and the Union Government are working together for the rapid development of Jharkhand.
The objective is to reinforce commitment of the Government towards creating an ecosystem that is conducive for growth of Start-ups.
Just like Diwali, it should be our own festival.
The knowledge gained will help in improving the services rendered to the patients suffering from end stage organ failure.
The largest number of overseas patients for cancer treatment in Champalimaud Foundation are from India.
These will be implemented as non-PPP component.
Partnership in Education is creating new connections between our people.
Our security agencies work together against terrorism.
Two Groups of Secretaries to the Government of India, today presented ideas on Health, Sanitation & Urban Development, and Commerce & Industry, to the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
Both these places attract a large number of pilgrims every year.
PM Abe conveyed that a survey Mission will be coming from Japan in May to take forward the Convention Centre project in Varanasi.
Addressing a public meeting in Baghpat on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the entire stretch of the Delhi Meerut Expressway would be completed soon.
The Summit is being held in South Asia for the first time.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji’s call, many youth from the Andamans had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
Army has deployed 10 Columns and 10 Teams of Engineering Task Force (ETFs) involving around 790 trained personnel’s.
In trade and investment, we are already significant partners.
He also refers to INSV Tarini, with an all women crew on board under the command of Vartika Joshi, which is currently circumnavigating the globe.
A Quit India Quiz is also being launched for my young friends on NarendraModiApp.
Through its highly competitive launch services, India today not only propels satellites of developing countries but also those of developed nations.
The facility will create, develop and provide access to a range of laboratory animals and related technological resources for advancement of biomedical research in the country, mainly to facilitate research in medical colleges, research and academic institutions, universities and Biotech/Bio-pharma companies.
Here at the GES, more than 50 percent of the delegates are women.
“Congratulations to the dedicated scientists of ISRO for the successful launch of GSLV – MKIII D1/GSAT-19 mission.
Shikhar Thakur has written on MyGov that we could have performed better at the Olympics.
Some people think that only city dwellers who are fluent in English are capable for such tasks.
The Prime Minister urged the people of Gujarat to work on food processing.
The Soundarya Lahari is a set of shlokas composed by Adi Shankaracharya.
Those nations who leave their heritage behind, are destined to lose their identity, he added.
The launch of the 100th satellite by ISRO signifies both its glorious achievements, and also the bright future of India’s space programme.
When the future of every citizen improves, the future of India and stature of India in the world improves!
Firstly, we have imposed carbon taxes on fossil fuels.
With this policy dispensation, new investment in Exploration and Production (E&P) activities and chances of finding new hydrocarbon discoveries and resultant increased domestic production thereof is expected.
In each of our respective countries, we seek to deliver affordable, efficient, clean and assured energy supplies to our citizens.
We welcome the upcoming establishment of the Americas Regional Office in São Paulo, Brazil, which, alongside the Africa Regional Centre, will help the NDB consolidate its presence in those continents.
We are still left with about three weeks for the International Yoga Day.
Today is the last day of month of April.
H. E. Mr. Recep Tayyip Erdogan, President of the Republic of Turkey, called Prime Minister Narendra Modi over telephone today.
i. Identification of beneficiaries eligible for assistance and their prioritisation to be done using information from Socio Economic and Caste Census (SECC) ensuring total transparency and objectivity. ii.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi thanked President Mr. Yoweri Museveni for the warm hospitality extended to him and his delegation during their stay in Uganda and extended an invitation to visit India.
In addition to Gujarat, they will be developed in Karnataka, Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu.
Prime Minister Modi welcomed the steps taken to strengthen military cooperation between India and China.
I had the opportunity to meet the brave families, families of those who had sacrificed their lives and also those who had participated in the war who are in the twilight years of their lives.
An effort is being made to provide quality education.
It was agreed that if Mandana Mishra lost, he would cease to be a householder (gruhasta) and accept sanyasa.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the day marks a decisive turning point, in determining the future course of the country.
When we started the Make in India campaign, manufacturing growth in the country was 1.7 per cent.
I expressed our appreciation for continued U.S. support for India’s membership of the international export control regimes within our targeted time frame.
The event showcased the popularity of Indian cultural traditions in Russia and its importance of Inter-cultural understanding.
You have, during your deliberations today, also talked about the key points of his address.
Here, a strong resolve of maintaining cleanliness also is as important as the strict discipline observed during worship.
This has hampered growth in inter-state commerce.
We have targeted additional 175 GW of renewable energy by 2022; cut back on subsidies on fossil fuel and imposed carbon cess on coal.
Our companies have to evolve from a buyer-seller framework to deeper engagement.
My dear countrymen, our holy land has given great souls who selflessly served humanity.
He mentioned the initiatives of Mission Innovation, involving India, US and France, and the International Solar Alliance.
Nepa Limited, Nepanagar is a Public Sector Enterprise (PSE) of Government of India.
Our strengths in manufacturing and export are backed up by our ability to develop world-class training and research institutes.
Also, by having projects of strategic interest to India executed by Indian entities, the CFS enables India to generate substantial backward linkage induced jobs, demand for material and machinery in India and also a lot of goodwill for India.
Even if one family member treads the wrong path, the family is shattered once and for all.
The spread of electronic means of trading and the use of depositories have made our markets more transparent.
It will be attended by eminent educationists and key policy makers to prepare the “Roadmap for opportunities in STEM Education & Research in India”.
Those who love sports play for passion, not for monetary rewards, the Prime Minister said.
There can be no doubt that in advancing this relationship, both nations stand to gain in great measure.
He also visited the Operations Control Room of the Power Station.
Whenever I would visit Kolkata, I would always make it a point to seek the blessings of Swami Atmasthananda ji”, the Prime Minister said.
He asked all State Governments to maximize the use of GeM by August 15th.
For all our progress, we live on the edge of uncertainty, of unsettled questions and unresolved disputes; contests and claims; and clashing visions and competing models.
To quote from our ancient scriptures:
Our universities, labs and firms are working together for next generation advanced bio fuels, solar energy and energy efficiency.
A large number of Koreans trace their ancestry to this legendary princess.
The Thrissur Municipal Corporation will also construct a Post Office having a built up area of 3500 sq.feet, as per the specifications of Department of Posts including compound wall with two gates at their own cost.
The MoU would facilitate students and faculty of Educational Institutions in Afghanistan to register and use the SWAYAM Courses.
We also recognize the need to tackle the issue of water availability, which is becoming a major challenge.
“On Arunachal Pradesh’s Statehood Day, my greetings to people of the state.
India’s banks and post offices are also being encouraged to operate ‘mobile ATMs’.
He complimented the people of Kashi for extending a warm welcome to French President Emmanuel Macron.
Expansion of the scope of work of the Society named International Centre for Drinking Water Quality to authorise it for receiving EBR funds for SBM(G), disbursement of the same to the Sates/UTs implementing agencies, and its repayment.
He said India should be proud to be a country of so many dialects and languages, and so many different faiths, living in harmony.
The SPMRM will provide an additional funding support of upto 30 percent of the project cost per cluster as Critical Gap Funding (CGF) as Central Share to enable development of such Rurban clusters.
15.Considering that both countries have huge diaspora communities abroad, the Leaders agreed on exchanging views, information and share best practices with respect to the participation of networks, organizations and individuals in their diasporas in the development of communities of their origin and their residence, as well as for the welfare and protection of their respective nationals in foreign countries.
The two Member Committee constituted by the PMO, the Law Commission of India and the Legislative Department identified 1824 redundant and obsolete Central Acts for repeal.
Was pleased to visit Haifa and pay homage there in person in July”, the Prime Minister said.
The Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark-III (GSLV Mk-III) has been developed towards achieving indigenous launch capability to launch 4 tonne class of satellites into Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO).
From the dam site, the Prime Minister will travel to Sadhu Bet, where the Statue of Unity, an iconic statue and associated memorial complex for Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, is currently under construction.
Recently you celebrated Diwali at your home with members of the Indian community!
I convey our deepest appreciation for the excellent arrangements and hospitality; and, for your leadership of ASEAN and East Asia Summit.
BRICS Wellness Forum 17.
Five Japanese Companies took the lead by establishing JIMs in 2017 viz., Suzuki (Gujarat), Daikin (Rajasthan), Yamaha (Tamil Nadu), Toyota and Hitachi (Karnataka).
The Agreement was exchanged on 12th September, 2017 at New Delhi during the visit of Belarus President H.E. Mr. Alexander Lukashenko.
You should take advantage of the renewed interest of Global Players to work in India.
Work Plan on Cooperation between the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers’ Welfare of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Production and Labour of the Argentine Republic within the MoU signed in 2010.
You see, if all the people of one state will do this, then I will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it and prepare publicity material based on seven common things received from each state.
The two leaders discussed the regional situation.
The Governors explained opportunities for increasing interaction, people to people, and business links between their provinces, and India.
During elections, I used to have ‘चाय पर चर्चा’, that is discussions over tea and this got publicised around the whole world.
Deeper economic engagement, growth of trade, manufacturing and investment ties, focus on clean energy, partnership to secure our citizens, and cooperation on infrastructure and skill development are among our key priorities.
My dear countrymen, we are continually seeing that our daughters are bringing laurels to the country in all the fields – be it education, economic activities, social spheres or in sports – they are scaling new heights.
Housing and Construction Sector plays a major role in the growth of economy and creating new employment opportunities.
• The Mission will define the roadmap for transformative mobility in “New India” by introducing a sustainable mobility ecosystem and fostering Make-in-India to boost domestic manufacturing and employment generation in the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event to mark the Centenary Celebrations of Karnatak Lingayat Education Society, at Belagavi.
The salient features of the scheme are as follows:
I am conscious that I walk in the footsteps of leaders who have shaped modern India and our relationship with this region –President Shri APJ Abdul Kalam, Prime Minister Shri P.V. Narsimha Rao, and former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people on Ambedkar Jayanti.
In the coming October month, from 1st October to 15th October, Drinking Water and Sanitation Department, Panchayati Raj Department and Rural Development Department – these three are going to work under a designated roadmap in their respective areas.
● To increase your Venture Capital or VC funding by 10 percent, tell the investors you run a “platform”, not a regular business.
On 12th August, 2018, Shri Rajnath Singh, Union Home Minister accompanied by Shri K.J. Alphons, MoS (I/C), Tourism and senior officers visited the flood/landslide affected areas of Kerala and carried out aerial survey of the affected areas and reviewed the search, rescue and relief measures taken by the State and Central Government agencies with CM, Kerala, and other Ministers and Officials.
World over it is said that potable water can contributing factor for GDP growth.
We are cooperating in:
In this context, he highlighted the auctions of coal, spectrum and FM radio licenses.
More than three lakh dubious companies have been closed down, and restrictions have been imposed on their directors.
This forms the key peg for this Summit.
We have an ancient Indian saying:
45. The Sides welcomed the conclusion of the contract for the supply of the S-400 Long Range Surface to Air Missile System to India.
He said that the projects unveiled today will not only improve the ease of living here but also improve tourism and thus increase employment opportunities.
01.07.2018 representing an increase of 2% over the existing rate of 7% of the Basic Pay/Pension, to compensate for price rise.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Union Government is working towards the target of doubling farmers’ incomes, by lowering input costs and enabling appropriate price for their produce.
The 2nd of October, this year, has a special significance.
And, it must be a nation, where every citizen is secure of her rights and confident about her future.
They are preferring to become Entrepreneurs.
Interbank Local Currency Credit Line Agreement
My thoughts are with the bereaved families.
It is a force for peace, a factor for stability and an engine for regional and global prosperity.
Every Indian will now be proud to see the world’s tallest statue here on Indian soil.
This has directly contributed to reduction in maternal mortality.
Today a truck driver on an average is able to save 30% of his travel time from one point to another after GST was introduced.
Obviously, this did not happen by accident.
He outlined the steps being taken in building infrastructure, including roads, railways, waterways etc.
“A beacon of selfless service and an excellent organiser, I bow to our inspiration and guide, Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya on his birth anniversary.
Communication leads to compassion, the Prime Minister added.
In the same way it is our duty to ensure that this message reaches out to our new generations.
Make in India has already created a strong impact.
It plays an important role in curbing inflation.
“I will travel to Uzbekistan for a brief visit to attend the SCO Summit and interact with leaders of SCO nations.
We are a nation with have a bumper harvest production.” he added.
Bilateral Meetings.
They are full of such stories.
I compliment you all for this great ongoing effort.
One can clearly see that today, the youth, the elderly, women, in fact every age group is taking to Khadi & handloom.
The Prime Minister addressed the Indian diaspora at the SAP arena.
I pay my tributes to HH Pramukh Swami Maharaj.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the creation of National Bench of the Goods and Services Tax Appellate Tribunal (GSTAT).
Synergize your energy with the strength of India.
In a series of tweets from his twitter handle the Prime Minister said that the Marshal of the IAF Arjan Singh’s determined focus on capacity building in the IAF added great strength to our defence capabilities.
A specific project came to my notice.
We are going to go back after getting inspiration for all these things.
Noting that terrorists cannot manufacture weapons or print currency, the Prime Minister said that clearly, terrorists obtain these things from certain countries.
We will strive to maintain the same pace of development.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited the National Assembly of Mozambique, in Maputo.
“Tributes to those who lost their lives in the gruesome 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai.
The theme of India’s BRICS Chairmanship will be “Building Responsive, Inclusive and Collective Solutions” which, in short, will be ‘BRICS’.
The Navy has provided humanitarian assistance and disaster relief to people affected by cyclone ‘Ockhi’ in Lakshadweep.
The Forum welcomed the interest for such courses expressed by Cotton University and Gauhati University in Assam state, EFLU in Meghalaya state as well as NIT-N in Nagaland state, to which Japan is prepared to provide appropriate support through Japanese Language Teachers Training Centre.
We will do more and more; better and better; faster and faster.
I also request all Secretaries to Government to conduct a follow up discussion in a week’s time, with the participants from their Ministries.
The SSB was set up in 1963 to inculcate a sense of security, promoting national awareness and security consciousness in the border population.
A tale associated with this incident is also very popular.
This is the third place in Haryana, after Gurugram and Faridabad to be connected like this.
It’s a great pleasure to be here in California.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovation has a key role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel, closer to each other.
Given the geographical and cultural closeness between the two countries, there are many common challenges like countering terrorism that needs joint action.
I will add my views on some exam-related issues about which I feel strongly.
To leap ahead together in the era of technology and to tap into the synergies and complementarities between Japan’s “Society 5.0” and India’s flagship programmes like “Digital India”, “Smart City” and “Start-up India” for promoting “Ease of Living”, the two nations will cooperate in areas of next generation technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Internet of Things (IoT), etc.
I instructed my officials to identify 117 ‘Aspirational Districts’.
Pilgrims would then be able to visit the holy shrine throughout the year.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for introduction of Pension and Post-Retirement Medical Schemes as part of superannuation benefits for Employees of Food Corporation of India (FCI) as per guidelines of Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
We encourage the presence of Korean Trade Offices in India.
He noted that India is now the world’s sixth largest economy.
Energy Security is an important dimension of our development partnership.
The Prime Minister appreciated the State Government, and all other agencies for the response to the flood situation so far.
On the occasion of the birth anniversary of SelviJayalalithaaji, I pay my tributes to her and extend my greetings and best wishes to all of you.Wherever she is, I am sure, she would be very happy, to see the happiness on your faces.
It has been practiced for ages, even in the humblest of households.
India and Afghanistan share a very strong partnership based on historical and cultural links.
My dear countrymen, last week I had many wonderful experiences in Navsari, Gujarat.
He said these are illustrations of the skill, scale and speed of New India.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Health and Family welfare of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Health And Sports of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar on cooperation in the field of Health and medicine
On June 21, more than a million people in 192 countries came together to celebrate the first International Day of Yoga.
Working together, we are determined to take our relationship forward as a ‘future oriented partnership for People, Prosperity and Peace’.
I am particularly grateful to you for our security cooperation.
“It is a matter of great pride that the Namami Brahmaputra festival is being launched by the Assam Government.
You make India proud!
He said that for India, this is not just an industrial transformation, but a social transformation.
The Prime Minister recalled the successful visit of H. E. Mr. Lee Hsien Loong, Prime Minister of Singapore, to India in October 2016, and appreciated the follow-up action taken by both sides on the decisions taken at the Summit.
And, their blood in the Malaysian soil now forms a bond between our two countries that can never be erased.
It is no surprise that today Japan is India’s fourth largest source of FDI.
I also thank President Obama for his positive response to my call for a global public partnership for developing affordable clean energy sources that will enable faster adoption of clean energy across the world.
In the last sixty weeks alone, four crore people got these connections
The Prime Minister paid homage to Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary, and recalled his great contributions and service to the nation at crucial periods in various official capacities.
Ministry of Coal may engage a consultant for development of the contract document.
I call upon each one of you here, including those who have joined us virtually, to embrace this in true spirit, so that we are able to extend our support to the entire humanity.
He added that such value addition would benefit both farmers and industries.
These two brothers have brought pride to the Nation.
· The Centre will dispatch immediate financial assistance worth Rs. 325 crore to cater to the requirements of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
So, to the people and Government of Herat and the Government of Afghanistan, I express our deepest appreciation for your support, patience and understanding – and, above all, your belief in us.
I hope that the ratification of the reforms of 2010 in the United States would be completed at the earliest.
It is a struggle between the values of humanism and the forces of inhumanity.”
It is further provided that the information received from Kuwait in respect of a resident of India can be shared with other law enforcement agencies with authorization of the competent authority of Kuwait and vice versa.
That is how these children will become true assets of the country when they grow up.
He inspired many generations of aspiring journalists and politicians spanning many societies in India.
I am sure, this august gathering will come up with innovative ideas, in which hydrocarbons will continue to fuel the future in a more efficient and sustainable way.
It is as simple as sending WhatsApp messages on the mobile.
However, today the world opinion about India has changed and they talk about our focus on reform, perform and transform.
Let us join our hands together as an expression of our commitment towards this noble cause.
The ASEAN-India partnership will play a defining role in both.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Shri Balraj Madhok.
Around 5000 Pradhan Mantri Jan Aushadhi Kendras have been set up across the country.”
However, over 95 percent of our students go to state universities and colleges where research is still limited.
At Hazaribagh, Prime Minister will unveil following projects:
Citizens are using digital payments as a weapon against corruption and black money, he added.
He said investment by British companies in India would be a win-win partnership for both countries.
The mascot of these games ‘TIKHOR‘represents a baby rhino who is sharp and intelligent.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired a high level meeting on the drought and water scarcity situation in parts of Jharkhand.
(1). Increase of one post at SAG level;
Now if you call them once a month means barring 3-4 months of holiday it will be a meeting 7-8 times a year or less because of Holi/Diwali festivity.
In addition, I would also participate in the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Leaders’ Meeting.
He said the aim remains to double farmers’ incomes, and make the farmers’ lives easier.
The Amendment will increase the maximum limit of gratuity of employees, in the private sector and in Public Sector Undertakings/ Autonomous Organizations under Government who are not covered under CCS (Pension) Rules, at par with Central Government employees.
I repeatedly tell my farmer brethren that instead of wasting our land in building fences around our fields, why don’t we start planting timber trees there.
The Prime Minister said that Navsari had earlier made a mark for interest in reading, and today it has distinguished itself by the care shown towards Divyangs.
We should make it clean, not impose an end to its use.
And, you being a soldier’ daughter should naturally take pride in that.
Our country is full of such myriad diversities.
And you can do this through your mobile phone by going to 10 houses daily and bringing 10 families daily under the ambit of this campaign.
In The festival of Holi, the importance of colors is as important as the ceremony of ‘HolikaDahan’ because it is the day when we burn our inherent vices in the fire.
My dear countrymen, agriculture makes a very major contribution to the fundamentals of our country’s economy.
It is an ideal platform to engage citizens to learn about solutions to global challenges we face.
We have both agreed to support each other for our respective bids for the non-permanent membership of the UN Security Council.
For quality, efficiency, and productivity are not just technical measures, but also a state of mind and a way of life.
The only distinction is between those who believe in humanity and those who do not.
My dear countrymen, this year is a special year for independent India.
Shriman D. Prakash Rao has been a tea vendor in the city of Cuttack forthe past five decades.
It will be a compelling responsibility for all those related with the construction of the temple, for all the future devotees that there should not be anything that might hurt the high ideals and principles of humanity even a bit.
Your car making and our designing capabilities can be put together.
He gave the mantra-“Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan” which inspired the common people of the country to work for the nation.
A Coordination Committee will be headed by Director General, IRRI as Chair and Secretary, Government of India, Department of Agriculture, Cooperation and Farmers Welfare (DACFW) as Co-Chair.
(B). Need based financial allocation of Himayat programme of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Prime Minister also remembered Sir CV Raman, for his contribution to the world of science.
In the life of every teacher, there are incidents of simple efforts that succeeded in bringing about a transformation in somebody’s life.
Many Indian CEOs are here with us.
Speaking on the occasion, PM said that Arunachal is the land of rising sun.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired a high-level meeting to review preparedness for Cyclone Fani.
All these efforts are for providing Basic Lifeline support to people and to make their lives more comfortable.
But this is a good initiative both for improving health and saving the environment.
Shri Sanjay Singh, Director General, Bureau of Indian Standards
Simultaneously, the sentiment that voting is our sacred duty, should grow within us naturally.
b) To exchange information and data related to tourism
Welcoming the elevation of bilateral relationship between the two countries to the level of Comprehensive Strategic Partnership and creation of new mechanisms like bilateral security dialogue, trilateral dialogue, signing of an enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement and Framework Agreement on Cooperation in the Exploration and Uses of Outer Space for Peaceful Purposes;
The train comprises of three tier air conditioned coaches and will provide overnight service between Nagpur and Pune.
The changes will enable the persons belonging to these castes/ communities in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana to avail the benefits of reservation in Government services and posts as well as in Central Educational Institutions as per extant policy.
They will also become eligible for benefit under the various welfare schemes, scholarships etc. being administered by the Central Government, which are at present available to the persons belonging to the Other Backward Classes.
Over the last two and a half years, we have worked relentlessly to realise India’s potential, and to set right the economy.
He gave the illustration of decisions taken for urea availability and production – such as gas price pooling; remuneration for excess production etc.
Some highlights of New Steel Policy
We call for unhindered access for the provision of humanitarian assistance to all parts of Yemen and urge the international community to expeditiously provide the necessary assistance.
A revolution, which rests on digital infrastructure that allows free flow of information, innovation and ideas on the information high-ways.
When I was on the way to this place, Neelesh told me that you people are going to help the traders to understand GST.
It becomes a source of the economic activities for even the poor sections of the society.
So far, 65 countries have ratified the Second Commitment Period.
We commend your commitment and contribution to strengthening our ties.
c) to encourage cooperation between tourism stakeholders, including hotels and tour operators.
This, and our initiative of the International Solar Alliance, will enable India to be a pioneer in moving towards a green Global economy.
Repeal of the Central Excise Tariff Act, 1985; and v. Amendment or repeal of the provisions relating to Acts under which cesses are levied.
Under the PMSSY, AIIMS have been established in Bhubaneswar, Bhopal, Raipur, Jodhpur, Rishikesh and Patna.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the Air Force personnel, on Air Force Day.
Concessionaire would pay Royalty on “per MT of cargo/TEU handled” basis which would be indexed to the variations in the WPI annually.
In addition, PM will unveil the statue of Dr. MG Ramachandran at Dr. MGR Janaki College of Arts & Science for Women, Chennai through video link.
He called upon the NRI community to join hands for building a new India.
• World Sufi Forum an assembly of those whose life itself is a message of peace, tolerance & love: PM
Can’t a little emphasis be given on this aspect in Skill development?
These five High Courts i.e. the High Courts of Bombay, Delhi, Calcutta, Madras and of Himachal Pradesh, exercise ordinary original civil jurisdiction in regard to territories of cities of Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai and the territory of the State of Himachal Pradesh respectively.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the creation of one post of Director in the basic pay of Rs. 2,25,000/- (fixed) plus NPA but not exceeding Rs.2,37,500/- each for new AIIMS at Rae Bareli (Uttar Pradesh), Gorakhpur (Uttar Pradesh), Bathinda (Punjab), Guwahati (Assam), Bilaspur (Himachal Pradesh) and Deoghar (Jharkhand).
Else, I am pretty sure your audience would be asking you for their money back.
Background:
He will lay the foundation stone for the four laning of the Falakata – Salsalabari section of NH -31 D there.
NEXT would also serveas the screening test for doctors with foreign medical qualifications in order to practice in India.
Undoubtedly, she did so.
The identification of eligible BPL families will be made in consultation with the State Governments and the Union Territories.
For procurement of these agri-commodities during 2010-14, Government Guarantee of Rs. 2500 crore was provided with expenditure of only Rs. 300 crore; while during 2014-18, Guarantee amount has been increased to Rs. 29,000 crore with expenditure of Rs. 1,000 crore.
I welcome South Africa’s chairmanship of the organization for 2017-19.
Ever since, I had always thought of improving their situation and providing healthy kitchens to the mothers and sisters of India.
Personally, I have learnt so much from Advani ji.
It may protect the interest of vulnerable children in times of distress and ensures their safety and dignity.
In 1947, when Pakistani attackers resorted to an unprecedented attack, it was indeed our Air Force which ensured that Indian Soldiers and armaments reached the battlefield promptly.
He said the development projects unveiled today would further help in this regard.
I was reading an old interview with the celebrated Army officer samManekshaw.
My experience regarding youth is different.
I also want to congratulate the people of the country that on 22nd June, our scientists at ISRO launched 20 satellites simultaneously into space, and in the process set a new record, breaking their own previous records.
The need of the hour is for us to deepen our security cooperation.
Thus, the future surely seems bright for us.
Our Coast Guard women officers are pilots, work as Observers, and not just that, they command Hovercrafts as well.
This time, after watching the Republic Day Parade, many people wrote on Twitter and other social media that a major highlight of the parade was the BSF biker contingent comprising women participants.
President Kovind and Prime Minister Modi congratulated Viet Nam on its important achievements in socio-economic development and foreign policy; and expressed their confidence that Viet Nam would soon achieve the goal of becoming an industrialised country, with a prominent role and status in the region and the world.
Here in Singapore you have even started a full competition in traditional Indian games.
Speaking about demonetisation, PM Modi said that the Government has been successful in weakening the hands of terrorists and those in fake currency rackets.
(27). Eradication of manual scavenging activity through strict enforcement of the Prohibition of Employment as Manual Scavengers and Their Rehabilitation Act, 2013.
Enhancing connectivity, trade, investments, energy partnership, culture and people to people contacts would be our priority.
I would like to re-iterate to my countrymen, and specially to my young friends that we are alive & aware beings.
The NCTE Act, 1993 came into force on 1st July, 1995 and is applicable throughout the country, except the State of Jammu and Kashmir.
I have had the opportunity of interacting with Karunanidhi Ji on several occasions.
It is difficult to bring that inner peace within you just by someone merely asking you to do so, but one should try.
Foundation Stone of Jhansi City Drinking Water Scheme Phase-II under AMRUT will also be laid by the PM.
Further, this was largely achieved without conflict, he said.
India is today one of the fastest growing economies of the world.
The Prime Minister addressed the business community of the City of London, at Guildhall.
A bond of kinship and when you will be meeting from the cadets from other states then you would be surprised to know about their uniqueness and their diversity.
We plan to start 150 thousand such Health & Wellness Centres by 2022.
PM also declared 100% electrification of households in the Jammu and Kashmir under SAUBHAGYA Scheme.
65% of Indians are under the age of 35.
Centre assures all possible support to the Government of Maharashtra in mitigating the situation due to heavy rains in parts of the state.
The Amendments are based on the recommendations of the Department-related Parliamentary Standing Committee.
I am happy that you have chosen the International Day of Yoga, for the inauguration of this Nature Cure Centre.
Friends from the Media, I thank Prime Minister Netanyahu and Mrs. Sara Netanyahu for opening their home to me today.
He said the key decision making team of the Government has listened carefully to the presentations, and will surely benefit in their policy-making, from the 360 degree view of issues that have been presented.
I congratulate Bilal Dar.
He will also lay foundation stone for permanent building at KendriyaVidhyalaya, Sonepur.
The Indian youth all over the country has talent, all they need is opportunities.
This time, not one but Ten chief guests would grace the Republic Day.
Globally, there is much talk of carbon taxes.
World Bank, IMF and other institutions have projected even better growth in the coming days.
(d) Building and developing staff capability
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness over the loss of lives at the Kumbh, due to heavy rains.
Asian Families tend naturally to save more than people in other parts of the world.
Policy opens a big window for private investments: PPP component must for getting Central assistance
The Prime Minister will visit the Yaad-e-Jallian Museum, (museum on Jallianwala Bagh and World War I).
Malaysian Prime Minister’s State visit to India in 2017 has made a long-lasting impact on the bilateral relations.
HMT Watches Ltd. which was pioneer in manufacturing watches for the common Indian citizen and was once known as Time keepers of India, had to close its operations due to mounting losses with no scope for revival in the current competitive economic scenario.
Quite a change is being felt in the weather.
The Prime Minister noted that Vajpayee ji spent most of his political life at a time when there was virtually no alternative to the dominant political ideology.
The ICAI is a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament of India namely The Chartered Accountants Act, 1949 to regulate the profession of Chartered Accountancy in India.
And look at how this message of oneness further manifests itself:
These efforts will infuse competition, bring private investment and improve quality of higher education institutions.
A meeting of the Board of Trusties of Somnath Trust was held at the Prime Minister’s residence in Delhi, today.
A total of 18 Transport Ministers from different political parties participated in these meetings and they have submitted three interim reports.
The members said that the historic step would help in strengthening the OBC community.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is using technology to improve ease of living, and greater ease of access to citizen-centric services.
I was surprised to see that in the marriage festivities, instead of members of the wedding party, saplings were more visible!
To tap their energy fully, we have also launched the Start up India Campaign.
Over the next few days, we will decide the fate of this planet.
In fisheries, India has emerged second largest country of the world.
I urge people to give priority to sports and fitness related activities, which will contribute towards a healthier India.
He said the Indian economy is growing rapidly, and the country is setting new benchmarks in innovation.
It is the only guarantor of durability of solutions.
We also connect aspirations with achievements, optimism with opportunities and hope with happiness.
The Prime Minister said that today in India, a teacher who might have inspired hundreds of young children to become responsible members of society, often remains unnoticed and unheard, while even a relatively junior political functionary is feted.
In a land-mark year of India’s relationship with ASEAN.
But, I am thankful to him for having seen the campaign in this way.
Among the projects inaugurated are the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Puraani Kashi; and an Atal Incubation Centre at BHU.
People like it.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met the Premier of the People’s Republic of China, Mr. Li Keqiang, on the sidelines of the ASEAN Summit in Kuala Lumpur.
The retrospective recognition is being given as a onetime measure so as to ensure that the future of the students passed out/enrolled in these institutions are not jeopardized.
Humour brings out human creativity.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to notify inclusion/Amendments in the Central List of Other Backward Classes notified in respect of States of Assam, Bihar, Himachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir and Uttarakhand.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to Dr. Syama Prasad Mookerjee on his Punya Tithi.
Kazakhstan has also joined this arrangement subsequently.
For this outstanding work, United Nations Environment Programme or UNEP awarded ‘Champion of the Earth’ Award to Sh.
I will exchange views with US think-tanks and attend a ceremony marking the return of Indian antiques.
The scheme will be available to nearly 10 crore poor and lower middle class families of the country.
Hindi rendering of PM’s message to the people of Gujarat
• We have modified the Permanent Establishment norms;
Memorandum of Intent between Invest India and Invest in Israel
And these suggestions have helped me to enrich my interaction with you today.
He was a prolific writer, authoring several books in Hindi and English.
It requires whole-hearted support from each of us.
My dear brothers & sisters, we celebrated ‘Infantry Day’ yesterday.
Similarly, he said, the number of approved hotels in India in 2013, was about 1200, which has now risen to 1800.
They welcomed the contribution of the International Resource Panel, the Indian Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change (through the Indian Resource Panel) and of the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI Aayog) to developing strategies for this crucial economic transition.
Who is every deal maker close to?
Talking about technology, Prime Minister said that technology has brought about ease of living and Government’s efforts are to ensure that the advantages of technology was available to all sections of the society.
It will also provide indirect employment/ entrepreneurial opportunities in the field of transportation, tourism and other small scale businesses.
In particular, President Solih highlighted the pressing need for increased housing and infrastructure development as well as for establishing water and sewerage systems in the outlying islands.
We have agreed to nurture people-to-people pillar of our cooperation as a continuing effort.
Utilization of these amounts will facilitate timely execution of appropriate measures to mitigate impact of diversion of forest land, for which these amounts have been realised.
The population of Noida as per 2011 Census of India is about 6.42 lakhs.
Do Shramdan, Donate through labor.
I am happy to be part of this new beginning for Smart Governance in the North East.
Have you ever thought what changes would come in the lives of those kids who live in abject poverty when get the opportunity to play with you.
44. The Sides noted that Military and Military-Technical cooperation between the two countries is an important pillar of their strategic partnership.
· BRICS Meeting on Health on the margins of World Health Assembly – May (Geneva, Switzerland)
He urged the States to come up with strategies, time bound action plans and roadmap, and a monitoring mechanism to follow up on this goal.
Some people say that the younger generation wants to accomplish a many things at a time.
It aims to provide a totally new travel experience to passengers.
Cleaner energy and greener development.
This is good news for democracy.
This is the timeless ethos of our culture; this is the basis of our constitution; and, this will be the foundation of our future.”
Several insurance companies, including American companies, have already enhanced their investment in the insurance sector.
To promote skill training including Japanese language for caregivers from North East who visit Japan for training under TITP (Technical Intern Training Program) ,which contributes to enhancing cooperation between the two countries under the Asia Health and Wellbeing Initiative.
§ NMCG will, however, take action only in the event when required action is not taken by CPCB.
He said that the National Cadet Corps is not about uniform or uniformity, it is about unity.
He will unveil also a plaque to mark the commencement of phase-2 of BharatNet.
We need greater international cooperation for return of illicit money to the country of origin.
Explaining the rationale behind the advancement of the budget date, the Prime Minister said this would ensure better utilization of funds.
Criticism makes democracy strong.
The 75th year of Quit India and 70th year of Independence can be source of new inspiration, source of new enthusiasm and an occasion to take a pledge to do something for our nation.
Three years ago you vested the responsibility of ‘Pradhan Sewak’- the Chief Servant of the People upon me.
When targets are vague, when the spirit is not strong, then important decisions in our social life also get held up for years.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of solar energy related projects, especially with regard to railway stations and airports.
And as I said, as an ordinary citizen, I too get affected emotionally.
The Prime Minister appealed to citizens to help and enroll in PM-SYM, those working in the unorganized sector, whether it is in one’s house or in the neighborhood.
They welcomed annual Russian Festivals in India and Indian Festivals in Russia and highly appreciated the ongoing youth exchange programme, exchange of writers and reciprocal support of the National Film Festivals.
The great scientist Albert Einstein said, “It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.”
Then only can we get rid of the menace.
Gas connections in their 55 years was 12 crore, it is 13 crore in 55 months.
We have also come up with the mechanism of Tax Free Infrastructure Bonds for projects in rail, road and irrigation sectors.
Life truly means what is the knowledge that you have acquired!
And, as a friend, what you want to achieve for your people would also be the focus of our efforts.
The function was organised at Bhuj, Gujarat.
Noting that Bapu was concerned about the environment, the Prime Minister said that inspired by Gandhi Ji, we have to work for a cleaner and greener tomorrow.
We both became free within a decade of each other.
I have found that it brings about a transformation in the life of the have-nots.
His life was devoted to serving the nation and the poor.
Public cleanliness must be insisted upon not just in our homes but in our villages, towns, cities, states and in our entire country – Cleanliness has to be inextricably linked to our festivals.
This will enable efficient access of finance and introduce latest technology in port operation.
In some villages people organised food donation on this occasion.
You will be surprised.
The CEOs present included Rupert Murdoch, Executive Chairman, News Corp and 21stCentury Fox; James Murdoch, CEO, 21st Century Fox; Robert Thompson, CEO, News Corp; Uday Shankar, CEO, Star India; David Zaslav, President and CEO, Discovery Communications; Michael Lynton, CEO, Sony Entertainment; Michael Roth, CEO, Interpublic Group of Companies; Shane Smith, CEO, Vice Media; Martin Sorrell, CEO, WPP; Jeff Bewkes, CEO, Time Warner; Nancy Dubuc, CEO, A&E Networks, Anthony Pratt, Chairman, Visy Industries; William Duhamel, Route One Investment Company; and Jeff Ubben, CEO, ValueAct Capital.
Their language may have been different but their longing for the divine is always the same.
We are proud of jewish sons and daughters of India like Lt. General J.F.R. Jacob, Vice Admiral Benjamin Samson, Master architect Joshua Benjamin, and film actors Nadira, Sulochana, and Pramila whose diverse contributions have greatly enriched the fabric of Indian society.
The Mission also has an Innovation budget towards facilitating research, development and capacity building.
Everyone wanted me to speak in more detail about the 500 & 1000 rupee notes.
Last year, we assisted more than 8000 Indian workers to return home safely.
• The Bill defines “Deposit Taker” and “Deposit” comprehensively.
And lakhs of such saplings were distributed to the devotees traveling on foot to Ambaji temple that year.
It is likely to increase the comfort level and boost the confidence of investors by assuring a level playing field and non-discrimination in all investment facilitation matters, thus providing conducive investment climate to investors.
He urged the Indian scientists who are part of the LIGO project to interact with Indian students and visit Indian universities, as much as possible.
He called upon all present, to work towards 100 percent sanitation coverage by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The MoU is expected to contribute towards strengthening the information sharing framework between SEBI and SEO, Iran.
He said Surendranagar district tends to benefit a lot from the waters of the Narmada.
a) To allow Telecommunications Consultants India Limited (TCIL) to fill up such number of posts by deputation of Group ‘A’ officers of the Department of Telecommunications(DoT) and other Ministries, with Telecommunication and Information Technology background, for the intervening period i.e. from 01.10.2016 till the approval of this proposal (earlier Cabinet approval was valid up to 30.09.2016) and for a further period of three years from the date of approval, as per DPE guidelines subject to maximum of 10% of the total number .of below Board level posts, in Telecommunications Consultants India Limited (TCIL) with exemption from the rule of immediate absorption and
Sushma Swaraj, External Affairs Minister
We are all familiar with famous football players such as Eugeneson Lyngdoh, Aibor Khongjee, and Marlangki Suting.
From time to time, based on currency needs, the Reserve Bank with the approval of the Central Government brings out new notes of higher value.
Indian scientific and academic community will benefit from this MoU as it is an enabling mechanism to jointly work on scientific challenges in the field of earth system modelling and weather and climate prediction.
The Prime Minister said that India is the fastest growing economy in the world today, and with a stable polity, offers ample scope for investment.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the Production Linked Bonus for Railway Employees.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been lowered, capping on insurance removed, and claims amounts disbursed to farmers have gone up.
He made our Parliamentary democracy richer and was a strong voice for the well-being of the poor and vulnerable.
We have around 30 platforms for cooperation, including an annual Leaders’ Summit and seven Ministerial Dialogues.
And, they hold the secrets to economic, efficient, and, environment friendly solutions to many of our problems.
Bhagini Nivedita ji also helped the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
I assure you and the people of Bangladesh of our commitment and continuing efforts.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his twenty-third interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
The two Prime Ministers endorsed a “Vision Statement” setting out the fundamental principles on which the UK-India partnership is built, and outlining a roadmap for deepening co-operation.
Lal Bahadur Shashtri Ji showed that even amidst the deafening sounds of gunfire and bombardment, there existed an alternative way for every citizen for expressing patriotism.
With only two point four percent of the world’s land area, India harbors 7-8 percent of the recorded species diversity, while supporting nearly eighteen percent of human population.
How to solve the traffic problems, how to develop a system for payment of taxes?
The team from All India Radio prepares each episode for broadcast in a number of regional languages.
He was accompanied by a nine-member delegation.
About half of India’s GDP comes from over forty crore workers in the unorganised sector, mostly working as street vendors, rickshaw pullers, construction workers, rag pickers, agricultural workers, beedi workers, handloom, leather and numerous other similar occupations.
Infact, Yoga Day has become one of the biggest mass movements in the quest for good health and well-being.
We have enacted the Real Estate Regulatory Act for the protection of home buyers.
India and Saudi Arabia have enjoyed a strong diplomatic and long economic relationship.
He said a human touch is essential for developing team spirit, which can deliver better collective results.
“A warm welcome to French President François Hollande.
In this context, he gave examples such as rural roads construction, renewable energy generation capacity, laying of transmission lines, and cooking gas connections.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed condolences on the passing away of Shri Ladu Kishore Swain.
He said,”Today, we have inaugurated a project of 30000 homes meant for the family of poor, labourers.
The rich traditions nurtured by our democracy for last six decades have been the biggest strength of unity and integrity of our country.
What goals is the gems and jewellery industry setting for itself by that date?
We have focused on creating durable assets that benefit the population, rather than the touts.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the progress under National Health Mission (NHM).
The scope of BUR is to provide an update to India’s first BUR to UNFCCC.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, visited Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh.
This is the final resting place for forty-four of the Indian soldiers who sacrificed their lives during World War 1 to liberate that city.
Let me turn to the second aspect — improving opportunities.
By strengthening the Public Distribution System through technology, it is also being ensured that the poor, who have the right to affordable food grains, get their due.
I believe this policy-transformation is a Paradigm-shift in nation’s economy.
(i) MOU on Joint Research between Japan International Research Center for Agricultural Sciences (JIRCAS) and Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) was signed on 9 February 2018
We observe diversity in every walk of life.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condemned the attack in Manchester, United Kingdom.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate two–day Uttar Pradesh Investors’ Summit 2018 in Lucknow tomorrow.
The Prime Minister appreciated this gesture of French President.
Swachhata needs a revolution of ideas as well; and competition gives a platform of ideas to the concept of Swachhata, he said.
My countrymen, I am agitated so that a poor person can get an appropriate health cover.
From giving interpretations of the Ram Charit Manas in the present day context, he is now involved with trying to spread its values in the country and to the whole world.
Next, our scientists will link our laboratories in cities.
Mentioning the target of New India by 2022, the Prime Minister emphasized that this can be achieved only by making it a people’s movement.
And, the world is embracing traditional Indian medicine with great enthusiasm.
BRICS Institute for Economic Research and Analysis 6.
a) Physical infrastructure relating to water supply, power, connectivity and specially the projects promoting tourism;
People of Haryana have given their lives for the nation by serving in the Armed Forces, the Prime Minister said.
I see huge potential for our cooperation in this area.
The Nation will celebrate the birth anniversary of the first Deputy Prime Minister of India, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel as Rashtriya Ekta Diwas or the National Unity Day tomorrow.
My young friends, you know very well that I regularly do my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
And, who can explain this in a better way than Mahatma Gandhi?
That is why the threads of freedom and liberty form a strong bond between our two democracies.
We have witnessed exponential growth in the number of start-ups in the recent past.
India offers a lot of potential for the Korean Investors with its huge market and enabling policy environment.
There is more investment from India in UK than in rest of European Union combined.
Neem Coating किया।
Arun ji has acknowledged the contribution of all of them who walked the talk along with the government.
This will be with the condition that the corpus for payment of PRP should be treated as a yearly corpus with no provision for carrying it forward to subsequent years.
He did not believe in any kind of discrimination.
(f) Public Grievance Redress Mechanism
The Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation has created a section on MyGov.in where after constructing a toilet you can register your name and the name of the beneficiary family, who you helped.
“TeCHO” in Gujarati means “support”; therefore, “ImTeCHO” means “I am support.”
I was surprised to see that some projects are 20 to 30 years old and are hugely delayed.
Crores of rupees were spent on it but we did not know if it reached the right people or not, if this subsidy reached people on time or not?
It has reached 98% today.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Myanmar in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine.
Ijyo De Gozaimas (That’s all for now)
The above cost estimate does not include recurring costs (wages & salaries and operation & maintenance expenses).
MoU/Agreement
o A state should cooperate, in a manner consistent with its domestic law and international obligations, with requests for assistance from other States in investigating cyber crimes, collecting electronic evidence and mitigating malicious cyber activity emanating from its territory.
It has achieved nearly 100 percent literacy.
When I look at Sri Lanka, I see not only a neighbour, I see a very special and trusted partner of India in South Asia and in the Indian Ocean family.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will be visiting Ireland and United States of America (USA) from September 23, 2015 to September 29, 2015.
It requires a concerted effort.
Besides, several other pro-farmers’ initiatives such as implementation of Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, Pradhan Mantri KrishiSinchai Yojana, ParamparagatKrishi Vikas Yojana and distribution of Soil Health Cards have been undertaken.
Our Swachh Bharat Mission to improve sanitation and cleanliness, and the rural and urban housing missions underline our commitment towards dignity of life.
The developmental efforts have resulted in area expansion under oil palm from 8585 hectare in-1991-92 to around 3 lakh hectare by the end of 2015-16.
A provision of funds worth Rs. 1103 crore has been approved for the project and the said AIIMS will be set up under the Pradhan MantriSwasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).
We will all do our part for it.
That was a gift from the divine to him, which he used only to promote public interest.
This will give them more say in collective decisions in the IMF.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy on cooperation in the field of Health and Medical Sciences.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that on one hand he is happy to see India’s rise in the 21st century, as a nation full of youthful energy, with youthful dreams and youthful resolve.
I am happy to be with you on my first visit to Kenya as Prime Minister.
Guru Nanak Dev ji is not only the first guru of Sikhs; he’s guru to the entire world.
He said we have to strive hard to ensure that these citizens of our country lead a life with dignity that Mahatma Gandhi dreamt of.
The primary goal of joining AMF TCP by Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas (MoP&NG) is to facilitate the market introduction of Advanced motor fuels/ Alternate fuels with an aim to bring down emissions and achieve higher fuel efficiency in transport sector.
Similarly, sanctions have been given to build more than one crore houses in the rural areas compared to 25 lakh sanctions by the previous government in its last 4 years.
When I visited China, a state-to-state summit was also held.
The long-closed Dabhol power plant is operational again thanks to our coordinated efforts, and is generating power, saving jobs and avoiding bad debts for the banks.
It reflects our inclusive traditions.
The MoU would lead to set up a Joint Working Group, drawing members from Department of Space/ Indian Space Research Organisation (DOS/ISRO), and the Netherlands Space Office (NSO), which will further work out the plan of action including the time-frame and the means of implementing this MoU.
The success of the IITs led to the creation of several engineering colleges around the country.
Indian youth should be able to compete with their counterparts in any corner of the world.
This will not only improve local IT infrastructure, it will enable us to fulfill our commitment to provide tele-medicine and tele-education to the people.
In the absence of permanent institutional mechanism more than Rs.40,000 crores have accumulated with the said ad-hoc Body.
The Union Government had decided to celebrate 7th March 2019 as ‘Jan Aushadhi Diwas’ across India, for creating awareness and providing impetus onthe use of generic medicines.
The North-East is an environmentally sensitive region.
This could be achieved through bio-fuels electric or solar charging.
And, it will also mean a world more confident of its prosperity; and, more secure about its future.
We will make our trade more balance.
I am delighted to welcome you all to the ASEAN India Commemorative Summit.
The Prime Minister distributed e-tablets to health workers to mark the launch of ImTeCHO – an innovative mobile phone application to improve performance of ASHAs.
Kashipur (Uttarakhand) under possession of Nepa Limited, Nepanagar to Government of Uttarkhand.
King Amanullah had strong ties with India, and moved here briefly in 1929.
Our system of Governance is also based largely on the Westminster model.
He said vested interests have exploited youngsters and are playing with their future.
Three braveheart women Bhavna Kanth, Mohana Singh and Avani Chaturvedi have become fighter pilots and are undergoing training on the Sukhoi- 30.
43. Welcomed the post-2015 Development Agenda adopted by the United Nations with eradication of poverty by 2030 as its core objective.
The National Foundation for Corporate Social Responsibility (NFCSR) at IICA is responsible for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives.
By Demand, I mean a big and growing market for goods and services.
PM will also receive the country’s first container consignment (post independence) to be sent on an inland waterways vessel.
Interacting with the beneficiaries, Prime Minister said that Digital India was launched to ensure that people from all walks of life, especially those from rural areas, are digitally empowered.
Memorandum of Understanding on Cultural Cooperation
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
Brothers and sisters, now it’s not a big deal for science to provide drip irrigation facility to every field, to provide sprinklers for irrigation to produce more crop by using less water.
The capacities of this satellite and the facilities it provides will go a long way in addressing South Asia’s economic and developmental priorities.
With their triumph, not only did they do the Nation proud, they pleasantly surprised many people through their capabilities and prowess.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre at 15 Janpath, Delhi tomorrow.
Vagaries of the sea makes harnessing ocean energy a technological challenge.
He was also my Education Advisor, when I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat.
Over the last three years, the Union Government has done a lot on these fronts.
He said Amul is not only about milk processing, but an excellent model of empowerment.
When we formed government, only 56% of rural habitations were connected by a road.
So make a good habit in this good season.
What happened was that whatever was inside, came out immediately and the reason was that you were now relaxed.
The Sagarmala project is also a part of our vision.
This is for guiding the Indian Investors to invest here.
(29). Assign one day each month and one week each year (culminating with 2nd October) for the activities of the SBA and to reward best performing Gram Panchayat, Block, ULB, District and State as per the ratings.
PM will then proceed to Hubli in Karnataka.
In this context, he mentioned the recent Union Budget, and said it would have a far-reaching impact on these sectors.
He described GST is an example of Cooperative Federalism.
The Prime Minister will unveil a Road Map for overall development of tribals during the next five years, on this occasion.
Someone gave me a suggestion.
He called for expeditious completion of vital links which will connect the remaining unconnected habitations at the earliest.
India is home to many women saints, who led the movements for social reform be it in the north, south, east or west.
Background The Exim Bank of India and seven Iranian Banks led by Central Bank of Iran had negotiated a framework agreement in November, 2014 for financing the purchase of goods and services from India by Iranian entities to the tune of Rs.900 crore under EDF.
We also enjoy a truly strategic partnership with Japan whose contours now stretch to all fields of economic activity.
This is needed most in countries where it is most prevalent.
Can India become a “Start-up Capital’?
Rising tide of terrorism, especially cross-border terrorism, and the rise of radicalization are grave challenges to our security.
He told me that the whole family is surprised at this amazing talent the girl has.
I want to touch the hearts of the honest taxpayers.
The Prime Minister said that to address the shortage of doctors, the number of seats in medical colleges is being substantially enhanced.
There is boldness and speed in decisions.
We also have the strength of the partnership between India and the United States.
As some of you may have heard, I have a special association with tea.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of “Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC)” between India and Japan on the “Technical Intern Training Program (TITP)”.
It stems from our belief in VasudhaivaKutumbakam – the world is one– and from the conviction that in sharing what we have, we enrich each other and make this world a better place.
I would also like to emphasise that regional co-operation is essential for combating wildlife crime.
“I will visit Japan on 28-29 October 2018 for the Annual Summit.
Agriculture and Dairy production US $ 64 million.
Our culture, our traditions have never taught us to be at loggerheads with nature.
This year, India’s jump in ranking is the highest.
The MoU also provides for setting up of a Joint Working Group(JWG) consisting of equal members from both the sides to monitor the activities to be carried out in fulfilment of the MoU.
This Digital India is not a city specific work.
Prime Minister will also pay a visit to the New Civil Hospital and cut the ribbon to mark the inauguration of the 1200 bed New Civil hospital.
“Ujjwala Yojana continues to expand its reach!
Our aspirations for the Palestinian youth are the same which we have for Indian youths and which offers opportunities for progress, prosperity and self-reliance.
We have been on the road together in the past few weeks – for the G20 and the ASEAN and East Asia Summits.
We are proud of our country’s youth.
A total of 38 helicopters have been deployed for rescue and relief measures.
A periodical report is required to be submitted to the Cabinet on the progress made by the Special Committee for Interlinking of Rivers.
He said that for this, improvement is necessary in every sector of the economy.
And it is a measure of our shared ambition and commitment that six short months after that visit; your extraordinary visit is taking place to India.
In this very Kranti Mandir, a visual arts museum has been established.
It must have a balance among trade, investment and services.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Meghalaya, Manipur and Tripura on their Statehood Day.
Details and progress of schemes already running:
We must leverage the full potential for vehicle pooling and other innovative technical solutions to improve private vehicle utilization.
37. The Sides welcomed the ongoing cooperation between the Russian and Indian energy companies, including investments of Indian consortium in Vankorneft and Taas-YuryakhNeftegazodobycha in Russia and the participation of the PJSC Rosneft oil company in the Essar Oil capital.
And the life span of a bouquet is very short.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that this launch has been done with a vision to provide the poorest of the poor, and the underprivileged sections of society, with better healthcare and treatment.
• Additionally, the Central Government may, by notification, vary turnover limits, which shall not exceed thrice the limits specified in Section 7 of the MSMED Act.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Shri Hamid Ansari.
As a part of his vision of Swachh Bharat and Swastha Bharat, the Prime Minister dedicated to the nation Underground Sewerage System, and three Sewage Treatment Plants in Solapur.
On the blessed day of Vesak, let us light the lamps of knowledge to move out of darkness; let us look more within; and let us uphold nothing else but the truth.
He said this move, which will transform tourism is a continuing effort.
We welcome internationally recognized institutions in this effort.
Wishing all my Sindhi friends on the auspicious occasion of Cheti Chand.
In pursuance of this goal, the Government has envisaged a substantial role for Public Private Partnerships (PPPs) as a means for harnessing private sector investment and operational efficiencies in the provision of public utilities and services.
It also requires regular clarifications and frequent amendments in the existing regulations governing financial activities in IFSCs.
The salient features of the scheme are as follows:
He described his visit to Varanasi as unforgettable.
The speed of the work done and for whom the work was done, you decide for yourself.” he said.
He will address a public meeting.
Excellencies, our research and innovation efforts must cover a range of common challenges – massive urbanization and mega cities; skills for the future; food security; water; and, affordable healthcare.
Friends, consumer protection has been an integral part of governance for ages in India.
· 2nd BRICS STI Working Group Meeting on Biomed and Biotechnology (Cape Town)
We shall prepare a roadmap on how we can do better.
Promotion of Friendly exchanges and people to people contacts
The length of Danapur to Mithapur corridor is 16.94 km, which is mostly underground (11.20 km) and partly elevated (5.48 km) and comprises of 11 Stations (3-Elevated and 8-Underground).
The Prime Minister said that the entire region of Eastern Uttar Pradesh is undergoing rapid transformation.
According to information with the Government, there are only 24 lakh people in India who accept that their annual income is more than 10 lakh rupees.
Rape is painful, and we, the countrymen, the people should feel many times more pain than the pain borne by the victim.
Credible and capable bankers have been appointed to head banks.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the nomination of workers’ representatives in tripartite bodies by the government will become more transparent.
Let me begin by expressing my deepest condolences on the loss of lives in the terrorist attack on a civilian Russian aircraft and in the unfortunate downing of the military jet in Syria.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that his visit to Malaysia has been marked by a number of historic events, and the joint inauguration of the Torana Gate is one of them.
He said that whenever an Indian sportsperson wins on the global sporting stage, it is the Indian flag that rises.
The Prime Minister also said that Yoga can help in improving concentration.
He said the road connecting Babatpur Airport with Varanasi was becoming an attraction for tourists, besides facilitating travel.
Subsequently, Finance Minister in the Budget Speech 2017-18 had announced that the draft bill to curtail the menace of illicit deposit schemes had been placed in the public domain and would be introduced shortly after its finalization.
Then I realize that if I relax a bit, I will feel better.
He said: “Kalati Kramat Kal Avam Falam Pivati”, it means the time itself undermines the value of the success of something if it was not done in the right time.
And I had requested the affluent to surrender their gas subsidy.
These niche petro-chemicals will find use in paints, inks, coating, detergent, and in many other articles.
I have got several opportunities to come to Udupi.
Our mission of Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas is an extension of this philosophy.
ii. Transfer of Bangalore (Global Warehouse) land of HMT Ltd. measuring one acre to Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) on payment of Rs.34.30 crore and applicable taxes and duties.
Yogiji had a short life span, may be it had some spiritual significance.
But Atal ji did not lose hope and remained committed to serving the people.
We agreed that the world must come together to fight this menace without distinction or discrimination.We will continue to work with Brazil as an important partner in early adoption of the Comprehensive Convention Against International Terrorism (CCIT) at the United Nations.
No additional funds are required as to be expended on account of declaration of Scheduled Areas.
b) Surrender of 5.23 acres of Naval land at Kakinada to the State Government of Andhra Pradesh.
The Prime Minister appreciated the wisdom of successive Druk Gyalpos of Bhutan in successfully guiding Bhutan to democracy.
The business community, our traders can well comprehend how momentous this decision is.
Later, the PM would flag off ‘Kalam Sandesh Vahini’, an exhibition bus which would travel across various States of the country and reach Rashtrapati Bhavan on October 15th which marks the birth anniversary of the former President.
The Conference is being inaugurated by Hon’ble Prime Minister at 10.30 AM which will be followed by breakout sessions covering eight thematic areas namely:
The urban centres of the North East, with their pool of skilled human resource, have the potential to emerge as growth hubs for the entire region.
It is an ocean of many economic opportunities.
The Prime Minister has directed the team to make an assessment of the nature of relief and compensation package, after holding discussions with the State and District officials and to submit a report.
In a series of tweets the PM wished that may the year bring peace, joy and prosperity to everyone.
This has approached 10 billion dollars, creating over 20,000 jobs locally.
Obviously, India presents a large and growing market.
3. Short term training of human resources in health;
This is the change.
Under the Direct Benefit Scheme, by transferring the money directly into the beneficiaries’ bank accounts the government has prevented leakage of more than Rs. 57 thousand crores.
“Historic detection of gravitational waves opens up new frontier for understanding of universe!
He explained Essel Group’s recent social initiatives on themes such as water supply, power supply, Swachh Bharat and Affordable Housing.
But, since our interests and concerns converge, the autonomy in decision making and diversity in our perspectives can only add value to our partnership.
Now on, kindly make it a point to notice that whenever you come in contact with a natural condition , a new spirit emerges from within you.
“Launch of India’s first indigenous space shuttle RLV-TD is the result of the industrious efforts of our scientists.
These projects will further strengthen the roadway and railway infrastructure in the state.
He added that it would have been even better if two more decisions, which could have benefited the States immensely, had been taken in the presence of these members.
Driving despite disqualification
This Agreement shall enter into force on the date of its signing and shall remain in force for a period of five (5) years, being automatically extended for subsequent periods of five (5) years.
In a series of Tweets, he has shared his thoughts with the people on this occasion.
There is a lot of talk about duties during elections, but why not discuss our duties in general life too.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress made towards rollout of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana, under Ayushman Bharat.
He will also dedicate the four laning and strengthening of carriageway of Avinashi-Tirupur- Avinashipalayam section of NH-381 to the nation.
The path breaking GST reform has been introduced successfully and smoothly.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condoled the passing away of veteran actor, Shri Saeed Jaffrey.
Structured cooperation between the key institutions handling capacity building in India and USA is considered to be important.
Gifting of 100,000 NCERT books for school going children of Uganda.
We are also two innovation societies.
We are working day and night to ensure Good Governance which includes easy, effective and transparent Governance.
The MoU was signed during the 10th BRICS Summit in July, 2018 in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Strategic
We both want deeper economic engagement.
Honourable Heads of State and Government,
Accordingly, a total of 28 changes recommended by NCBC in respect of 8 states including Jammu and Kashmir (15 new entries, 09 synonyms/sub-castes and 04 corrections) have been notified.
And therefore, Swachh Bharat Mission – the quest for clean India – is linked to faith and spirituality in the country.
We must speak unanimously about providing more representation to the developing countries in United Nations, its Security Council and other multilateral institutions.
An Interim Council will be constituted within 6 months of passing of the Act holding charge for a period of two years until the establishment of the Central Council.
Today is also the birthday of Bharat Ratna and former Prime Minister Venerable Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ji.
It seeks to promote quality of care, focus is on emerging diseases and investment in promotive and preventive healthcare.
PM will lay the foundation stone of Indian Institute of Technology –Dharwad and Indian Institute of Information Technology –Dharwad.
The whole country watched it with abated breath.
Our people hold natural affinity and warmth for each other.
Friends, India is one of the first few countries to legislate Consumer Protection Act in 1986, just one year after adoption of UN Guidelines.
Our country is primarily agrarian.
We also look forward to goodwill visits by Indian Navy to Pacific Islands.
Many of them are shown wearing jewellery.
India and Croatia had earlier signed an Agreement on trade and economic cooperation in September, 1994 with an aim to promote and develop bilateral trade and economic relations.
Budget under MNREGA is also utilized for this water conservation activity.
• Implementation of this scheme would bolster the Government’s ability to address challenges faced in different theatres such as areas affected by LWE, Jammu and Kashmir and North East effectively and undertake development interventions which will catalyze in improving the quality of life in these areas and help combat these challenges effectively at the same time.
However, this is just the beginning.
Toilets have been constructed across India at a record pace:
Prime Minister mentioned that India attached high priority to its relations with Canada.
Project will be covered under the legal framework of the Metro Railways (Construction of Works) Act, 1978; the Metro Railways (Operation and Maintenance) Act, 2002; and the Railways Act, 1989, as amended from time to time.
He sought to know what changes have been made in procedures, and what action has been taken against officers responsible for lapses.
His pure thoughts and ideals have a profound impact on society.
Most of them never get any bank credit.
Insurance coverage upto 5 lakh rupees per family, per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalization will be provided under this mission.
In some parts of the country, there have been repetitive floods.
Therefore this government is trying to develop those places that are associated with the life of Babasaheb as pilgrimage centres.
The outlay of Rs 360 crore has been proposed to support 3-4 new MLFACs, for the three years.
Of the total estimated cost, Rs. 826.168 Cr would be provided as Central Assistance (Rs. 205.758 Cr for Sirhind Feeder and Rs. 620.41 Cr for Rajasthan Feeder).
The Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation has organized, the Swachch Sankalp se Swachcha Siddhi Pratiyogita, From the resolve of Cleanliness to attaining Cleanliness Competition comprising an essay competition, a short film making competition and a painting competition.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of key infrastructure projects in the Railway, Road, Power, Telecommunication and Agri-Infrastructure sectors, spread over several states including Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Jharkhand, Odisha, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.
But in meetings I had seen while working out of Gujarat and elsewhere in different states that while inquiring for women members it was man who occupied the scene introducing themselves as SP.
The MoU is expected to forge better understanding about each other’s regulatory requirements and would be beneficial to both the countries.
Existing land and infrastructure at National Academy of Indian Railways (NAIR) at Vadodara, Gujarat will be utilized, and suitably modified and modernized for the purpose of the university.
Ministry of Railways have signed MoUs/ MoCs for technical cooperation in the rail sector with various foreign Governments and National Railways.
Today, most of our infrastructure projects are financed by the Government or through banks.
In short, reform is not an end in itself.
A unique Question and Answer (Q&A) session titled “Face-to-face with Policy-makers” is also being organized wherein Secretaries of Key Government Ministries and Departments will answer questions on how Government will be creating an enabling ecosystem for Start-ups.
• The Bill has adequate provisions for disgorgement or repayment of deposits in cases where such schemes nonetheless manage to raise deposits illegally.
Kazakhstan is currently the largest supplier of uranium to India, and both sides agreed to maintain the partnership.
He unveiled multiple projects in the state.
The youth interacted with the Prime Minister for over half-an-hour on the lawns of Panchvati at 7, Race Course Road.
Lord Buddha’s message is as relevant in the twenty first century as it was two and a half millennia ago.
In a world of rapid changes, India faces familiar threats and new ones.
Can we take up a venture based on these?
Joint scientific conferences and workshops; hold bilateral meetings on the sidelines of major polar forum meetings, where feasible.
Expressing support for this, many people have written to me, sent me letters, shared ‘fitness mantra- Fit India’ stories on social media.
Highlighting the current positive global environment in favour of India, the Prime Minister asked officers to work with clear objectives towards creating a New India by 2022.
Our cooperation will extend to every part of Afghanistan.
Shri Narendra Modi said that India’s objective is to give its youth the capabilities and skills to make this century an Indian century.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of the Ministry of Power for amendments in the Tariff Policy.
He stressed on eliminating wastage in farm produce, and focus on food processing.
However, we also need to encourage pedestrians and cycling by taking steps ensure their safety and priority.
May the coming year fulfil all your wishes and may there be happiness all around.
Earlier in the morning, he attended the morning Yoga session along with the delegates.
• incentivizing States/UTs for meeting the targets
We need to ensure its continuing rigour .
They give our farmers better access to land records, credit, insurance, market and the best price.
They reflect the timeless culture of peace, diversity and equality of faith of our land;
Our youth have benefitted quite a lot from ‘Start-Ups’.
• Crematoria and burial grounds.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Savitribai Phule on her Jayanti.
Those who have struggled and achieved noble objectives, or served society, despite severe obstacles and adversity, are rarely recognized and celebrated, he added.
Chandigarh Housing Board was appointed as Nodal Agency for implementation of the said scheme.
Energy in general and hydrocarbons in particularare an important part of my vision for India’s future.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi yesterday has approved setting up of National Nutrition Mission (NNM) with a three year budget of Rs.9046.17 crore commencing from 2017-18.
Did I mention some studies as well?
India, like South Africa is a young nation.
But a country’s contribution goes beyond economics.
We organized a two day special discussion on the constitution and it was a very good experience.
ESIC, under the Ministry of Labour and Employment, Govt. of India provides social security to the insured persons and their beneficiaries, especially to worker population and their dependents
Recalling that Dr. Kalam wished to be remembered as a teacher, the Prime Minister said that the former President was well-aware of the importance of nurturing future generations.
HCT is dedicated to the delivery of technical and professional programs of the highest quality to the students within context of sincere respect for all beliefs and values and has the vision to be an internationally recognized and accredited provider of technical and professional tertiary education.
Tourism is the hallmark of Kerala’s economic development and a principal contributor to the State’s economy.
Dr. H. Wiranto, Coordinating Minister for Political, Legal and Security Affairs of the Republic of Indonesia, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
As Chair of the BRICS this year, India has embraced a stronger emphasis on promoting people-to-people linkages in diverse fields including trade, sports, education, films, scholarship, and tourism.
Increase in road construction, expanding rail lines, doesn’t it need creation of jobs ?
After forming a prima facie view that there is an element of profiteering, the Standing Committee shall refer the matter for detailed investigation to the Director General of Safeguards, CBEC, which shall report its findings to the NAA.
We will develop joint strategies to harness the potential for mutually beneficial cooperation in the field of deep sea exploration and development of hydrocarbon resources, polymetallic nodules, and other marine resources utilizing strengths in the field of maritime research and training to develop mutually beneficial cooperation.
5. Charged mobility is the way forward.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Uzbekistan for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
Many in India begin their day with a prayer to the Sun.
They also noted the commissioning of INS Kalvari, the first Scorpene submarine made in India by Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Ltd., in collaboration with Naval Group, the French shipbuilder.
This MoU was signed in July, 2015.
These projects are spread over several states including Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Assam, Sikkim, West Bengal, Bihar, Tamil Nadu and Jharkhand.
Fundamental changes in administrative mindsets usually occur through sudden shocks or crisis.
To make India a true investor friendly destination, we have come up with a new Hydrocarbon Exploration and Production Policy.
He asked for a push to be given to “e-assessment” and anonymity of proceedings using technology, so that vested interests do not impede the due course of law.
In response, the Prime Minister said that clarity of thought and conviction are essential.
Government of India is working with the holistic approach of solving any issue rather than in fragments.
Troubled families, harassed students, tense teachers – one sees a very strange psychological atmosphere prevailing in each home!
I would also like to congratulate the Vivekananda Kendra on being conferred the Gandhi Peace Prize a few days ago.
two largest democracies in a special neighbourly embrace.
He mentioned how the Government had brought down the prices of stents, and said that the Government is working constantly to make healthcare affordable for the poor.
Our neighbour which is already isolated by the global community is in a state of illusion, if it thinks that it can demoralize India with its dastardly acts and nefarious designs.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of an Inter-Governmental Agreement between India and Mauritius on cooperation in cooperatives and related fields.
Not just the speed of work, but actual experience of progress
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi received a telephone call from US President, Mr Barack Obama yesterday evening.
He also distributed laptops, certificates and cheques etc. to beneficiaries under various schemes.
The total outlay on these projects is estimated to be over Rs. 15,000 crore.
This effort of his resulted in saving of money as well as of resources.
At the meeting with selected CEOs from Indonesia and India on 13 December 2016, the report from Co-Chairs of the CEOs’ Forum held on 12 December 2016 was delivered to Presiden Joko Widodo.
• Cow is revered as the mother in our country.
It therefore promotes equity across all citizens.
This includes India’s forthcoming rollout of vaccines that will protect children against causes of the biggest childhood killers, pneumonia and diarrhoea, as well as others such as measles-rubella and cervical cancer vaccines.
There are many who rush to donate blood, when required.
The details are as follows:-
The MoU will help in mutual cooperation in regulation of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances, and in combating drug trafficking.
PM laid Foundation Stone of Piped Water Scheme for the rural areas of Bundelkhand Region.
I was not born with an aim to be in history books.
In June this year when Cyclone Mora hit Bangladesh and Myanmar, our naval ship INS SUMITRA rendered a big help in rescue operations; many fishermen were rescued from the sea and handed over to Bangladesh.
When we speak of targets, we must not only reduce the use of fossil fuel, but also moderate our life style.
The Government has launched a campaign to clean-up the system and the institutions from such elements once it assumed office.
Such a village can be a reality.
1. Exchange of information regarding laws, standards and product samples of mutual interest;
It is trust and optimism that will take our nation forward.
He will address a gathering comprising senior leaders and captains of industry from both India and abroad.
His passing away is a major loss to the world of literature.
Skill development projects taken up’ include coastal dis
You can find details of this plan on website.
The new terminal will be a modular, energy efficient and self-sustaining building of 18,985 sq.m
Russia remains one of India’s most valued friends in the world.
And you will be happy to know that hardly four or five countries in the world possess this capability.
India stands ready to enhance our development partnership with Myanmar.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval for setting up an Empowered Committee of Secretaries under the Chairmanship of Cabinet Secretary, in order to process the recommendations of 7th Central Pay Commission (CPC) in an overall perspective.
It is a great pleasure to welcome Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, on his first ever visit to India.
The MoU was signed in April, 2017.
I am Sharmila Dharpure speaking from Mumbai.
Our development partnership currently includes implementation of 180 Lines of Credit worth about USD 11 billion in over 40 African countries.
Expenditure for hosting the Secretariat will be borne by Belmont Forum member countries in kind or cash contribution.
In the afternoon, thematic presentations will be made to the Prime Minister on subjects such as corporate governance, human resource management, financial re-engineering, and innovation.
Similarly, he added that Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, Swami Vivekananda and Mahatma Gandhi are respected in Bangladesh as much as in India.
In the education sector, we have taken an important step to grant the universities freedom from restrictions to make them the world class universities.
The poor people have been given life and safety insurance at a premium of 90 paise per day and one rupee per day.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Capt. Amarinder Singh on taking oath as Chief Minister of Punjab.
Several baodis (stepwells) are famous as tourist spots but please do not forget that these are the living symbols of the water conservation campaigns which our forefathers had accomplished.
My dear friends, brothers and sisters,
Ministry of Railways has signed MOUs for technical cooperation in the Railway sector with various foreign Governments and National Railways.
We, in India, are facing to lot for the last 40 years on account of terrorism.
Our guests from our neighbours and from nations far beyond,
But, India alone cannot walk the path of peace.
The Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation – International Rice Research Institute (IRRI), South Asia Regional Center (ISARC) at campus of National Seed Research and Training Center (NSRTC) in Varanasi.
Our economic initiatives and programmes, and emphasis on innovation, research and technological development match well with Israel’s strengths and capacities.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Israel on cooperation in the Oil and Gas Sector.
Girls’ education is the foundation for women empowerment.
He paid homage to martyrs at Konark War Memorial.
He said the Government is focusing on Ease of Living.
This year, 91% of electronic returns were processed within ninety days as compared to 46% last year.
PM will release a synopsis of the Green Rameswaram Project.
While, Joint Venture 20p£rnpanies of bilateral partners and Indian companies will be eligible, Indian companies may be restricted to those where ownership by Indian nationals /companies is more than 50%.
And, in Africa, where, amidst many challenges, we see so many promising signs of courage, wisdom, leadership and enterprise.
The Prime Minister will also address a public gathering at Kothi Meena Bazaar in Agra.
I felt glad that I met them.
Information security systems were discussed in detail.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Ministry of Agriculture & Farmers’ Welfare and the Ministry of Agriculture in the State of Palestine on agriculture cooperation.
Social media is reducing social barriers.
37. The leaders reaffirmed the commitment of both countries to strengthening their railway cooperation and noted with satisfaction the completion of feasibility study for semi-high speed upgrade of the Delhi-Chandigarh section and station development study of Ambala and Ludhiana stations.
Railway passengers and Industry shall be benefited at large.
It is in this spirit that Swami Vivekananda called for combining the best from the East and the West.
Most of the FDI sectors have been put on automatic approval route.
Come on, let us take this journey further.
It also proposes a common entrance exam and an exit exam, which all graduates will have to clear to get practicing licenses.
My dear countrymen I want to share good news with you.
• MOU on Cooperation in the fields of Animal Husbandry and Dairying between Department of Animal Husbandry, Dairying & Fisheries, Ministry of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare of India and the Danish Veterinary and Food Administration, Ministry of Environment and Food of Denmark
Remembering the sacrifices of Imam Husain, Prime Minister said that Imam always stood against injustice and attained martyrdom for upkeeping peace and justice.
Addressing a large public gathering at Mohanpura, the Prime Minister paid homage to Dr. Syama Prasad Mukherjee on his death anniversary.
Indian companies hold strong business interests in South Africa.
After the new Air Services Agreement comes into force, the existing Air Services Agreement of December, 2004 shall stand superseded.
President François Hollande and I will jointly host a meeting of International Solar Alliance.
We are in full agreement that elements which perpetrate violence on innocent people should not be allowed to flourish.
Separated by a mere 90 nautical miles in the Indian Ocean, India and Indonesia share a continuity of civilizational relationship that spans over two millennia.
Anything else would be morally wrong; and disparities.
· To encourage oil palm plantation on large scale by corporate bodies and to utilize wastelands.
He practised in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
You bring an Energy and Idealism that is unparalleled.
But they are also now in the queue.
There are those who find their inspiration in the borderless world of cyber space.
We want our youth to become not just job-seekers but job-givers.
We should give it a try and see what happens.
Speaking on the economy, the Prime Minister said that the world expects India to become a five trillion dollar economy soon.
‘New India’ is the clarion call of 125 crore countrymen.
The revamped Khelo India Programme would impact the entire sports ecosystem, including infrastructure, community sports, talent identification, coaching for excellence, competition structure and sports economy.
“I am Diksha Katiyal speaking.
A group of about 30 young business leaders from Oman, who are part of the Oman India Joint Business Council, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous nation.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in resolution of grievances related to the telecommunications sector.
And it aims to build an enabling environment for the dishonest to return to the path of goodness.
Agreement for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income ii.
As always, ASEAN is providing both inspiration and leadership for regional cooperation and integration.
Accordingly, an amendment is needed in the Constitution (Pondicherry) Scheduled Castes Order, 1964 to this effect.
I thank President Erdogan and Turkey for their warm hospitality and excellent arrangements in this beautiful setting of Anatalya.
I would urge my fellow countrymen, who have heard Gayatri’s message in my ‘Mann Ki Baat’ today, that it should be a message to all of us.
He gave examples of the increase in pace of infrastructure development.
The technical cooperation will cover joint research working groups, pilot projects, capacity building programs, study tour, case studies and the sharing of experience/expertise.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive biddings as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides to execute the railway speed raising projects.
PM’s next destination will be Dandi in Navsari district of Gujarat.
On one hand, there are opportunities in post-harvest management, like primary processing and storage, preservation infrastructure, cold chain, and refrigerated transportation.
On the 03rd January, the Prime Minister will inaugurate the 103rd session of Indian Science Congress at the University of Mysore.
The Air Services Agreement signifies an important landmark in the civil aviation relations between India and Morocco and has the potential to spur greater trade, investment, tourism and cultural exchanges between the two countries.
We have recently celebrated 125th birth anniversary of Baba Saheb Ambedkar.
You may not have paid heed to it, but try to remember what happened in your family?
Similarly, the ‘Vahan’ of Kartikeya is the peacock.
Dantewada in Chattisgarh is a Maoist infested region.
But, we have awareness and technology.
Atalji changed it.
It includes people of India distinguishing themselves as scientists, artists, sportspersons etc., he said.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Uttar Pradesh tomorrow.
My friends,
The government does not wish that our countrymen should face undue hardships.
For on-going projects which have not been developed, we have also given marketing and pricing freedom, subject to a transparent ceiling based on published import parity prices.
This is the second time that the Conference is being held outside Delhi.
He said the remote technical activation from Brussels, 6500 km away, shows that nothing is impossible, once efforts are coordinated.
PM inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development at Patna .
That is why, he added, that important places related to Dr. Ambedkar’s life have been developed as centres of pilgrimage.
2. Extension of Pradhan Mantri Paridhan Rozgar Protsahan Yojana (PMPRPY) Scheme (for apparel) to made-ups sector for providing additional 3.67% share of Employer’s contribution in addition to 8.33% already covered under Pradhan Mantri Rozgar Protsahan Yojana (PMRPY) for all new employees enrolling in EPFO for the first three years of their employment as a special incentive to Made-ups sector
The Prime Minister described the Ramcharitmanas as a great epic which contained the “essence of India.”
Central University of Himachal Pradesh
While in villages there used to live one or two persons in their homes.
The Technical Cooperation programme will be beneficial for enhancement of skills and expertise of DGCA’s officers.
“I am happy to see young minds thinking about ways to take our nation forward.
No wonder so many of our top IT companies have invested here.
Earlier, it was believed that force indicates power.
India’s contribution in the onset of an era based on energy justice is significant.
Fellow citizens, Namaskar to all.
The meetings of the Working Group shall take place at least every two years, alternately in the Republic of India and in Ukraine.
We are two democracies; two strong economies; and, two innovative societies.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for enhancing the superannuation age to 65 years for doctors of Indian Railways Medical Service.
And, climate justice demands that, with the little carbon space we still have, developing countries should have enough scope to grow.
You should prepare a roadmap for that historic occasion from today itself to scale new heights for the institution and its character.
Since then, several more recommendations for inclusion of castes/communities and corrections in the existing list of OBCs for the State of Andhra Pradesh and the new State of Telangana have been received from NCBC.
Similarly, on the trade front:
The in principle approval is to take up the project under PPP model to reduce budgetary support of Government of India.
It will also bear the contingent liability of Rs.110 crore (approximately) as decided by the Supreme Court in compensation for VRS liabilities.
23. The two leaders underscored the need for strengthening and reform of multilateral financial institutions and enhancing the voice and participation of developing countries in international economic decision-making.
When Central and State Governments power unite, the development comes very rapidly.
I will discuss with PM Rutte as to how the two sides should work to further harness the synergies.
Swaraj, the first Tractor of the country, Baby Milk Powder, the first Super Computer of the country; these are just some of the accomplishments of CSIR.
ii) The cash incentives provided would lead to improved health seeking behaviour amongst the Pregnant Women and Lactating Mother (PW&LM) to reduce the effects of under-nutrition namely stunting, wasting and other related problems.
We are striving to minimize this expenditure for the poor and the middle class.
He described how, before 2014, inflation and income tax rates were high, whereas GDP growth was low.
Parties must also redouble efforts for early adoption of a Code of Conduct on the basis of consensus,” the Prime Minister said.
This is a difficult task but can be achieved.
Pay attention to cleanliness, be alert, try and be safe and take special care of children.
Greetings from my end for a Merry Christmas to all Indians and I also wish you all a Happy New Year.
The Prime Minister greeted the nation on Lohri on this occasion.
CES(Roads) Cadre strength will be revised as under:-
In a significant decision to fast-track India’s domestic nuclear power programme, and give a push to country’s nuclear industry, the Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for construction of 10 units of India’s indigenous Pressurized Heavy Water Reactors (PHWR).
And Nivedita means the one who is fully dedicated.
Three world records in a single day by DIVYANG people is a matter of great pride for our countrymen.
He said that this delay in the production of modern rifles for our soldiers, actually amounts to an injustice to the jawans.
He directed concerned officials to expedite the implementation of this scheme, using a judicious mix of modern technology, and local building materials and techniques.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the introduction of a Bill namely The Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order (Amendment) Bill, 2018 in the Parliament for certain amendments in the Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order, 1950 so as to modify the list of Scheduled Tribes (STs) of Arunachal Pradesh.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) in the field of Industrial Property Cooperation between Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion under the Ministry of Commerce & Industry and the Intellectual Property Office of Singapore (IPOS), Ministry of Law, Government of Singapore.
Many of them have presence on ground.
We could not have chosen a more special day than the birthday of one of the tallest leaders of our time, former Prime Minister and Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayeeji.
The Centre is an inter-disciplinary institution in life sciences and biotechnology and offers novel educational and training courses in the interdisciplinary and related areas of biotechnology.
The second painful fact was that the river was completely filled with wild grass and hyacinth.
“I bow to Dr. Rajendra Prasad on his birth anniversary.
On the morning of 7th October, the Prime Minister will visit the Dwarkadheesh Temple.
Earlier, when I used to visit Rajkot I used to find a small tank just outside every house hold with which was fitted a tap.
He said that through Cinema important social issues such as sanitation, women empowerment, sports etc are now reaching to people.
The leaders also welcomed the establishment of the G5 Sahel Joint Force, which demonstrates the willingness of African nations to take charge of their own security to address the threat of terrorism, as well as the serious challenges posed by transnational organized crime in the region.
• Two, work together in development and use of natural gas;
So, the last time that a Prime Minister of India visited California was in 1982.
No longer will the progress and prosperity of rural India be curtailed by corruption and black money.
He said that Prime Minister Irrigation Project has been started to improve the status of irrigation of Maharashtra and other parts of the country, including Dhule.
These are all pertinentsubjects for the future of our collective energy security.
Our Sagarmala project will connect the whole of India’s long coastline.
Yoga brings about peace in this modern fast paced life by combining the body, mind, spirit and soul.
Approximately 60 Japanese companies participated in the event.
Both the dignitaries discussed ways to enhance India- US cooperation including on counter-terrorism and in multilateral fora.
He said this would greatly help in improving effectiveness of the exercise.
And our endeavour should be to make people aware of their power and to always have the tendency to further strengthen it by linking more and more people to it.
Today, only the Government or external lenders like World Bank or JICA provide long term money for infrastructure.
i) Insertion of a new definition of “public works” in section 2 of the Act.
Where a billion aspirations, find free flowing expression.
To promote the air connectivity between the two countries, the two sides initiated the process of consultation in 2011 to finalize the text of Air Services Agreement.
The foundations of the United Nations were laid by the brave soldiers on the battlefields of Second World War.
Within a few months, investment proposals for 81 projects amounting to an investment of about Rs. 60,000 crore have now materialised for Ground Breaking.
He said : “My message specially to the young people is
However, he did not opt for the Reserve Bank.
Kerala has been a torch-bearer and inspiration to the whole nation in the field of literacy.
He unequivocally condemned terrorist attacks and violence in Afghanistan which have caused immense loss of precious human lives and expressed solidarity with the people and national defence forces of Afghanistan in their fight against terrorism.
• Drugs procurement, quality system and distribution streamlined through IT based Drug Distribution Management Systems in 23 States.
In this context, he expressed confidence that in future, when people talk of organisations for the welfare of mankind established in the 21st century, the International Solar Alliance will be at the top of the list.
According to the visiting premier this geopolitical uncertainty gives new impetus to ASEAN’s cooperation with key partners like India.
We will give high priority to increase trade and investment flows between India and Africa.
Cultural Exchanges
AMF TCP also provides an opportunity for fuel analysis, identifying new/ alternate fuels for deployment in transport sector and allied R&D activities for reduction in emissions in fuel intensive sectors.
NAD shall maintain the authenticity, integrity and confidentiality of its database.
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters include exchanges of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and Government officials in-charge of youth policy-making, extension of invitations to international conferences and seminars on youth matters held in the two countries, exchanges of printed materials, films, experiences, research and other information on youth matters, participation in youth camps, youth festivals and other youth events held in the two countries, and any other cooperative activities on youth matters jointly approved under the relevant laws and regulations of both countries.
We celebrated 14th April as the 125th birth anniversary of Babasaheb Ambedekar and today we celebrate 24th April as Panchayati Raj Day.
I understand your challenges, but also the wonderful feeling of creating something new.
India has taken a very important decision for these working women sisters of ours.
Both sides propose to establish Joint research in areas like climate prediction, ocean prediction and few others.
ii. Additional capital of Rs.2,000 crore to be provided to NABARD for this purpose through the Union Budget.
The basic aim is to ensure proper care of the newborn, the future citizen of India, from the time of birth.
Recalling his interactions with HH Pramukh Swami Maharaj, the PM said that Swamiji was a mentor to him and his service to society will always be remembered.
ODA loan to the “Project for Renovation and Modernization of Umiam-Umtru Stage-III Hydroelectric Power Station”
Prime Minister reiterated India’s commitment to extend all possible support to the efforts of the Afghan people in building a peaceful, stable, prosperous, inclusive and democratic country.
His was a life of outstanding scientific achievements; and, his was a heart of boundless compassion and concern for humanity.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Zambia in the field of Judicial Cooperation.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and Make in India.
And the most unique aspect was that Gurudev Tagore did not ascribe any name to most of his works.
But to transform India, much more needs to be done.
This means that it is our duty to be concerned about the world which we shall not see and to care for that.
Nutritious food is most essential for good health.
Yesterday my Telugu sisters and brothers celebrated the festival of Bhogi.
So we should not view anything as trivial or unimportant.
The Prime Minister said that if in 1942, the clarion call was “Karenge Ya Marenge,” today the call should be “Karenge aur Karke Rahenge.”
Just before examinations, letter pour in, touching on the anxieties of our young student friends who are about to appear.
The policy envisages private sector participation in O & M of metro services in different ways.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released the Dictionary of Martyrs of India’s Freedom Struggle, at an event in Lok Kalyan Marg, New Delhi.
India is ranked third in the list of top prospective host economies for 2016-18 in the World Investment Report 2016 released by UNCTAD.
•India will emerge as a global leader in transportation sector through cutting edge technology and skilled manpower.
With several of our partners, we meet in formats of three or more.
That shortage is history.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone for the Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT), at Una.
At our land, there has been tradition to sacrifice own life for the sake of trees, people perform prayer prior to break even a single branch from a tree.
The Prime Minister defined various attributes of Suraj, such as Sensitivity, Responsibility, Accountability, Transparency, Efficiency and Good Governance.
Will he be able to get some control over his life and destiny through your step !
In fact during the last three years it has become the third largest source of Foreign Direct Investments.
Now we will be free from of all those troubles as the entire country will have a similar tax structure.
All were Indian by origin but dedicated themselves to wherever they settled and decided to offer their lives for those amidst whom they lived.
“Saddened by demise of renowned scientist, Professor UR Rao.
A beginning will be made by offering staple produce such as potato and onion through selected kiosks of the Delhi Milk Scheme.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The CEOs presented an overview of their engagement and initiatives for inclusive growth in India’s food processing, agriculture, logistics, and retail sectors.
This would free up the assets for better utilization and for the benefit of the people.
1. Increase of one post of Additional DG (HAG level).
The MoU is on cooperation in the field of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises.
The Prime Minister said the world is looking at India differently today, and this is a unique opportunity which should not be missed.
The country’s refinery capacity is currently more than two fourty seven MMTPA.
The arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
Avoid it till a doctor gives you a prescription.
He said that he has been informed that loans worth Rs. 2000 crore are likely to be disbursed during this event.
The government is committed to fight all such wrongdoings and maladies.
National waterway from Varanasi to Haldia has already started.
Thanks to our financial inclusion programme, we now have the world’s largest and most successful programme of direct benefit transfers, in cooking gas.
Imphal will become the second city in the North-East to host this prestigious event.
We have the strength of our partnership and the membership of the United Nations, the Commonwealth and the G-20.
India’s rank has risen to 100 in the latest report compared to 130 in the Doing Business Report, 2017.
16. We have paid special attention to gender justice and to empowering women.
b) To exchange information and data related to tourism
Go, explore, go to the jungles.
Yoga makes the individual a better person in thought, action, knowledge and devotion.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, arrived at Ben Gurion Airport, Tel Aviv today.
Past laureates include distinguished global personalities like former UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and renowned international relief organizations like Doctors Without Borders and Oxfam.
He mentioned the pro-poor steps taken by the government.
Recently, the 17th National Para-Swimming Competition was held in Udaipur.
The Monsoon Session is significant on several accounts.
The MoU was signed in October, 2016.
But I also had the good fortune to practice Yoga in the rain for the first time.
AIIMS in Delhi has cultivated a brand name for itself in healthcare.
They will be able to take care of themselves.
I urge all NGOs, schools, colleges, social, cultural and political leaders, people in the government, collectors and sarpanches, to begin creating an environment of cleanliness at least fifteen days ahead of Gandhi Jayanti on the 2nd of October so that it turns out to be the 2nd October of Gandhi’s dreams.
He said the successes of small States and Union Territories, could be replicated by large states in one district to begin with.
The Prime Minister emphasized that the first principle of the cooperative movement is to unite everyone, even while remaining anonymous.
The exposure to Hannover Messe will go a long way in shaping our vision and strategy of manufacturing.
During this period, bank employees have worked day and night.
In the changed India, now the poor people are not being insultingly turned back from the banks.
This figure has gone up to Rs. 1.83 lakh crores in this government.
The Prime Minister recalled Sardar Patel’s initiatives as Mayor of Ahmedabad during the 1920s, including a campaign for cleanliness, and a proposal for 50 percent reservation for women.
The Prime Minister said improvement in “ease of doing business” would bring in greater investment in the States.
The project is a visible symbol of India’s contribution to strengthening and rebuilding democracy in Afghanistan.
The other group of correspondents have stressed that this is such a good work being carried out for the welfare of the country, such a sacred task but they have also noted that in spite of this there are many scams being committed and new avenues of dishonesty are being explored.
Our goal of creating a carbon sink of two point five to three billion tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent by 2030had once seemed difficult to many.
This is a follow up of the joint statement issued by the two Prime Ministers during the visit of Prime Minister of India; Shri Narendra Modi to UK on April 18, 2018, which states the following:
These Hospitals will provide comprehensive treatment to the patients from UP, and nearby states of MP, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Bihar.
He mentioned the rapid progress that has been made in rural electrification.
Shri Narendra Modi also emphasized on the need for water conservation, and spoke about the various initiatives taken by the Union Government for the welfare of the farmers, such as crop insurance.
Our partnership with Japan is characterized as a Special Strategic and Global Partnership.
Myriad competitions take place all over the country.
We also discussed Trade and Economic Partnership Agreement between Indian and European Free Trade Association.
Addressing officers and staff of the ONGC at a function to mark the launch of the SAUBHAGYA Yojana, the Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards making an efficient electric chulha (stove), which would enable cooking through the use of electricity.
Organic farming, Blue revolution, sweet revolution and solar farming have opened up new vistas.
We are well set to become a 5 trillion dollar economy in the near future.
5. Grant-in-Aid to Government of Tripura for maintenance of Brus lodged in relief camps of Tripura.
The Prime Minister offered floral tributes to Nanaji Deshmukh and Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan.
I will also participate in a summit hosted by President Obama on peacekeeping.
Yoga is far beyond physical exercises.
My dear young friends, I had some preliminary discussions about “Start-up India, Stand-up India” in my speech on 15th August from the Red Fort.
It has been decided to continue the flagship financial inclusion program (PMJDY), with focus on opening accounts from “every household to every adult”.
I am sure our athletes will give their best & make us proud”, the Prime Minister said.
The European Investment Bank has lent over one billion Euros to India towards environmentally sustainable projects including the Lucknow Metro.
PM will inaugurate Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
You are all Sarpanchs, do one thing when you have time.
• Transmission projects to be developed through competitive bidding process to ensure faster completion at lower cost.
Netaji Bose was a great intellectual who always thought about the interests & wellbeing of the marginalised sections of society.
I will also meet top CEOs of Spanish industry and encourage them to partner with us in our ‘Make in India’ Initiative.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted teaching community on the occasion of Teachers’ Day.
But, he added, that over the course of a month, new friendships would have been forged, and a lot would have been learnt from each other.
He said the new format of the Conference has resulted in a marked improvement in the quality of discussions.
The Government has also decided to strengthen DNA analysis labs in all the States and Union Territories.
It also influenced and guided the mind-set of Indian diaspora the world over.
Before taking any extreme steps, the government must give a chance to the people.
Women Sarpanch can be more successful here.
PM said “Numaligarh will be the largest among 12 bio refineries to be built across India”.
The MoU was renewed on 13thNovember 2018.
It means that it does not fit into their Shalya mentality.
They must empower nations, not place them under impossible debt burden.
The scheme aims to provide cooking gas connections to five crore below-poverty-line beneficiaries over the next three years.
I am also grateful for the generous hospitality extended to me and my delegation.
*build infrastructure and institutions; and
A number of global reports and assessments over the last two years have shown that India has improved its policies, practices and hence its economic profile.
Do you ever ensures that has the entire course of vaccination been completed?
And where a holy place is a catholic agent of humanity, where a holy place is an agent of harmony.
Let us remember the infinite humanism in Sufi poet Jalaluddin Rumi’s words, “Contain all human faces in your own, without any judgment of them.”
Guru Nanak Dev ji undertook a 28 thousand kilometre journey on foot and throughout the journey spread the message of true humanity.
What great experience it will be?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited Deekshabhoomi in Nagpur, where he paid floral tributes to Dr. Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar on the occasion of his birth anniversary.
The Chief Minister said that Rajasthan has faced drought for 61 out of the last 67 years.
This conference is part of the Golden Jubilee celebrations of the Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council of India.
Dear brothers and sisters,
He said Gujarat has a long coastline, and we should harness the opportunities that arise out of this.
He said this should be done in a focused way, so as to achieve the greatest possible, tangible results by 2022, which marks 75 years of independence.
Development of sign language interpreters, Research and Development and new technology will be the focus area of the Centre.
A similar bid was also received for a unique painting, which depicts Prime Minister Modi on a railway platform – a uniquely artistic interpretation of Narendra Modi’s special bond with the railways.
It will inspire large number of young students to take up science and technology careers for national development.
He lived for the nation and served it assiduously for decades.
The formalities relating to transfer of land to KVS would be within a period of two months.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today visited Thiruvananthapuram.
Before initiation of sale of any Enemy Shares, the CEPI shall certify that the sale of the Enemy Shares is not in contravention of any judgment, decree or order of any court, tribunal or other authority or any law for the time being in force and can be disposed off by the Government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness over loss of lives in a coal mine accident in Jharkhand.
The labourers who were engaged in this work had been working as per the government norms from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
This revision would register an entry pay growth in the range of 22% to 28 %.
You have made a country of 8 million people, shine as a global power-house of technology.
He asked the officers to make efforts in this regard by designing a system for this category.
Mr. Daniel Carmon, Ambassador of Israel to India
He appreciated the generous assistance provided by the Government of India to Maldives, and identified various areas for developmental cooperation, including private sector involvement in development of housing and infrastructure, water and sewerage systems in the outlying islands, healthcare, education and tourism.
PM will inaugurate Mounded Storage Vessel at IOCL LPG bottling plant, Kochi and lay foundation stone for Skill Development Institute at Ettumanoor.
19. Arrangements will be made at international airports for arriving and departing passengers who have five hundred or thousand rupee notes of not more than five thousand rupees, to exchange them for new notes or other legal tender.
A number of conventions and seminarshave been organised on various topics.
Delhi is a city with a rich heritage, and has several historical landmarks.
India and United States share common interest to fight terrorism and transnational crimes in all their forms and manifestations and to prevent the continued growth of terrorist organizations.
It shows that our collective choices for our citizens will bring us together for: cooperation, not conflict; development, not destruction; and prosperity not poverty.
World Class Infrastructure has remained a dream for India.
He said the Government has worked towards a developed and inclusive India, in the last four years.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi undertook an aerial survey of the flood affected areas in Bihar today; He took stock of the relief, rehabilitation and compensation measures in detail with the State Chief Minister Shri Nitish Kumar, Deputy Chief Minister Shri Sushil Modi and senior state officials in Purnea.
Recalling the natural calamity of 2013, the Prime Minister said that as Chief Minister of Gujarat, he had come to do all that he could for the victims; and offered support from the State of Gujarat for the reconstruction effort.
“I am anguished by the situation arising due to floods in various parts of the Northeast.
The Seoul Peace Prize was established to crystallize the Korean people’s yearning for peace on the Korean Peninsula and in the rest of the world.
We now have the institutions, incentives and interest for new ventures.
It would provide Indian corporates easier access to global financial markets.
This is an area that India needs to improve upon to remain competitive.
We recognize that the benefits derived from mountain regions are essential for sustainable development.
India and South Africa are also working together to shape priorities of international agenda through IBSA [India, Brazil and South Africa] and BRICS.
Do you know why they had to resort to such a cowardly operation?
And possibly those connected with this movement may not be able to guess that you cannot see because of your visual challenge.
Now it is not very difficult for the taxpayer to get connected with the taxation system of the government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, welcomed Corporators from Varanasi at his residence in New Delhi, today.
About 100 Probationers of the 2017 batch of the Indian Police Service, today called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The flood situation in Kerala has been continuously and closely monitored by the Union Government.
Such marathons augur well for the health of people.
We have a robust National Biodiversity Strategy.
If we were to stop water from draining out for five days, for seven days, it would seep into the ground and the water level would come up.
I hope that keeping in view the future challenges a roadmap with a clear vision for moving forward will be prepared in this conference.
Noting the importance of cooperative federalism for the country’s development, the Prime Minister said the Centre and States are now working together for this objective.
One of the key tobacco supply reduction strategies contained in Article 15 of WHO FCTC envisages elimination of all forms of illicit trade and tobacco products, including smuggling, illicit manufacturing and counterfeiting.
This proposal prepared by Department of Rural Development is to restructure the current programme on rural housing to achieve this objective to provide pucca house to all who are houseless and living in dilapidated houses.
Rs 1000 Disqualification for 3 months for licence
“On Maharashtra Day, I greet the people of Maharashtra and wish the state the very best in scaling new heights of progress.
So some of us, especially for the Members of this House, who have worked with him as a friend and a colleague for so many years, may feel odd but it is the uniqueness of our democratic system that we develop our style of working within the system.
So I will be brief.
Terrorism will never be accepted
A Joint Coordination Committee (JCC) with members from both sides will be formed to decide cooperation activities to be taken under the MoU in following areas:
“There are forces and groups that are instruments of state policy and design.
Defence Equipment and Technology Cooperation
I have listened carefully on how we can make our partnership more effective.
We are monitoring the situation closely.
Now, we have launched yet another revolution of empowerment and opportunities in India.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is committed towards fulfilling the aspirations of youth of the country.
The initiative has been synergized through various financial institutions including SIDBI, IDBI Bank, UCO Bank and the American India Foundation.
Vibrant Gujarat Summit was conceptualized in 2003 by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi who was then the Chief Minister of Gujarat, to re-establish Gujarat as a preferred investment destination.
Subsidy is provided on LPG cylinders in our country.
It can ignite a partnership between India and the United States, which can advance prosperity in our two countries and give new content to our strategic partnership.
He gave examples of the gas cracker project in Assam;revival of fertilizer plants in Gorakhpur, Barauni and Sindri; the Jagdishpur Haldia gas pipeline; and the Dhola Sadia bridge, to show how emphasis is being given to kickstarting projects in the region.
Adiyogi will inspire many generations to take up yoga.
The Copyright Act, 1957 was amended in 2012 to bring it in conformity, with WCT and WPPT, includes amendment in definition of “Communication to the public” to make it applicable to digital environment (Section 2(ff)) as also introduced provisions related to Technological • Protection Measures (Section 65A) & Rights Management Information (Section 65B); Moral rights of performers (Section 38B); Exclusive rights of the performers (Section 38A); safe harbour provisions over electronic medium (Section 52 (1) (b) and (c)),
He said that the propensity to lie, can only be overcome by the truth.
Mr. Mr. Lee Hsien Loong says that India and ASEAN continue to look for new synergies.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister recalled the recent suicide committed by a student in Hyderabad, and said he felt and understood the pain of the family.
Meeting of BRICS Energy Ministers 90.
Now, a century later, we witness that the people of India continue to share that feeling towards truth and goodness.
He was a close friend of India, and we had the honour to confer on him the Pravasi Bharatiya Samman.
Can we have intelligent Artificial Intelligence that makes communication and conversations across these languages and dialects easier?
As always, our efforts will be driven by your priorities.
I’m fortunate that at the beginning of this year, I got an opportunity to participate in the 350th birth anniversary celebration organized at Patna Sahib.
It will be offered annually to the leader of a Nation.
He added that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world’s biggest people’s movement.
And, today, I am humbled and honoured to join President Ghani and all the Members of the Afghan Parliament to dedicate this new abode of democracy to the Afghan nation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered Sardar Patel on his Punya Tithi.
During my visit to the US Capitol, I will also interact with members of the House of Representatives and the Senate, many of whom have been valued friends of India and a strong votaries of deepening India-USA ties.
We also work closely to keep our citizens safe.
Noting that 31st October also marks the birth anniversary of Sardar Patel, the Prime Minister said that Sardar Patel was a lawyer, who devoted his life to serving the nation.
He said that the Governing Council has approached complex issues of governance as “Team India”, in the spirit of cooperative, competitive federalism.
Dear Countrymen, our Nation has many schemes which are 40 years old or 50years old but these schemes could not reach more than 5 or 7 crore people.
The city of Surat is blessed with remarkable determination.
During our interactions today with the President, we reviewed all the dimensions of our relations.
I received a message from Bhargavi Kande and after listening to the way she speaks, her voice, I felt she is a leader herself or she is going to be a leader probably.
We had world class talent of Indian origin working in India and abroad.
The act is applicable to all establishments employing 10 or more persons.
The Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research (IISER) have been declared as Institutes of National Importance under the National Institutes of Technology, Science Education & Research (NITSER) Act, 2012.
Accordingly, the Chandigarh Housing Board advertised a scheme titled as “Self-Financing Housing Scheme” on lease hold basis for 99 years for the employees of the Chandigarh Administration in the year 2008.
PM said the 3 aspects of Health-: Nutrition, Immunization and Cleanliness have been given priority by his Government and National Nutrition Mission, Mission Indradhanush and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan are major initiatives.
All of us took up the responsibility and the result is that in the last four years or so, sanitation coverage has almost doubled and risen to around 80 percent.
HMT Tractor Division was established in Pinjore, Haryana in 1971 to manufacture HMT Tractors.
Today, the campaign of Make in India is progressing successfully in consonance with Dr. Ambedkarji’s dream of India as an industrial super power-that vision of his has become our inspiration today.
We have reached 100th position in the ‘ease of doing business’ ranking.
My dear countrymen, now your views and your sentiments on ‘Mann Ki Baat’ though your letters, on MyGov, on NaarendraModiApp keep me constantly connected with you.
·-If we have a look at the recently released data, the production of coal, electricity, steel and natural gas has registered a robust growth.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Dashamah Soundarya Lahari Parayanotsava Mahasamarpane at Bengaluru.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its post-facto approval for the following decisions:
At present there is no ASA between India and Greece.
What prevented Indian Prime Ministers from going to Israel.
Prime Minister Cameron and Prime Minister Modi reiterated their determination to enhance cooperation in the area of Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters, particularly where it is related to terrorism cases.
The objective is to meet the quantitative and qualitative gap in the supply of skilled manpower for the petroleum sector and to promote research activities needed for the growth of the sector.
The Jal Marg Vikas project would augment capacity of navigation on National Waterways for internal trade carried through inland water transport.
Our inflation is down as also our fiscal and external deficits.
This airport shall bring western Odisha on the aviation map of India, and facilitate regional air connectivity through the UDAN scheme.
We have been asking the extremists to join the mainstream.
I consider this to be a good omen.
Provision regarding refinancing is aimed at facilitating availability of low cost long term funds to Concessionaire so as to improve the financial viability of the projects.
To bring forth Innovative Ideas, programmes like Smart India Hackathon are also being implemented.
(i) Spectrum acquired in forthcoming auction in 700, 800, 900, 1800, 2100, 2300 & 2500 MHz band is to be charged at the rate of 3% of Adjusted Gross Revenue (AGR) excluding the revenue from wire-line services.
The cooperation is achieved through exchange of information on developments in areas of railways technology & operations, knowledge sharing, technical visits, training & seminars and workshops in areas of mutual interest.
“We are proud of our past, we believe in our present and are confident of our bright future”, he added.
We have both set ambitious national agendas.
The proposal, known as LIGO-India project (Laser Interferometer Gravitational-wave Observatory in India) is piloted by Department of Atomic Energy and Department of Science and Technology (DST).
America has also observed National Entrepreneurs’ Day on November 21st.
ASEAN represents the greatest level of diversity of culture, religion, language, governance and prosperity of any grouping in the world.
Businesses seek assurance of the prevalence of rule of law in the Indian market.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has announced an ex- gratia of Rs. 2 lakh each for the next of kin of those who have lost their lives in the floods in Assam and Rajasthan.
I am a resident of Mumbai and work for the India Research Centre of Harvard University.
The Inter-Governmental Agreement on manufacture of Kamov 226 helicopter in India is the first project for a major defence platform under the Make in India mission.
Yes, people have more expectations from us because they know that we can deliver.
Gurbachan Singh ji asked him to promise that they will not burn parali or stubble in their fields.
He called for emphasis on value addition of crops.
Our farmers have not looked back since then.
The bus accident in Maharashtra’s Palghar is unfortunate.
This project is a time bound project and involves comprehensive operation and maintenance till July 2021.
The Prime Minister said he often gets to know about Indians working abroad through letters he receives from their relatives.
According to the UNEP Gap Report, India is also on track to meet its Copenhagen Pledge.
One needs to be constantly alert about our Democracy, that is why we must also keep remembering the events that inflicted harm upon our democracy; and at the same time move ahead, carrying forward the virtues of democracy.
He also laid foundation stone of Entrepreneurship, Innovation and Career Hub in University of Jammu.
The law applies equally to all.
These initiatives provide you additional avenues for investment in technologies, services and human resources.
In a couple of hours from now, I would meet the E.U. leadership for the 13th India-E.U. Summit.
The Sides noted the progress achieved in the construction of the remainder of the six power units at Kudankulam NPP as well as the efforts being made in the components manufacturing for localization.
You also visit the Gandhi Kutir.
This can be heard in India and Bangladesh.
He said that these awards offer an opportunity for recognition of talented children, and serve as inspiration for others like them.
Also the financial assistance for the scheme has also been enhanced upto Rs. 1,25,000 from the earlier allocation of Rs. 70,000 – 75,000.
He asserted that the fight against black money will continue, and technology will help bring about transparency.
He said that in Gujarat, there is a constant effort to ensure that adequate water reaches every part of the state.
21. The two sides also reiterated their full support to the UN facilitated Libyan-led and Libyan-owned political process to forge a lasting solution to the political crisis in Libya.
They presented the outcomes of their discussions over last two days in areas such utility scale solar, off-grid and microgrid solutions, solar storage, next generation solar technologies and innovative financing options for the renewable sector.
Another important initiative is Skill India.
He is a Divyang by birth.
Many big countries have strongly condemned this terror attack, have stood behind India and expressed support for India.
This is an initiative of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, to provide clean, pollution-free transport for Members of Parliament.
We staunchly believe in peace; we are committed to taking it forward… but NOT at the cost of compromising our self-respect and sovereignty of our Nation.
Memorandum of Understanding between the National Small Industries Corporation (NSIC), of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation (RSMB), on Cooperation in the field of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
He directed officials to explore the possibility of leveraging existing resources, including railway and other communication infrastructure, to provide mobile connectivity in remote, unconnected areas.
They also welcomed the continued cooperation on Metro Projects which support smarter development of Indian cities.
• A vibrant rural economy with robust farm sector; • A roof over each head and electricity to all households; • To skill millions of our youth; • Build 100 smart cities; • Have a broad band for a billion, and connect our villages to the digital world; • And create a twenty-first century rail, road and port infrastructure.
4. Net reduction of 199 posts of Deputy Commandants (STS level).
This event is being organized jointly by UGC, AICTE, ICSSR, IGNCA, IGNOU, JNU and SGT University.
He recalled that former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, had a special bond with the State.
Currently, the banking, capital markets and insurance sectors in IFSC are regulated by multiple regulators, i.e. RBI, SEBI and IRDAI.
It is good as it shows that they want to analyse everything from its very root.
It can also add to the growth and income of the region.
With the inauguration of both cancer hospitals, Varanasi is set to become an important centre for quality treatment and care in Cancer related ailments.
Nordic competencies fit well with our vision for India’s transformation.
The MoU will provide an opportunity to the ICAI members to expand theirprofessional horizons and simultaneously ICAI will become an entity to aidand strengthen capacity building of local nationals.
The IBSA countries contribute US$ 1 million each annually to the Fund, which till January 2015 has accumulated to US$ 28.2 million, with total implemented/approved projects commitment of US$ 26.2 million, and remaining US$ 2.09 million available for programming.
Technical Level Meeting of BRICS National Statistical Agencies (24-26 February 2016, New Delhi) 53.
These are not only historical bonds.
The Prime Minister encouraged them to talk on various aspects of their day-to-day life.
We are transforming defence manufacturing in India through radically new policies and initiatives.
Widespread condemnation of commercial surrogacy prevalent in India has also been regularly published in different print-and electronic media since last few years highlighting the need to prohibit commercial surrogacy and allow ethical altruistic surrogacy.
Old structures of terrorism remain.
Because, whether it is on land or in the waters of the Indian Ocean, the security of our societies is indivisible.
In this regard, the two Prime Ministers welcomed the discussions for establishing the “Platform for Japan-India Business Cooperation in Asia-Africa Region” to further enhance the exchanges between Japanese and Indian businesses toward developing industrial corridors and industrial network in the region.
This tradition combines indigenous and external ideas from India’s past.
Prime Minister: My Beloved 125 Crore countrymen of India,
If we had maintained the speed of 2013 in laying optical fibre network in villages, then we would not have been able to accomplish the task for generations together.
One of most significant of these was the drafting committee and Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar was the Chairman of this drafting committee.
An unprecedented number of countries from across the world, joined hands with us.
The Mission has several ‘firsts’.
The addition of 61.679 km network through these 3 new corridors will also reduce congestion on the roads and will thus help in reducing pollution caused by motor vehicles.
We have been able to develop the ‘NAVIC Navigation System’ through GPS.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister launched the Intensified Mission Indradhanush, to accelerate progress towards the goal of full immunization coverage.
He opened and witnessed a photo exhibition titled – “A Celebration of Dr. Kalam’s Life.”
We are willing to extend our cooperation to expand this model.
The East Asia Summit and the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership – two important initiatives of ASEAN – embrace this geography.
Campaigns like Digital India and Skill India have been designed to prepare people to take part in this process.
Some of these ideas and suggestions I will definitely put in front of you during the Town Hall program.
This is the first plant in India which will have a coal gasification based fertilizer unit.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and Tunisia on 2nd June 2016 for strengthening bilateral cooperation in the field of Information and Communications Technology (ICT) and Digital Economy.
The signing of the agreement will help in deepening the educational ties between India and France and will go a long way in boosting the educational relationship between the two countries.
The Productivity Linked Bonus on Railway covers all non-gazetted railway employees (excluding RPF/RPSF personnel) who are spread over the entire country.
This sportsman spirit will not only help you on the field but also in other aspects of your life.
In this dangerous atmosphere, Adivasi women are becoming self reliant by driving e-rickshaws.
These are start-ups that are also at the forefront of solving so many national problems.
The placement of 75% of trained persons is proposed to be mandatory for availing assistance related to skill development training component.
The country should celebrate his centenary year as GARIB KALYAN VARSH, ‘Year for Welfare of the Poor’.
A team of students involved in building satellite “Sathyabamasat” called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in New Delhi, today.
Even in this globalised world, London is still the standard for our times.
On Swachhta Abhiyan, the Prime Minister said that the biggest groundswell of support has come from the people, and that is driving change at the administrative level.
Through a combination of
The flow of Ganga adds momentum to the economic pace of the country.
The pension is envisaged until death from the date of subscription, with payback of the subscription amount on death of the subscriber to the nominee.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the trade cooperation framework between India and Rwanda.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Odisha and Chhattisgarh on September 22, 2018.
Most of the sectors of our economy are open for FDI.
So many women do not have access to toilets.
For 1EC, up to 5% of the total project cost can be spent at State/District levels and 3% at Central level.
If discrimination is entrenched, our determination to fight it and our sensitivity to fighting it should be that much higher.
He directed that insurance companies must dispatch their observers quickly to the flood hit areas to assess the farmer’s claims related to crop insurance and provide them relief at the earliest..
And, those in our neighbourhood who support violence, encourage hatred, and export terror stand isolated and ignored.
We are also keen to see that genuine investors and honest tax payers get quick and fair decisions on tax matters.
A combination of robust civil nuclear cooperation, LNG sourcing, partnership in the Oil and Gas sector, and engagement in renewables can construct a promising ‘Energy Bridge’ between our two countries.
Sustainable Forest Management in Tripura, and consideration for a similar project in Meghalaya.
He appealed to the youth of Kashmir to come forward and move ahead with the vision of making Kashmir “heaven on earth.”
Nowadays, even the MNREGA scheme, which provides employment opportunities in villages, is being connected to it.
We are going to give this benefit to our countrymen.
And, the Indian Ocean Rim Association has emerged as a key platform of engagement for the maritime neighbours connected by the Indian Ocean.
The Prime Minister directed that the process be completed, and assistance be provided without delay.
Holding aloft the values of freedom, Prime Minister hoisted the National Flag at Red Fort, to commemorate the occasion.
I am happy to note that the BRICS Business Council also has matching priorities of ease of doing business, dismantling trade barriers, promoting skills development, establishing manufacturing supply chains and infrastructure development.
We produce the best information technology specialists in the world.
This was the fourth such group to meet the Prime Minister.
He urged overseas Indian to invite 5 non Indian families to visit India.
We will also collaborate to develop Indian and African treasures of traditional knowledge and medicines.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mariyappan Thangavelu on winning gold and Varun Singh Bhati for the bronze at the Rio 2016 Paralympics.
Tagore Award for Cultural Harmony was instituted by the Government from 2012 during the commemoration of the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore.
The hard work of the farmers has resulted in a record production of food grains.
• Funding for CA to the Rajasthan Feeder and Sirhind feeder shall be made through NABARD under existing system for funding of 99 PMKSY-AIBP projects under LTIF.
We should not limit our idea of reforms to a few standard notions.
LOC Agreemnts
And, with instincts honed over centuries, it turned naturally to the East.
We see a particular synergy between Thai strengths in infrastructure, particularly tourism infrastructure, and India’s priorities in this field.
These cinlude two closed urea units of Fertilizer Corporation India Limited (FCIL) at Sindri (Jharkhand) and Gorakhpur (Uttar Pradesh) and Barauni (Bihar) unit of Hindustan Fertilizers Corporation Limited (HFCL).
My ministerial colleagues,
Elimination of illicit trade in tobacco products through strengthened regulation will help in strengthening comprehensive tobacco control, leading to reduction in tobacco use which in turn, will result in reduction in disease burden and mortality associated with tobacco use.
• The World is committedto the climate change agendabased on the COP-21agreement.
This Parliament House brings together our two nations through the vision of our leaders, the labour of our people and the stones of our lands.
Not only is Democracy a system, but also a ‘sanskar’- a part of our ethos.
We have drastically reduced leakages in the Employment Guarantee scheme and ensured that money reaches those for whom it is intended.
(11). The Centre and State Government may issue Swachh Bharat bonds.
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
In the last ten years, bilateral trade has grown almost 380%.
The criteria for identification of districts is as follows:-
Shri Shafiq Mir said that a vast majority of the people of the State wanted a life of peace and dignity.
NITI Aayog should develop, in consultation with Ministries and State Governments, an objective assessment framework for (i) assessing ODF and (ii) assessing ODF plus, that is, cleanliness.
These biscuits are now being supplied upto Almora and Kousani besides being sold to about fifty Aanganwadi kendras in Bagheshwar district.
He said that the work for this project, which was first approved in 2007, began three years ago, and the first phase has already been completed.
We will feel cleanliness in our veins.
The PM visited the various pavilions and evinced keen interest in the stalls of ISRO, DRDO, Khadi etc. among others bringing to the fore his vision of Make in dia with an apt tagline- From Charkha to Chandrayaan.
We all know that Nelson Mandela was the role model of struggle against racism all over the world and who was the inspiration for Mandela?
The scheme will go a long way in tapping the talent pool of the country for carrying out research indigenously in cutting edge science and technology domains.
This morning we witnessed a brilliant performance of the dance drama ‘Rama Hari’ based on the Ramayana at the Opening Ceremony of the ASEAN Summit.
He also believed in the power of education.
The idea took the world by storm.
So, in the uncharted waters of our uncertain times, we must together help steer a steady course for this world in the direction that mirrors the ideals we share.
Everyone has experienced this as a most unique part of his personality.
I hope that new zeal, new excitement and new pledges may take you to new heights.
“The enchanting and effervescent Northeast calls!
An understanding of Bapu’s life specially his emphasis on cleanliness will surely strengthen our resolve to turn Mahatma’s dreams into a reality.
It is also expected to lead to enhancement of remittances by Indian nationals to India.
Reform of global institutions has to be an on-going process.
We do not want to spend ten years in discussions without any tangible outcomes.
In case of use of coal in State/ Central Generating Plants, the deciding criteria shall be plant efficiency, coal transportation cost, transmission charges and overall cost of power.
Sanskrit language & literature encompasses a storehouse of knowledge pertaining to every facet of life.
May be we are not knowing every thing but we can take those along with us who have knowledge of it.
The Prime Minister of Japan, Mr. Shinzo Abe, hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi over lunch.
The Prime Minister mentioned that it was significant that this initiative of a district court functioning through solar power had been undertaken in Jharkhand, a state rich in coal reserves.
Someone just told me that there is one Shailesh Bhosle in Mumbai.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has announced an ex-gratia relief of Rs. 2 lakh each from PMNRF for the next of kin of those who lost their lives in the fire in Kollam.
Strong ties between the people of our two countries are an important base and benchmark of our linkages.
The amendments are based on the recommendations of the Department related Parliamentary Standing Committee on Transport, Tourism and Culture and comments of State Governments.
Many – Many thanks!
Indian Institutes of Management are the country’s premier institutions imparting best quality education in management on globally benchmarked processes of education and training in management education and allied area of knowledge.
Addressing a large gathering, which included large numbers of tribal women, the Prime Minister said that it was quite appropriate that a solar energy project was being inaugurated on Gandhi Jayanti.
It is the first metro project to be commissioned with a modern signalling system called the “Communication Based Train Control Signalling system”.
The private sector has responded with great enthusiasm.
As the great Nigerian Nobel Laureate Wole Soyinka insisted, human entity remains the primary asset in overall development.
Not only did this partnership continue, but our engagement has kept growing.
It takes the country swiftly to the newer heights of development and therefore it is our intention to give impetus to that.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval for amendment to the ‘Framework on Currency Swap Arrangement for SAARC Member Countries’ to incorporate a ‘Standby Swap’ amounting to USD 400 million operated within the overall size of the Facility of USD 2 billion and build in flexibility with respect to modalities of its operation, such as period of swap, roll over, etc. after due consideration of conditions of requesting SAARC member countries and domestic requirements of India.
v. Establishing high end mobile BSL 3 Lab facilities in India; and
b) training of medical personnel;
I thank CII and Keidanren for creating this opportunity.
satellite links that bring education, medical advice and communication to Afghan people.
He also said that FICCI must also voice concerns, when necessary, on issues such as builders exploiting the common man.
The broad objectives of this project are listed as under:
And, we agreed on the need to remain sensitive to each other’s strategic interests and concerns.
2. integrated water resources management, i.e., conjunctive use of surface and ground water resources, enhancement of water use efficiency, resilience and adaptation to climate change, artificial recharge of aquifers, organisational, institutional and regulation aspects;
All South Asian countries are partners in our journey towards development.
Mahatma Gandhi had advocated this wisdom at every step of his life.
He will lay the foundation Stone of ESIC Hospital, Tiruppur.
The Prime Minister said that if India can grow at 8 per cent per annum over the next three decades, it would be one of the world’s most advanced countries.
Speaking on Aadhaar, he said it has added great strength to India’s development.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Tourism, Government of the Republic of India and Ministry of Cultural, Information & Tourism of the Government of the Kyrgyz Republic for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
These include, the second Bhairab and Titas Railway Bridges; and the International Rail Passenger Terminus at Chitpur in Kolkata.
Based on scientific excellence on both sides, the parties have agreed to have a specific focus upon:
Addressing a gathering in Dahej, the Prime Minister said that the Government’s vision is ports for prosperity.
India, in fact, is on the threshold of a big IT revolution.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
The Victims are entitled to interim relief immediately within 30 days to address their physical, mental trauma etc. and further appropriate relief within 60 days from the date of filing of charge sheet.
To make the loan from NABARD attractive for states, it was decided that the rate of interest may be kept around 6% by providing requisite cost free funds to NABARD every year during 2016-17 to 2019-20 on which interest cost would be borne by Govt. of India.
International Association of Insurance Supervisors, Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding is a statement of its signatories’ intent to cooperate in the Field of information exchange as well as procedure for handling information requests.
I have been given to understand that over the next two days this Forum will discuss12 success stories from all over the world.
Many Foreign and Domestic defence related companies will invest in this region.
I want to tell you about a friend of mine.
Gujarat’s Industry and Government still cherish the fact that Japan became the first partner country in the Vibrant Gujarat event.
He said if everyone is alert, the evil designs of the terrorists can be foiled.
All of us must realise that being a voter, earning the right to vote is an important rite of passage in one’s life; it’s one of its achievements.
Then the citizens are surprised that can the government do such a thing?
The Indian-origin Jewish community reminds us of these bonds.
Mr. Modi added that local solution and global application is our mantra.
The situation that has emerged in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, as a fallout of the issue of distribution of the waters of the Cauvery River, is distressful.
The MoU delineated the responsibilities, areas of co-operation including logistics and venue related requirements between the parties for smooth conduct of the Summit.
Major Impact, including employment generation potential:
The Prime Minister visited Gyan Pravah: Centre for Cultural Studies and Research, and appreciated the efforts made to showcase India’s cultural heritage.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
The March of Technology cannot be at the expense of further increasing the difference between societies over access to technology.
So, implementation will be as important as starting projects.
Hon’ble Minister of Trade and Industry,
He said this is an initiative that should make every Gujarati proud.
But bank credit accounted for a tiny share of their financing.
The Prime Minister said youth from different parts of India, assembled in Chhattisgarh today, represent its diversity but are united in one mantra, of serving Mother India.
I know from my experience, that poor governance hurts the poor more than it hurts others.
Today roads are being built at twice the speed.
Shri Narendra Modi said he was fortunate to have had the occasion for social work among the tribals in his youth.
No longer must a poor citizen in a remote village travel long distances or pay off middle-men to get her rights.
And, we want to turn our villages into smart economic hubs and connect our farmers better to markets and makes them less vulnerable to the whims of weather.
This is a time when the world needs new engines of growth.
DBT has resulted in significant savings across welfare schemes.
– Revenues are up and interest rates are down.
Motivated by thousands years old history, our country has been witnessing changes from time to time.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors of roads, PMGSY, rural housing, urban housing, railways, airports and ports.
The Prime Minister said that his Government is committed towards the equality of opportunity for all and 10% reservation for general category poor is a step in this direction.
In addition to the Swachh Bharat Mission, he mentioned the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana (Urban), the Smart City Mission, AMRUT, and Deendayal Upadhyay National Urban Livelihood Mission.
This lecture will be the first in a series.
India stands tall as a space power!
Thank you, Mohan, Venkie, Ambassador.
Selective approaches to terrorist individuals and organizations will not only be futile but also counter-productive.
We have laid emphasis on infrastructure.
Collaboration of India with Singapore will benefit both India and Singapore to excel in the fields of Development of Application Programming Interfaces (APls), Regulatory Sandbox, Security in payment and digital cash flow, integration of RuPay-Network for Electronic Transfers (NETS), UPI-FAST payment link, AADHAR Stack and e-KYC in ASEAN region and cooperation on regulations, solutions for financial markets and insurance sector and sand box models.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to CPWD, and Directorate of Estates.
Registration of Motor Vehicle to be cancelled
“India is elated!
A day without precedence.
It is our way of paying homage to Sardar Patel’s aspirations through this award for National Integration.
Subsequently, during Indo-Pak Wars of 1965 and 1971, a large number of families were displaced from Chhamb Niabat area of Jammu & Kashmir.
However, most of these chemicals are imported from other countries.
Through all these efforts, in the last two and a half years, we have brought into the open nearly 1 lakh 25 thousand crore rupees of black money belonging to the corrupt.
Every bank provides online banking facility.
The land is presently in possession of National Seeds Corporation (NSC), a Central Public Sector Enterprise (CPSE) under the administrative control of the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare.
Our capacities and needs in the fields of vocational, technical and professional education complement each other, and can benefit both our people.
Other Dignitaries on the dais
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
When I go to bed at night I would have completed my visit to five states today.
Japanese companies have much to gain by participating in our flagship development initiatives.
Six groups of young CEOs made presentations before the PM on themes such as Make in India; Doubling Farmers’ Income; World Class Infrastructure; Cities of Tomorrow; Reforming the Financial Sector; and New India by 2022.
But we have to work harder to rebuild Kerala.
My dear countrymen, on 1st February 2017, Indian Coast Guard is completing 40 years.
He said this had not been thought of in India for a quite a while.
No country can afford any longer to develop in isolation.
At times a question arises in the minds of people’s as to what I achieved through Mann Ki Baat.
Our economy is on the Move.
Government is also working for modernity of villages.
The Prime Minister said that public movements for development require a meeting of minds in the core team.
(ii). A navigational Lock is already in operation at Farakka under the control of Farakka Barrage Project (FBP) since 1987.
The Prime Minister’s arrival at the venue will be preceded by a day-long workshop on start-up entrepreneurship, which shall include panel discussions on various aspects of the subject.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to Revised Cost Estimate (RCE) of Rs. 4020.63 crore for the ongoing 720 MW Mangadechhu Hydroelectric Project (HEP) in Bhutan.
Ms. Rakiya Edderham, Secretary of State in charge of Foreign Trade in the Ministry of Industry, Investment, Trade and Digital Economy of the Kingdom of Morocco called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Let me start with the financial reforms.
As per the existing procedures, FDI applications involving investments from Countries of Concern, requiring security clearance as per the extant FEMA 20, FDI Policy and security guidelines, amended from time to time, are to be processed by the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) for investments falling under automatic route sectors/activities, while cases pertaining to government approval route sectors/activities requiring security clearance are to be processed by the respective Administrative Ministries/Departments, as the case may be.
“Today people across India are celebrating various festivals.
Let us see the strength in the arms of my executioner)
By 2022, how will Indian PSUs minimize the country’s import bill?
He also mentioned the Atal Innovation Mission, Skill India and Start Up India.
India is undertaking project assistance for a flagship Techno-park project in Ramallah.
The Prime Minister said that many people were describing the 21st century as Asia’s century.
He said that this ‘Panchteerth’ is the today’s generation’s way of paying homage to Dr. Ambedkar.
Strength of the India-USA strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Selvi J Jayalalithaa.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
In all our endeavours, we are aware that effective healthcare, especially for womenand children, is best organized through convergent action.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Youth Affairs and Sports, Col. RajyavardhanRathore, was present on the occasion.
In the year 2015-16, Bonds worth Rs. 99,541 crore were floated by the participating States to clear 50% of the outstanding debt of States and outstanding CPSU dues in Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, a lot of importance has been given to the development of Gujarat.
Friends, you have selected a very appropriate subject to study.
30. New India will be the biggest strength of democracy.
We have found a simple but very effective solution: by neem-coating the fertiliser, it becomes unsuitable for diversion.
You should think of a greater purpose in life.
The per capita plastic consumption in India is much lower than in many parts of the developed world.
vi. Apart from the above, the ASA also has the provisions relating to Revocation or Suspension of Operating Authorization, Principles governing operations of agreed services, commercial opportunities, safety related clause etc. that were incorporated in the line of Indian model ASA.
Wherever such Tinkering Labs are established in schools, those would be given 10 Lakh rupees and further 10 Lakh rupees will be provided for maintenance during the period of five years.
India was one of the leaders of the international movement for freedom in this country.
They agreed to stay in regular touch.
I also look forward to the conclusion of the Chahbahar Agreement during my visit.
Under this MoU, a Joint Working Group (JWG) will be set up to strategize and implement programmes on cooperation under the framework of the MoU.
He was confined to a very small cell.
It was decided to be closed down in January, 2016 with offer of attractive VRS/VSS to all their employees.
To encouraging cooperation between tourism stakeholders including Hotels and Tour Operators 4.
It means that we have carried out the work of doubling of railway tracks twice as fast.
We have now launched a programme where each branch of each bank that is a total of 125,000 bank branches will assist one Dalit or a Scheduled Tribe person and one woman in starting a business.
It was a universal quest for liberty, dignity, equality and opportunity for every human being.
Recalling their last meeting during the State Visit of President Mirziyoyev to India held on 30 September-1 October, 2018, Prime Minister expressed his satisfaction on progress and implementation of various decisions taken during the State Visit.
There is ample evidence that practicing yoga helps combat stress and chronic lifestyle-related conditions.
Of late, a lot of research has been undertaken in Yoga.
On Sunday 10th July I will be in Tanzania for a brief but crucial visit to give an impetus to ties with Tanzania, a valued friend in Africa.
He mentioned several other Government initiatives in this regard.
If they want to follow rules, we should encourage them, and lovingly help them cross over.
Last week has been a sad week for Belgium.
I still remember as explained by Nitin Bhai that when I had started Sauni Scheme in Haimu, Gadhvi Hol and Rajkot then I had explained it to everyone by making a power point presentation.
And, when they embrace diversity at home, they seek an inclusive world outside.
I also welcome the Automatic Exchange of Information initiative, and look forward to collective action to implement it.
Today’s event is also a joyful occasion for the team of Indian and Russian engineers, scientists and technicians.
Societies across the world have developed this enormous wealth through wisdom gathered over the ages.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the 21st century will be shaped by societies that accord topmost importance to education, research, and innovation.
It does not matter, whether I came here without office or I come now as a Prime Minister of India.
Expressing happiness at being able to interact with the beneficiaries, the Prime Minister said that the Mudra Yojana has become a job multiplier.
This is the first time, that the Prime Minister has addressed such a gathering, at such an event.
They thus expressed their concern.
● But, if you really want the investors to empty their pockets, tell them that you are using “blockchain” .
Democracy was embedded deep in Baba Saheb’s nature and he used to say that India’s democratic values have not been imported from outside.
There are vacations, Diwali is drawing near, all around in our country, there is an inclination to travel to some place or the other; people go as tourists and it is very natural.
Its magnificent shrines include the dargahs of great Sufi saints Mehboob-e-Ilahi and Hazrat Bakhtiyar Kaki, that draw people from all faiths and all corners of the world.
From the memory of our common struggles; and, the tide of our collective hopes;
It will create improved operational efficiency and economies of scale.
Training and scholarship slots for Palestine in leading Indian educational institutions of different sectors such as finance, management, rural development and information technology were recently extended.
There are over 150 Indian companies in Malaysia.
With a view to promote the expansion of port infrastructure and facilitate trade and commerce, the proposed bill aims at decentralizing decision making and to infuse professionalism in governance of ports.
He clears plastic, polythene, used bottles, dry or wet waste – every piece of dirt from Aisa’s biggest lake near Srinagar.
It is a scheme of the Government of India.
These States are, however, under active preparation to implement the NFSA within the next few months.
Let’s come together to make positivity viral.
§ a mechanism for monitoring implementation of its action plans.
I have brought them to you, now it is your job to keep them going.
We are experiencing a feeling of spiritual pleasure by disseminating the words of Yogiji after receiving the same as Prasad .
Africa is now joining the global mainstream of innovation.
I called Chandrakantji face to face.
Ministry of Home Affairs has taken serious note of such incidents of vandalism.
My visit to Singapore will focus on these key areas of India-Singapore cooperation.
a. Support in the civil aviation market by reviewing any legal and procedural issues which may adversely affect cooperation between India and Poland.
He said he was sure of India’s bright future because his vision of India, was the India of Imran Khan who created and gave education apps for free; and of the Sarpanch who had conceived Selfie with India.
Within about 6 months only (around 200 days), we have crossed the 5000 mark.
The MoU will facilitate promotion of science & technology, strong foundation to the collaborative work through exchange of students, teachers, researchers and scientists between India and Russia.
To revolutionize the connectivity in India and introduce the High Speed Rail, India and Japan are cooperating to construct the Mumbai Ahmedabad High Speed Rail (MAHSR).
To address the issue of road safety and to improve the facilitation of the citizens while dealing with transport departments, Ministry of Road Transport & Highways constituted a Group of Transport Ministers (GoM) of the States.
In our country, like the toiling farmers, our scientists are also achieving success on many fronts to take our country to new heights.
The Rajasthan Refinery will be the State’s first.
Management and Livelihoods [Himachal Pradesh]
He also informed that in the last 55 months there has been no dearth of funds for development.
3) We will take forward the political process, in accordance with democratic traditions.
I went to the school, the foundation of which had been laid by none other than respected Baba Saheb himself.
We have gathered at a very auspicious time.
Later in the day, the Prime Minister took to the social networking platform Twitter, to share his photographs with each player, with words of encouragement for each of them.
India’s scientists have demonstrated this prowess.
Both sides aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues on the basis of mutual benefit equality and reciprocity.
Can we make an effort as a student to learn, understand and try to live as per the traditions, culture, attire, eating habits and beliefs of different states, different societies, different groups of our country?
We will also continue to work towards a stronger bilateral framework of economic cooperation, including the Bilateral Investment Treaty and Totalisation Agreement.
PM makes a strong pitch for investment in India at roundtable meeting with business leaders.
They also agreed to promote public-private partnerships to support all aspects of cyber security.
Prime Minister Modi called upon the BIMSTEC Member States to come together to counter common security threats, such as terrorism; extremism and radicalization; drugs, arms and human trafficking; and natural disasters.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited Siachen avalanche survivor, Lance Naik Hanumanthappa, in hospital.
This is the first airport in the Himalayan State, and the 100th airport in the country.
They did nothing in their full tenure but at the eleventh hour, offered a farm loan.
It is our endeavor to see that these petro-chemicals are manufactured in India itself.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and President Vladimir Putin of Russia exchanged warm greetings for the Year 2019 in a telephonic conversation today.
With each Southeast Asian country, we have growing political, economic and defence ties.
“Had an excellent meeting with MP CM @ChouhanShivraj.
1. Do you think that black money exists in India? a.
We continue to work with all parties and states to introduce a system that benefits all Indians and promotes a vibrant and unified national market.
(iv) For rationalizing/introducing the processing fees payable to the PLIs for the loans sanctioned under these schemes;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Mizoram and Meghalaya tomorrow where he will inaugurate various development projects.
The Prime Minister warmly recalled the State Visit of President Macron to India in March 2018, as well as their recent interaction on the sidelines of the G-20 Summit in Argentina.
And, we have agreed to strengthen strategic communication and expand convergences.
Amma has pledged to contribute one hundred crore rupees towards sanitation efforts in Kerala.
Mrs. Parly briefed the Prime Minister about developments in bilateral defence cooperation.
This digital infrastructure provides the backbone for innovative IT solutions for service delivery, and innovative applications.
Bond markets must become a source of long term infrastructure finance.
Have you ever visited Israel?
Just as it once came to India, today Sufism from India has spread across the world.
• This MoU shall enable the following areas of cooperation such as, space science, technology and applications including remote sensing of the earth; satellite based navigation; Space science and planetary exploration; use of spacecraft and space systems and ground system; and application of space technology.
Prime Minister Cameron offered to support Prime Minister Modi achieve his goal of preparing young Indians for the 21st Century.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters in this hour of grief and sadness.
The foundation of good knowledge should be followed by a super-structure of a better society.
He described Varanasi and Poorvanchal as a hub of handicrafts, and art.
The Government is firmly committed to the path of fiscal consolidation.
Thousands of our innocent people have lost their lives.
We also agreed to enhance our coordination within the G20.
North Eastern Region (NER) in India is rich in flora and fauna.
The Train will cover the distance between New Delhi and Varanasi in 8 hours and will run on all days except Mondays and Thursdays.
“India is proud of a strong and valiant Navy, that has always risen to the occasion to protect our Nation.
All of us need to pursue policies that provide a stable macro economy, enhance growth and further inclusion.
In 1965 he led from the front and was a key source of strength for the Nation”, the Prime Minister.
We will discuss some global issues and issues relating to India, particularly on the economy and society.
He is a prolific scholar and public policy maker.
I will be part of a Townhall Q&A at the Facebook HQ along with Mr. Mark Zuckerberg.
The thoughts and ideals of Bapu have the power to help us overcome the menace of terrorism and climate change, two challenges humanity faces in these times, said the Prime Minister.
My thoughts are with bereaved families.
We want, and will encourage, industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
This policy also provides for marketing freedom for crude oil and natural gas produced from these blocks.
“I had not cast my vote … that day I did not go and vote … and as a result, my Country has borne the brunt “.
Women in Manipur can get huge benefit from this.
Both leaders reaffirmed the strength and closeness of the multifaceted strategic partnership between India and Afghanistan.
Villages provide all happiness as well as food to all like women just as an easy life poem.
He said that as we burn Ravana every year, we should all resolve to remove the ills from ourselves, our social structures and our nation.
But this month is also very special to all of us because of the festival of Holi.
The country will observe Guru Nahak Dev Ji’s 550th birth anniversary in a grand way, its soothing colours will not only spread in India alone but will get sprinkled the world over.
You all are welcome to the Winter Session.
With this grave imbalance a society can not move further.
At a large public meeting in Jujwa village of Valsad district, the Prime Minister will witness the collective e-Gruhpravesh of beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana (Gramin) – a flagship scheme of the Union Government which envisions “Housing for All.”
Hence, during examinations too, an atmosphere of festivity should be created in the whole family, amongst friends and around the neighbourhood.
The Bill had been examined by the Standing Committee of Parliament which had made a number of recommendations for changing the provisions of the Bill.
Narmada Seva Yatra is an excellent mass movement to protect the Narmada and conveys a larger message of saving the environment as well.
It is true that the more we give prominence to good things, the less space there will be for bad things.
Thus, every person of this country was involved in this movement.
But, you must be aware that during the 1965-war, Lal bahadur Shastri Ji was leading us and then also similar feelings of rage, anger and patriotic fervour were sweeping the nation.
President Tran Dai Quang lauded the organising of the “Viet Nam Days in India” on this occasion which concluded successfully the Year of Friendship.
Reviewing the Food Park Scheme, the Prime Minister called for a comprehensive evaluation of the benefits from the Parks that have already been completed.
Addressing the Inaugural Ceremony of National Youth Festival 2018 at the Gautam Buddha University, Greater Noida, the Prime Minister began by congratulating ISRO on the successful launch of PSLV-C40.
• Additional Income to Farmers: By adopting 2G technologies, agricultural residues/waste which otherwise are burnt by the farmers can be converted to ethanol and can fetch a price for these waste if a market is developed for the same.
13. Commend the role of Lead Countries for the progress made in the respective sectors, as annexed to this declaration, and encourage them to accelerate their efforts to make further progress.
The Drishyakala- Exhibition on Indian Art showcases Indian art works from 16th century till India’s independence.
State Governments must act tough on those inciting violence in the name of Cow protection
And in a way a mini India resides here.
He said a new chapter in Agriculture Marketing Reform is being added in this programme, with the e-marketing portal for organic products.
Appreciating Dada Vaswani’s thoughts on “Making the Right Choice,” the Prime Minister said that if people resolve to make the right choice, evils such as corruption, casteism, drug-abuse, crime etc., can be overcome.
The Jallianwallah Bagh incident reminds us of the sacrifices made by the brave hearts and is an inspiration to us.
Despite today being a Sunday, you have taken out time for us.
May this state, the land of natural beauty and bravery, attain even more prosperity in the years to come.
The SCO has a rich agenda for cooperation, ranging from fighting terrorism, separatism and extremism to promoting cooperation in connectivity, commerce, customs, law, health and agriculture; protecting the environment and mitigating disaster risk; and fostering people-to-people relations.
He said that as a result of the discussions in this Conference over the last few years, now, once an objective is clearly defined for the police force, there is a lot of cohesion in the execution.
National Centre for Medium Range Weather Forecasting under Ministry of Earth Sciences (ESSO-NCMRWF) is focusing on the development of the seamless UM system for predicting/simulating monsoon from days to season under the National Monsoon Mission programme of ESSO-MoES.
Going a step ahead of port development, we are working on port-led development.
I have been overwhelmed by the love and affection, which were showered on me.
Many of you are going to be tense about them.
Power, New and Renewable Energy – Rs. 11708 crore This includes augmentation of power infrastructure and distribution systems; solar power; small hydro projects.
Thread of length 10 kilometres has been used in the same.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
There may be differences in their approach but the Indian and Israeli businessmen whom I know have told me that both have similar scientific temperament.
This cooperation currently pursued under agency level (ISRO- Indonesian National Institute of Aeronautics and Space -LAPAN) MoUs signed in 1997 and 2002.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
The Prime Minister interacted with soldiers, sailors and airmen on board INS Vikramaditya.
Unautorized use of vehicles without licence
The PM said that his government is making every effort to make life easy and better for every citizen of India.
I have just completed the India-ASEAN Summit.
Our government has taken several steps to improve the business environment.
The discussion focused on areas such as macro-economy, trade, monetary policy, competitiveness, productivity and energy, with ideas from global research.
• Promote an integrated global gas market.
It has opened up new opportunities for youth, women and those who wanted to start or expand their businesses.
I salute Ekta Bhyanji, Yogesh Qathuniaji and Sundar Singh Ji, all of you for your fortitude and passion, and congratulate you!
Highlighting the Indian Space Program, Prime Minister said that it is an example of innovation with quality.
Its implemntation is now underway.
An average oil yield of 4-5 tonnes/ hectare has been recorded with oil palm against the highest oil yield of 1.3 tonnes/ hectare from rapeseed.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Australia for Cooperation in the Disability Sector.
Once this Expressway is complete, Delhi will be connected via Expressway, to several major towns and cities of the State of Uttar Pradesh, from Noida in the west, to Ghazipur in the east.
My dear countrymen, April 14 is the birth anniversary of Dr. Baba Saheb Ambedkar.
Not providing way for emergency vehicles
The Prime Minister responded at length to various questions raised by the delegation members.
Thematic presentations were made to the Prime Minister on subjects such as corporate governance, human resource management, financial re-engineering, innovations and technology, and Vision 2022 for New India.
The allotment of land will benefit the Madhya Pradesh Government for construction of its State Guest House with all modern facilities keeping in view their present and future requirements.
We are also one of the largest contributors of troops to UN Peace Keeping Operations.
199 gold medals, 199 silver medals and 275 bronze medals are at stake in the Khelo India School Games.
The honest tax payers gain good fortune because the poor get to eat from the taxpayers’ money.
Speaking on the occasion, he urged people to send their messages to soldiers on Diwali.
We have helped the neighbouring countries by successfully launching SAARC Satellite.
We will have another opportunity to talk a lot.
Six Railway projects inaugurated to enhance connectivity 15 Km
The world will be a better place when we can experience the real wealth of Afghan people in their diversity and rich heritage.
Come what may, we shall not retract from the path of honesty, as we all have seen how they have corroded and ruined the nation.
After all I am also a human being just like you.
The world cup was successfully organized and all the teams performed their best.
In course of his review today, the Prime Minister reviewed grievances related to the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
Congratulating the people of India on this occasion, the Prime Minister described INS Kalvari as a prime example of “Make in India.”
It was decided that Shri Keshubhai Patel would continue as Chairman of the Trust for the year 2017.
It will have the original verses of Bhagwad Gita along with commentary.
35. To address the threat of chemical and biological terrorism, we support and emphasise the need for launching multilateral negotiations on an international convention for the suppression of acts of chemical and biological terrorism, including at the Conference on Disarmament.
In 2001, the Cabinet approved some amendment to the policy.
NSC will provide 400 hectares of un-cultivable land, out of the 5394 hectares under its possession to the identified CPSE, which will bear the costs relating to the installation of the Solar Power Plant.
This I liked the most.
We will work with all, most of all with ASEAN, to reach an early conclusion to Regional Comprehnsive Economic Partnership.
I dedicated that cap to the museum itself, for visitors to see and be inspired with the spirit of patriotism.
vi) Communicable Disease Control & Surveillance;
What should be done by the Civil Society?
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andhra Pradesh tomorrow (October 22nd, 2015).
A New dedicated DD Channel, for Arunachal Pradesh – DD Arun Prabha was launched by PM at IG Park, Itanagar.
Twelve walls have been utilized for murals and paintings.
We can turn it into an occasion of imbibing good values.
Union Minister Shri Piyush Goyal, and senior officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and other Ministries were present during the meeting.
Post-Independence, more than 22,500 soldiers have made the supreme sacrifice in national interests and in defence of the sovereignty and integrity of the country.
1. Accruals into the proposed non-lapsable fund will be made available for expansion of secondary education and higher education.
He said Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities are becoming growth engines, and enhanced aviation connectivity between them will be beneficial.
iv. The designated Airline of each party can enter into cooperative marketing arrangements with the designated carriers of same party, other party and third country,
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will interact with over 100 MUDRA beneficiaries from across the country at a function in the capital tomorrow.
On the AMRUT Mission, the Prime Minister asked officials to quantify and document the gains achieved through the use of latest technology, such as LED bulbs, so that the benefits could be better appreciated by one and all.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government has resolved to double farmer incomes, and Madhya Pradesh has prepared a good vision document in this regard.
This MoU lays down the basis and other conditions for cooperation between ICCR and UJ in establishment and functioning of the ICCR Chair for Hindi language in UJ.
In the course of his interaction with media after the Joint Press Statement, the Prime Minister said India cannot tolerate any incident which violates the fundamental values of society.
A large number of Self Help Groups are also benefiting through credit linkages by North Eastern Development Financial Institution with the component of interest subsidy being provided by Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region.
Background:
The Prime Minister recalled that the Union Government had also fulfilled its pledge of providing One Rank, One Pension to the soldiers and ex-servicemen.
We have liberalised our FDI regime in most of the areas and in all possible ways.
The total installed capacity of the Plants will be 7000 MW.
Engaging with beneficiaries, Prime Minister said that PMAY has created employment opportunities for all.
It is expected to generate employment and train human resources in advanced technologies.
The Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana (PM-KISAN) was announced in the interim Budget 2019-20 on February 1, 2019.
Life seems to be impossible without festivals but these have to be moulded according to the needs of the changing times.
The Constitutional Amendment on Goods and Services Tax had remained pending for years.
The Prime Minister also suggested excavations of areas to establish various missing historic links.
After the collapse of Khmer Rouge regime, India was the first country to recognize the new government in 1981.
The approved amendments will give boost to the manufacturing sector and facilitate ease of doing business with an aim to enhance employment opportunities.
Thank you, Excellency, for your warm remarks and generous welcome.
The project has been undertaken with French collaboration.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today handed over the “Chaadar” to be offered at Dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti, Ajmer Sharif, to the Minister of Minority Affairs, Shri Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi.
As in India, we will increase focus on technology to transform the lives of the weakest in the remotest parts of Africa. .
This enables genuine beneficiaries to get what they deserve while eliminating those who are not eligible.
We can’t let climate change keep affecting people in this manner.
The Nagaland GB Federation is a body of Gaon Burahs (village chieftains) of all the Naga villages.
Translating a thought into reality was his forte’.
The Prime Minister recalled that when Atal ji first formed the Government at the Centre, no one was willing to offer support, and the Government fell in 13 days.
Come on, the whole world is coming to play on Indian soil, let us make sports a part of our lives.
It also has immense strategic importance.
During the address, the Prime Minister spoke of the contributions of the Indian Origin Tamil community to Sri Lanka, and the long shared heritage between India and Sri Lanka.
To this end, both leaders further reaffirmed to promote interaction between Indian and Japanese defence industries and relevant authorities, and also welcomed the commencement of the cooperative research in the area of Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV) and Robotics.
From time to time thereafter, Government has been issuing notifications with the approval of the Cabinet, amending/keeping in abeyance the operation of the 2002 Order, whenever there is any abnormal price rise in any of the specified food commodities, for certain period.
President and I agreed on the need to increase the scope and scale of our economic engagement, especially trade and investment traffic.
We understand the benefits of connectivity.
He said this would be similar to the growth achieved by the telecom sector some years ago.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Tajikistan on Cooperation on Youth Matters.
In the medals chart, our tally was only two medals.
Their poetry, their music, their love has soaked the very earth.
Just as India will learn from others, we will share our experience and expertise with the world.
I have specially asked the gynecologists whether they could offer their services free on the 9th of every month, for the sake of under privileged mothers!
Congratulations for hosting a very successful 7th BRICS Summit.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi called Mr Ibrahim Mohamed Solih and congratulated him on his victory in the Presidential elections held in Maldives yesterday.
Chancellor Merkel, your leadership is a source of confidence and reassurance at a difficult moment for Europe and the world.
We are encouraging foreign and domestic investors to set up high quality and efficient manufacturing facilities.
TRAI had recommended revision in the existing limits of cap for spectrum holding taking into consideration the technological advancement, efficient use of spectrum, measures to facilitate consolidation etc.
However, the claims which were denied as a result of retrospective Notification will be now settled as per direction of the Supreme Court in the CA No. 554 of 2006.
The NM-ICPS is a comprehensive Mission which would address technology development, application development, human resource development & skill enhancement, entrepreneurship and start-up development in CPS and associated technologies.
This time the level of engagement has been scaled up significantly and we have invited Leaders from all 54 African countries and the African Union.
Silence and inaction against terrorism in Afghanistan and our region will only embolden terrorists and their masters.
And this is an opportunity to inspire people to sow seeds for creating a new history.
· Our minds are able to empower the hands;
They also emphasized the expected growth in energy demand in India, and the significant progress made in electrification and LPG expansion.
The newly included coin of Rs.20, will be a 12 sided coin with no serrations.
A nation of over 800 million youth knows that their future will be secured not just by the scale of India’s economy, but also by the depth of global engagement.
Flying Officer Avni is from Rewa in Madhya Pradesh, Flying Officer Bhawana is from Begusarai in Bihar and Flying Officer Mohana is from Vadodara in Gujarat.
“I will visit Xiamen, China for the 9th BRICS Summit from 3-5 September 2017.
I once again extend my heartiest congratulations and best wishes to the young generation of our country, especially our daughters.
I am also convinced that India can move forward if all the regions develop including the North East region.
My visit to the Republic of Korea is reflective of the importance we both attach to our relationship.
Who can forget BhagwanBirsaMunda who struggled hard against the British Empire to save their own forest land.
To the ever-lasting friendship between India and Japan,
This Summit is being held at a critical juncture and together, we will discuss the pressing security issues.
Framework Cooperation Program between Invest India of the Republic of India and Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Enhancing Bilateral Investment Relations
The Productivity Linked Bonus on Railway covers all non-gazetted railway employees (excluding RPF/RPSF personnel) who are spread over the entire country.
The Contact Group on Trade and Economic Issues and Business Council should prepare a Work Plan for implementation of the Strategy in a time-bound manner.
It will also pave way for better, faster and cheaper transportation for people in Tamil Nadu.
I will also have occasion to visit the world famous State Hermitage Museum and the Institute of Oriental manuscripts.
CLMV countries namely Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam have a unique position in the regional value chains and offer a gateway for market access to China/EU and other markets due to various trade agreements.
CPS will indeed bring a paradigm shift in entire skill sets requirement.
§ an action plan with specific activities, milestones, and timeliness for achievement of the objective of rejuvenation and protection of River Ganga,
It will become a case study for universities across the world.
Under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme 5.5 Cr. person days have been sanctioned in the labour budget 2018-19.
Since ancient times, we have seen humanity as part of Nature, not superior to it.
The Prime Minister in his address to the nation on 31.12.2016 had announced Pan-India implementation of Maternity Benefit Program.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh, on their Statehood Day.
In 1941, Mahatma Gandhi started penning down a few thoughts in the shape of a constructive Programme.
It can be MSME or export sector or a part of our non-formal economy.
The common components amounting to Rs.1013.11 crore of balance works would be funded by the Central Government as a grant from PMKSY Fund.
The Bill aims to strengthen and streamline the current framework of deposit insurance for the benefit of a large number of retail depositors.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today granted ex-post facto approval to the proposal for undertaking cadre review of the Indian Postal Service.
This will address the R&D requirements of the automotive industry, full-fledged testing and homologation centres.
The composition of the Governing Board is broad based with due representations from the Government, domain experts, etc.
The review meeting, which lasted for about four and a half hours, was attended by top officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and all infrastructure Ministries of the Government of India.
The scope of our special strategic and global partnership is not confined to bilateral or regional levels only.
Irrigation from the project is expected to benefit about 10 lakh farmers, and drinking water to be supplied to various villages and towns, is likely to benefit upto 4 crore people.
MOU between the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-in), Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Republic of India and the Department of Information Communications Technology of the Republic of Seychelles on Cooperation in the area of Cyber Security
Volume, scale and complexity of emerging applications demand continued evolution of new technologies for the foreseeable future.
Several major Danish companies are also present in Gujarat in shipping and renewable energy sectors.
The launch event is aimed at celebrating the entrepreneurship spirit of country’s youth, and will be attended by CEOs and founders of top Start-ups from across the country and abroad.
(vii). Traditional and; complementary Medicine;
More and more people are transacting digitally.
It is of particular importance to women.
The Government has launched several new initiatives in the employment related schemes and also in the manner in which the training is imparted for the development of human resource according to the needs of the 21st century.
I compliment the state for their commitment towards implementation of all aspects of the Revised National TB Control Program.
Gurbachan Singh ji had told the bride’s parents that the marriage would be performed in a solemn manner.
Both sides reviewed the preparations for the CoP-21 conference in Paris.
We have the greatest admiration for Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina’s firm resolve in dealing with terrorism.
Every day, they can write one simple sentence in their language of publication, along with its translation, and trans-literation, in all major Indian languages.
He added that if we do not protect and nurture our rivers, mankind will be the loser.
He went to Bengal in October 1873, where, in addition to carrying out his duties in a succession of government posts until 1898, he devoted much time to language research.
And it is nice to see all sorts of new innovations.
This has given them a dignified life”.
I am happy to note that the India-Israel Innovation and Technology Conclave is going to be held in India in July 2018.
It is not just a question of historical responsibility.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the increase in the carpet area of houses eligible for interest subsidy under the Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme (CLSS) for the Middle Income Group (MIG) under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban).
Nine such presentations are envisaged this time.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved MoU on passenger cruise services on the coastal and protocol routes between India and Bangladesh for starting regular movement of passengers and tourists in water crafts between the two countries.
In our meeting last year, President and I had also agreed to accord close and personal supervision of the implementation of our decisions.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for establishment of Rashtriya Kamdhenu Aayog for Conservation protection and development of cows and their progeny.
Sixth, Technology and innovation are the foundations of the next generation of global growth and transformation.
He encouraged the State to come up with a model plan.
Ms. Julie Bishop MP, Foreign Minister of Australia called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
He recalled Mahatma Gandhi’s “Constructive Programme”, published in 1945, where rural sanitation was an important subject.
For the community programme at Wembley Stadium in London, I had made a similar request and the experience was wonderful.
Over 2 million persons of Indian origin reside in Malaysia.
This navigation device not only provides details of fishing zones but also provides weather related warnings to the fishermen.
Many new nations were born.
Pranab Da always puts India’s interest above everything.
The students showed keen interest in Digital India.
The Prime Minister said that the 21st century is the century of knowledge, and the country which focused on knowledge and innovation would lead the world in this century.
The Centre has already been established by an executive order of the Government of India in November, 2008 after the approval by the Union Cabinet.
We are all aware of Mahatma Gandhi’s Doctrine of Trusteeship.
The framework has an appropriate balance of collective action: Equity and Common but differentiated responsibility and respective capabilities.
He said this march of Eastern India, from isolation, to integration, would give strength to “Rising India.”
You must send photographs on # incredibleindia.
I have always considered my engagements with you extremely useful.
Next year, both countries will be celebrating 25 years of the establishment of full diplomatic relations.
1. The NNM, as an apex body, will monitor, supervise, fix targets and guide the nutrition related interventions across the Ministries.
Their sustainable use can bring prosperity; and, give us clean energy, new medicines and food security beyond just fisheries.
4. Further, the two countries will work towards establishing an India-Japan Business Platform to enhance the exchanges between Indian and Japanese businesses toward developing industrial corridors and industrial network in the region.
It is a great pleasure to begin the year in the company of leaders of science and technology from India and the world.
I was in Abu Dhabi yesterday and have signed several agreements.
We’ll have to make it part of our life, our being.
Laxmikutty is a teacher in Kallar and still resides in a hut made of palm leaves in a tribal tract amidst dense forests.
Talking about the potential of Yoga, Prime Minister said that Yoga has a solution to most of the problems faced by people, as individuals as well as a society.
Singapore, an urbanized city-state, is ready to partner India on this journey and help develop urban solutions based on our own experience.
It is alive and responsive to emerging opportunities and challenges in Asia-Pacific.
At that point, only 10 minutes were left in the game.
Maha-Shivratri celebrations go on for the entire night.
I am very grateful to you for your contribution.
Confidence of investors was at a low.
ii. MMRDA will hand over the 40 acres of land at Gorai after leveling, grading and demarcating the boundary in all respects.
He also commended the efforts of the Maharashtra Government towards Swacchh Bharat activities.
These measures will also benefit our banks.
Roundtable for Opportunities in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) Education & Research in India
It will provide all weather connectivity to Tawang Valley and reduce the travel time to Tawang by an hour.
The new scheme envisages self-nomination and was inspired by recent innovations in major national awards.
He also laid the Foundation Stone for Shore Protection Work near Mus Jetty, and Extension of Campbell Bay Jetty.
Hence we have brought in skill development for all.
Prime Minister renewed the offer of all possible help and assistance to Sri Lanka for ensuring its security against the challenges such as those posed by terrorism.
Out of these, 44% of start-ups registered are from Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities as Start-Up India is focussing on encouraging local innovations from their areas.
India completed the first round of accreditation of 23 Sending Organisations in March 2018 that are recognized by the Organization for Technical Intern Training (OTIT) of Japan for accepting interns under the MoC on TITP.
Under the new regime, the Government will not be concerned with the cost incurred and will receive a share of the gross revenue from the sale of oil, gas etc.
Thirdly, he sought the role of private participation in the distribution of gas sector.
Addressing the gathering, Prime Minister congratulated the people of Maharashtra for making the state Open Defecation Free.
In this year’s budget we are giving a big relief to MSMEs by reducing rate of income tax to 25% on companies reporting a turn-over of up to Rs. 250 crore.
“Today, on Labour Day we salute the determination and hard work of countless workers who play a big role in India’s progress.
His simplicity and humility were noteworthy.
Mr. Modi said that India is now confident of finding its own solutions to the problems it faces and this he said is a sign of a New India which is confident and capable of taking issues head on and resolving them.
In individual households, festivals and cleanliness are linked together.
They stressed the importance of converting lab research to commercial applications.
An India which leads the world in clean energy,
Tamil is an official language here.
In this context, I extend hearty greetings to F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
In the last two years,we have moved towards a low tax regimeon the corporate side.
Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan(NYKS); National Youth Corps (NYC); National Programme for Youth & Adolescent Development (NPYAD); International Cooperation; Youth Hostels (YH); Assistance to Scouting & Guiding Organizations; National Discipline Scheme (NDS); and National Young Leaders Programme (NYLP).
We believe that respecting Freedom of Navigation and adhering to international norms is essential for peace and economic growth in the larger and inter-linked marine geography of the Indo-Pacific.
When the sun sets, tens of millions of homes in India and Africa become dark.
However, lease deed could not be executed due to non-clearance from the Central Pollution Control Board on environmental grounds and the newsprint mill could not be established.
We have established closer relations and security cooperation in West Asia and Gulf, even as we have revived our close relations with Iran.
I am well aware of the legal and procedural obstacles and differences in evidentiary standards that hinder Asset Recovery.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of Saudi Arabia for Cooperation in the Field of Housing
(Good Evening Friends)
The Prime Minister suggested that there should be a common school syllabus on environmental subjects across the world, both in developed and developing countries, so that the younger generation grows up with common goals in the battle against climate change.
The Prime Minister expressed appreciation for the progress being made on hydro-electric projects in Bhutan.
I am happy to note that the target for Ujjawala has been enhanced from 5 crore families to 6 crore families.
In April, a two-day informal Summit with President Xi helped us cement our understanding that strong and stable relations between our two nations are an important factor for global peace and progress.
The Prime Minister recalled the establishment of International Solar Alliance as a landmark achievement in global efforts against Climate Change, and conveyed his appreciation for French support to this initiative.
Top CEOs and officials from Rosneft, BP, Reliance, Saudi Aramco, Exxon Mobil, Royal Dutch Shell, Vedanta, Wood MacKenzie, IHS Markit, Schlumberger, Halliburton, Xcoal, ONGC, IndianOil, GAIL, Petronet LNG, Oil India, HPCL, Delonex Energy, NIPFP, International Gas Union, World Bank, and International Energy Agency were present at the meeting.
The Policy recognizes that India has a well-established TRIPS-compliant legislative, administrative and judicial framework to safeguard IPRs, which meets its international obligations while utilizing the flexibilities provided in the international regime to address its developmental concerns.
He mentioned that there is a healthy competition among States as far as the Swachh Bharat Mission is concerned.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed a large gathering at the swearing-in ceremony of the Council of Ministers of Assam.
Mahindra and Sanghamitra, the worthy children of King Ashoka made their journey from India to Sri Lanka as Dhamma-Doot to spread the biggest gift of Dhamma.
But, I rest assured, we all rest assured, that one of India’s strongest well-wishers Prime Minister Lee is in the driving seat for Singapore and for our bilateral relationship.
(i) MAFF is promoting the development of Global Food Value Chain (GFVC) and organised the India Sub-committee of the Public-Private Council for Promoting GFVC in March 2018.
The Prime Minister asked women to fully utilize the recently launched Pradhan MantriShramMaan-dhanYojana, as it provides financial security during old age.
He said lakhs of rifles will be made from this facility in Amethi, and will strengthen our security forces.
We share a strong bond of democracy and inclusiveness enriched by a vibrant Indian diaspora.
But this year the sweltering heat has spoilt the fun for everybody.
I am thankful to our countrymen for having provided me an opportunity to understand the feelings of the common man.
My thoughts are with her family and admirers in this hour of grief.
Time and again, I have also witnessed a similar spirit in the Indian Parliament, especially in our Upper House.
We can do this in our day to day lives.
The Prime Minister said that Buddhism had further strengthened these bonds of friendship between the two countries.
A promise to extend the advanced space technology for the cause of growth and prosperity of our brothers and sisters in South Asia.
They agree on the need to reform the UN Development System with a view to enhancing its capability in supporting Member States in implementing the 2030 Agenda.
Mentors also collaborate with the School administrators to ensure the ATLs operate in the manner, mandated by AIM.
These 5 Presses will be redeveloped and modernised by monetisation of their surplus land.
3. Strengthening the quality assurance setup in Afghanistan through facilitating knowledge transfer to help implement regime of necessary quality controls and periodic reviews in Afghanistan.
They drew pictures based on their own imaginations.
They supported Africa’s representation in both the permanent and non-permanent membership in the Security Council.
The Prime Minister outlined his vision of Ek Bharat, Shreshth Bharat, which he had first referred to, at the “Run For Unity,” on Sardar Patel’s birth anniversary.
May Goddess Durga shower her blessings on us and enrich our lives with joy and prosperity.
I understand that an encouraging response has been received to the bidding process with several global companies participating.
The success of this programme is due to those little children.
He noted that decisions taken in the Doha Round and Bali Ministerial Meeting are yet to be implemented.
The Prime Minister highlighted the various initiatives taken by the Union Government to curb the menace of drug addiction.
This is because:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the courage and indomitable spirit of Indian Armed Forces, on Vijay Diwas.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare for the poor.
As UN Peacekeepers, they are bringing glory to the nation in the comity of nations.
Spending is carefully scrutinized, and chances of good results are maximized.
The draft bill provides for the constitution of a National Commission with three autonomous boards entrusted with conducting overall education of Homoeopathy by Homoeopathy Education Board.
Compared to last year, the total sales of Khadi & Handicrafts have risen almost by 90%.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to remember, and keep in touch with the various Gurus, mentors and teachers, who have guided them right from childhood.
The High Courts of Bombay and Madras were named after the cities in which they were located.
The one who forgives is valiant.
Similarly, success stories of young innovators & entrepreneurs are women beautifully on yourstory.com.
He said that national interest now guides India’s foreign policy.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for the technical and financial help given to India, for this project.
The Prime Minister also released a booklet on “National Policy on Biofuels 2018.”
But that does not mean that I’m implying that you don’t have to study at all.
We will strengthen our cooperation with European Union in developing Smart Cities and upgrading urban infrastructure.
I have just paid my first visit to Indonesia, India’s neighbour 90 nautical miles close, and not 90 nautical miles apart.
I look forward to meeting President Macron and have discussions on issues of mutual interest.
Certain separatist elements are trying to take advantage of this time and disturb the peace in Kashmir, and unnecessarily disrupt the lives of peace-loving citizens.
Whatever we eat is linked only to this soil.
He was re-elected as Chief Minister on 3rd June, 2002 and served till 2nd February, 2005.
Next year will mark the 70th anniversary of India-Belgium diplomatic ties.
More proposals from North East States are welcome.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, addressed the India-Italy Technology Summit at New Delhi.
1. I am delighted to be here again amidst such a large and distinguished gathering of political and business leaders.
The lighting is dual mode, viz. diffused for general illumination and personal for every seat.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Shri CS Shivalli.
He said that if they did so, they could go a long way in furthering the cause of governance.
Distinguished dignitaries on the dais,
It also provides for cooperation in soil conservation and water management, integrated nutrients management, seed technology and agricultural marketing.
Friends, The government has been paying full attention for strengthening the social infrastructure of the country along with the strengthening of physical infrastructure related to important sectors like rail-road and electricity.
Friends, dreams of making it big in life is a good thing, it is good to have some purpose in life, and you must achieve your goals.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi spoke on the telephone with Mr. Pravind Kumar Jugnauth a short while ago to congratulate him on his assumption of office as the Prime Minister of Mauritius.
There has also been tremendous growth in the FDI inflows in the last 3 years and has now reached to 60 billion US Dollars in 2016-17.
He asked senior officials of the Union Government to collect data from States on the extent of savings achieved.
(iv) Authorizing the Department of Agricultural Research (DARE) on behalf of Government of India in all matters regarding establishment of the Platform.
A few weeks before the Seoul Olympics, an organization called Al-Qaeda was formed.
Yet, many are also without any source of power.
The Chiefs of the Air Force, Army and Navy,
Prime Minister will also attend ‘Mission Innovation’ hosted by the President of United States.
Farmers will thus have to effectively pay only 4% as interest.
Every Indian should have access to good governance and positive results of development.
He said this spiritual consciousness had remained intact through the ages.
Therefore, the Finance Minister, in his budget speech of 2007 proposed an additional cess of 1% on central taxes for secondary and higher education.
As I said in Ufa, its first project should be on clean energy, preferably across all BRICS countries.
I assure you that if you take one step; we will walk two steps for you.
The two Prime Ministers emphasised their shared commitment and support for a stable, secure and successful future for a sovereign, democratic and united Afghanistan.
These lines inspired many young people like Ashfaq Ullah Khan, Bhagat Singh, Chandrashekhar Azad and many others.
Yet, we wanted to achieve this in months, not years that conventional wisdom suggested.
We recently lost 18 brave sons of our country in a terrorist attack in Uri Sector in Jammu and Kashmir.
How many of you get the opportunity to visit your village after every 4 or 5 months?
i. Certification of various vehicle categories, including HEV/EV/Diesel/Gasoline/CNG/LPG etc. as per CMVR-1989.
And if we stick to the same routine, we may perhaps keep facing the same disappointment.
Whether it’s the mistake of the doctor or not, of the hospital or not, the relatives go and set the hospital on fire.
The signing of visa waiver agreement for holders of diplomatic passports was also a step in this direction.
The Prime Minister said that our Saints and Seers taught us to absorb the best of our past and, at the same time look ahead and keep changing with the times.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has exrepressed grief and extended condolences on demise of former Civil Servant TSR Subramanian.
We are also joined together in shaping the international context to support our common pursuits and endeavors.
Seeking to ensure that least cost mass transit mode is selected for public transport, the new policy mandates Alternate Analysis, requiring evaluation of other modes of mass transit like BRTS (Bus Rapid Transit System), Light Rail Transit, Tramways, Metro Rail and Regional Rail in terms of demand, capacity, cost and ease of implementation.
A large majority of the successful Start-ups have been funded by foreign venture funds and many of them are locating outside the country to receive such funding.
For cooperation in the development of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises in both countries and in improving their competitiveness in global markets.
Over the last ten to twelve years, 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes were used less for legitimate transactions, and more for a parallel economy.
At the same time remember, that there are many opportunities in this country.
As we have stood with you in our efforts to rebuild your country, you have guarded and protected our people as your own.
I wish you all a creative and rewarding new year 2019.
I invite you to join us on that journey.
Today, on August Revolution Day, remembering those great men, remembering their sacrifices, penance, and seeking their blessings, let us all get together lead the country by agreeing on a few things – making the country free from all the problems for fulfilment of dreams, power, strength and goal.
He inaugurated the Tarakote Marg and Material Ropeway, of the Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine Board.
We are also working on an ambitious renewable energy programme.
It is heartening to note that the contribution of small and medium scale sector to defence production has grown by 200 percent in the last 4 years.
Not just to see the Sun rise, but also to pray for its light to spread over the entire world.
She was honoured with Kalaimamani award by the Tamil Nadu Government in 1972.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO), India and National Agency for Drug and Food Control (BPOM), Indonesia on cooperation in the field of pharmaceutical products, pharmaceutical substances, biological product and cosmetics regulatory functions.
This reality cannot be wished away.
In this regard, we will enhance collaboration to democratize the system of international relations based on the principles of the rule of law and the central role of the United Nations coordination of world politics.
In addition, 19 incubation centers have been created in various universities and research institutions.
It will be constructed at an estimated cost of Rs 700 crore.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Official amendment to the Rajendra Central Agricultural University Bill, 2015 for change of name from “Rajendra Central Agricultural University” to “Dr. Rajendra Prasad Central Agricultural University”.
Indian participation include majors like Tata, L&T, Kalyani, Bharat Forge, Mahindra, MKU, DRDO, HAL, BEL, BDL, BEML, MDL, GRSE, GSL, HSL, MIDHANI, Ordnance Factories, and many others.
Best wishes.
Our mothers and sisters are an integral unit of our families.
In this context, I am happy to announce a new concessional Line of Credit of 4.5 billion dollars for the implemntation of projects in priority sectors for Bangladesh.
I see Lord Buddha in the 21st Century across national borders, across faith systems, across political ideologies, playing the role of a bridge to promote understanding to counsel patience and to enlighten us with tolerance and empathy.
We continue to strive toward universal energy access, energy security, energy affordability, reduced pollution and environmental conservation.
Your Excellency Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu,
The Cabinet approved the flexibility of using any of the options within this range with a combination of the features of the proposed options in consultation with the Government.
Mohamed Aslam, Minister of National Planning and Infrastructure
My best wishes to all the young people about to begin a new innings.
DEFENCE AND SECURITY
The key words of this great man were, ‘We shall do or die’.
Prime Minister welcomed increased exchanges between the legislatures of both countries.
He will address a public meeting.
Optimal utilization of land and waterfront at the disposal of the Major Ports is of critical importance in this context.
Today, Japan is one of the top investors in India.
While observing Engineers Day, we should think of the future as well.
Chabahar Port lies outside the Persian Gulf in Iran and will help in expanding maritime commerce in the region.
The essential features of the model BIT include an “enterprise” based definition of investment, non-discriminatory treatment through due process, national treatment, protections against expropriation, a refined Investor State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) provision requiring investors to exhaust local remedies before commencing international arbitration, and limiting the power of the tribunal to awarding monetary compensation alone.
In the recent days, one can see a lot of emphasis being laid on Digi-Dhan.
Asia’s re-emergence is the greatest phenomenon of our era.
He urged the convocating youth to follow the example set by Dr. Ambedkar, and try to serve the poor and the downtrodden.
· MoU between Council of Scientific & Industrial Research (CSIR), India and Hiroshima University for research partnerships was signed in October 2018.
This year it has improved substantially.
We are active participants in ASEAN-led institutions like East Asia Summit, A.D.M.M. Plus and A.R.F. We are part of BIMSTEC and Mekong-Ganga Economic Corridor – a bridge between South and Southeast Asia.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of the Election Commission of India to enter into Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on cooperation in the field of electoral management and administration with the Election Management Bodies of other countries/International Agencies.
The Government equity would be Rs.1,000 crore.
However, India has nothing but faith and faith only and supreme confidence in her hundred and twenty five crore countrymen that they will certainly fulfill their resolve.
This Cancer Centre is going to be a boon for the people of not only eastern Uttar Pradesh but for the people of Jharkhand and Bihar also.
Medicines available at the Jan Aushadhi Centres are 50% to 90% cheaper than branded drugs available in the market.
It is perhaps not commonly known that at 1000 Mega Watt, Kudankulam 1 is the largest single unit of electrical power in India.
I am eagerly looking forward to working with you.
We will support operations for five years, and together we will raise long terms funds to achieve our prescribed goals.
We have concluded a number of agreements on very important matters.
Describing his vision for New India, the Prime Minister said that people would be the driving force behind the establishment, rather than the other way around – Tantra se Lok nahin, Lok se tantra chalega.
While we have come down heavily on corruption, we are at the same time rewarding the honest tax-payers.
On Ease of Doing Business, he said India slid from 132 in 2011, to 142 in 2014.
An innovative Start-up India programme has also been launched to incubate ideas and develop them into enterprises.
Since 2010, India has a strategic partnership with Malaysia.
He praised them for their efforts in cleaning “Ma Ganga.”
What it will be, how it will be and why it will be?
In short, the Indian story shows six great benefits of fintech: Access ,inclusion; connectivity; ease of living; opportunity; and, accountability.
My mothers and sisters, the women in the families seek employment in large numbers.
The decision aims at establishment of NFRA as an independent regulator for the auditing profession which is one of the key changes brought in by the Companies Act, 2013.
I implore all journalist friends to be fully outraged against any step of the Government, if it is not against corruption.
Therefore, today, I urge you people that those who have been practicing Yoga please make it regular, and those who could not start doing Yoga so far they must make an effort once.
This is a Townhall you shouldn’t miss.
Shri Narendra Modi praised the dedication and selfless service put in by the police officers, and their commitment to duty, which he said was the essence of the nation’s security.
This can be reversed for the sake of countryside life.
Both leaders noted that in a multipolar world, and at a time of global uncertainty, India-China relations are a factor of stability, and it is important for both countries to work together.
It will reduce travel time from Bhubaneswar and Puri to major cities like New Delhi and Mumbai.
(c) Expenditure towards overlays and equipment including display boards, etc. may be incurred.
Underscoring the importance to address the emerging maritime security issues facing the Indo-Pacific region including the smuggling of people, arms, drugs and money; illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing; and the movement of terrorists;
For setting up of the Centre, A Memorandum of Agreement, will be signed between DAC&FW and IRRI, Philippines.
Today, technology is advancing citizen empowerment and democracy that once drew their strength from Constitutions.
How to avoid conflict?
Friends, no scheme or initiative can be successful without the participation of youth.
This is the bad luck of this country that there are some one who are of the view that spirituality and religion are similar entities.
Later PM will inspect the project site.
The replica of these plates was made possible with the cooperation of the Paradesi Synagogue in Mattancherry, Kochi.
Several agreements for investments in the energy sector in Bangladesh are expected to be signed by the Indian companies in the coming days.
The existing pension scheme for Central freedom fighter pensioners and their eligible dependents has been restructured as follows:-
There is a large rural population in the North East region.
Let me outline our achievements in the last few months and our priorities for the period ahead.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today witnessed a demonstration of the operational capabilities of the Indian Air Force at Pokhran, in Rajasthan’s Thar Desert.
He suggested to all Chief Secretaries to work towards at least one such redevelopment project in each State.
This is the second such group to meet the Prime Minister.
We just saw the GST, and I repeatedly say that this is not my political statement, but my conviction.
It will benefit both countries.
During the Summit, I will have interactions with all the leaders of BIMSTEC to further enrich our regional cooperation, enhance our trade ties and advance our collective efforts to build a peaceful and prosperous Bay of Bengal region.
I wish a very joyous festival of Holi to all my countrymen, I further wish you colour laden felicitations.
It presents a vast economic opportunity for Israeli companies.
Taking serious note of the delay in this project, he asked the Steel and Heavy Engineering Ministries to sort out all issues, and complete the project at the earliest.
The Prime Minister said, “Extremely saddened by the passing away of my valued colleague and friend, Shri Ananth Kumar Ji.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Indonesia on their Independence Day.
There is a saying in Gujarati ‘Nishan Chuk Maaf Lekin Nahi Maaf Nichu Nishan’ which means one should have big aims and dreams.
You will get the Market.
(b) Encourage co-operation between India and Singapore on:
The updation is as per latest International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) template keeping in view the latest developments in civil aviation sector and with an objective to improve the air connectivity between the two countries.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners and complimented them for their exemplary performance in the best ever medal tally for India in Asian Games.
Prime Minister Modi recalled his successful visit to Brussels in March 2016 for the last India-EU Summit, and said that he is looking forward to the next India-EU Summit to be held in India in October 2017.
This type of cooperation opens up doors of new opportunities for the Indian MSME sector by way of new markets, joint ventures, sharing of best practices and technology collaborations
The 182 metre tall Statue of Unity, depicting Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, is the most vivid example of this.
We shall meet next month again for ‘Mann Ki Baat.’
Natural gas will also have an important balancing role to play as India’s renewable energy production rises.
He mentioned about the reduced GST rates for various construction items.
In addition. the Prime Minister will dedicate the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal Terminal at Bengaluru to the nation.
We have been meeting frequently at various places and exchanging views.
The Prime Minister observed that resources available for this work should be used optimally throughout the year.
The Cabinet has also approved relaxation in the existing criteria for the allocation of funds to NE States other than Assam to cover all vulnerable rural households by 2023-24.
I hope to see you here on bilateral visits.
In this fight against corruption and black money, it is natural to debate the fate of the dishonest.
If in such a short span we can go up by 20 percent then in next one and half year much more can be done and it is clearly your achievement.
I have suggested to the Ministry of Minority Affairs that they should ensure that all women who have applied to travel alone be allowed to perform Haj.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his nineteenth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
He recalled that this programme was launched way back in 1955.
Now, Government will contribute 12% to EPF for new employees in all sectors for three years.
36 white industries have been taken out from the requirement of environmental clearance;
Lohdi is celebrated in Punjab and North-India, while UP-Bihar eagerly await for Khichdi and Til-Sankranti.
India, being at the forefront of tobacco control, would be able to influence the international organizations including World Custom Organization in controlling such illicit trade.
The Prime Minister has said that the constitutional amendment bill providing 10% reservation for general category poor is a historic step for the uplift of the poor and a reflection of the Government’s commitment to Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
Mr. President, I have always had great respect and appreciation for our strategic partnership.
He called for further concerted efforts to build on the momentum, to create a positive perception.
In the next Mann Ki Baat, I will surely mention Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel but on 31st October, Run for Unity – Ek Bharat Shreshth Bharat – will be organized throughout the country.
Both Prime Ministers agreed to initiate virtual partnerships at the school level to enable young people of either country to experience the school system of the other country and develop an understanding of the culture, traditions and social and family systems.
His vision was not just to treat them, but also to mainstream them into our society, he added.
The world has for too long seen prices on a roller-coaster.
He undertook an aerial survey of Pipili, Puri, Konark, Nimapada and Bhubaneswar.
In order to facilitate orderly growth of the Chit Funds sector and remove bottlenecks being faced by the Chit Funds industry, thereby enabling greater financial access of people to other financial products, the following amendments to the Chit Funds Act, 1982 have been proposed:
To meet this need, we bring insurance for all.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today delivered closing remarks at the fourth meeting of the Governing Council of NITI Aayog.
You are also a country with abundant opportunities.
We take much joy from your accomplishments in various walks of life.
To accelerate the growth in manufacturing and for ensuring scientifically planned urbanization, Government of India (Gol) has adopted the strategy of developing integrated Industrial Corridors in partnership with State Governments with focus on manufacturing.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has also been described as a social document.
Addressing the public meeting, the Prime Minister said that the Antyodaya Express is a commendable initiative, which connects people and particularly helps those who are from Uttar Pradesh or Bihar, and work far from their home.
Common belief in democratic values, our shared developmental priorities and the warm currents of the Indian Ocean bind our societies.
The Scheme provides a financial support of Rs 1600 for each LPG connection to the BPL households.
What Rajat ji has said is worth pondering over.
Speaking on the occasion, he said the country has benefited from the knowledge and experience shared by the members who are retiring today.
The period also saw 26 % increase in fish farming due to Blue Revolution and 24% increase in Animal Husbandry and milk production.
For a healthy society, and for lofty democratic values I feel that, it is a very hope inspiring event.
One crore families giving up their subsidy on gas cylinders and in return one crore poor families getting gas cylinders with the money that is saved from the one crore families that have given up their subsidy.
The Union Minister for Human Resource Development Shri Prakash Javadekar, was also present on the occasion.
I am calling from a village in Koppal district of Karnataka.
The sports field is a great teacher.
The Agreement will facilitate exchange programmes in the field of Youth Affairs, which will help in promoting exchange of ideas, values and culture amongst Youth and in consolidating friendly relations between India and Tajikistan.
Facilitating foreign investment 7.
India and Korea have signed an MoUin the area ofBiotechnology and Bio-economy.
This will increase the sewer coverage of the town and improve sanitation in the city.
The national flags of many countries were together hoisted at the Kumbh.
-The previous Government during its last three years, had awarded the work to construct 15,000 kilometers long national highways.
I look forward to see what we can do together.
He said India’s objective for development should be to transform the lives of the poor, and in the villages.
India’s image will be enhanced if the tourist destinations are clean.
He also called for all water bodies to be identified through unique numbers and geo-tagging.
E-governance is no longer just a fancy buzzword, but a basic facility.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed regret for the inconvenience caused to citizens of Chandigarh, during his visit.
We also underscored the importance of deepening our two decades old valuable cooperation in the field of Space.
I extend my thanks to Bangladesh also for collaborating with us in this initiative.
So, development of human capital in every walk of life will be at the heart of our partnership.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the norms for establishing equivalence of posts in Government and posts in PSUs, PSBs etc. for claiming benefit of OBC reservations.
• MOU on Food Safety Cooperation between the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India and the Danish Veterinary and Food Administration
Many experts have commented on the need to reduce subsidies.
The expenditure on account of PLR shall be met by the Major Port Trusts and Dock Labour Boards from their own resources without any Budgetary support from the Government.
The PM Kisan Samman Nidhi, a comprehnsive scheme for farmer welfare.
Teachers play a vital role in the shaping of young minds and building our nation.
In the evening, I will address a public meeting at Khanapara.
If you are capable of doing this I am sure your village will become a vital one.
The objective is to establish the new AIIMS as Institutions of National Importance for providing quality tertiary healthcare, medical education, nursing education and research in the Region.
Those aspirations should also be expressed, and we should collectively raise our abilities to meet those aspirations, he added.
Therefore, it is a huge task, it is a challenging task to compel everyone to play by the rules.
The Central Government will bear the additional burden of the States on account of revision of pay scales.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given approval for creation of National Urban Housing Fund (NUHF) for Rs.60,000 crores.
The Indian side reaffirmed its support for full and effective implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), which has been endorsed by the UN Security Council and is crucial contribution to the non-proliferation framework and international peace, stability and security.
So I will wait dear friends for your suggestions on the youth festival on the “Narendra Modi App”.
Along with the Conference, the event will have a concurrent exhibition spread over 20,000 square meters at India Expo Mart, Greater Noida.
• Now, most of these FDI sectors have been put on automatic approval route.
The leaders considered the opportunity to deepen transport cooperation in areas of mutual interest across all modes of transport, notably maritime, aviation, urban mobility and, rail.
Wherever possible, I request the Ministers also to participate in these sessions.
For execution of ongoing overseas/ inland projects besides expected projects in pipeline, TCIL requires experienced and talented senior officers of telecom and IT background as per the requirement of the projects handled by it, from time to time.
He said that 125 crore Indians have now resolved to complete the journey from Swarajya to “Suraj.”
Arranging for immediate shifting of those critically injured via helicopter.
They conveyed that over the past year, the Canadian businesses and investors, including various Canadian Pension Funds, have shown enhanced interest and confidence in India.
We will coordinate our positions in order to develop a credit rating industry that is transparent for the market participants and independent from political conjuncture.
Nature equals to God, this has been firmly established by our ancestors, showing their foresight.
The decision of neem-coated urea has helped the farmers of India:
Today, as Strategic Partners, our cooperation spans across the entire gamut of political, economic, defence & security, cultural and people to people fields.
We are celebrating this Independence Day in a positive atmosphere amidst such positive chain of events.
I would like to particularly mention the works done and donations made in the field of sanitation, water, housing, education and health.
And, we love the Bhangra rap from London just as you like the English novel from India.
It will bring the pay and allowances of LGs at par with that of the Secretary to the Government of India.
Expressing delight at interacting with Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana beneficiaries, Prime Minister said that such interactions help in understanding various aspects of the scheme, including areas that needs to be improved.
We are entering an era of greater energy availability.
The Bill creates dedicated institutional mechanisms at District, State and CentralLevel.
President Temer and I also agreed to intensify and strengthen our coordination in important international fora.
The youth have got employment this way.
President and I recognize that Terrorism and the rapid spread of radical ideologies pose a common challenge to our people, our countries, to the region and to the whole world.
(iv). Off-shore wind energy and solar energy;
The main features of the draft model Bill are as follows:-
He said that along with Varanasi, the entire country is now witness to how, the vision of Next Gen Infrastructure can transform the means of transport.
Over the first five years of the Sendai Framework, we should develop a global network of universities working together on problems of disaster risk management.
He added that the organization of such a big investors’ summit in Uttar Pradesh, with the participation of so many investors, is itself indicative of change.
The objective of the MoU is to strengthen and encourage cooperation between the two countries on youth matters through participation in events and activities, information and knowledge sharing and youth exchanges.
This shows his greatness, the Prime Minister said.
Somebody spread a rumour that the spelling on the currency note was faulty, someone said salt prices had spiraled, someone proclaimed that the 2000 rupee note would also be withdrawn, even 500 and 100 rupee denominations notes were rumoured to be on their way out.
There is an information exchange about best practices, network of researchers and linking research with practical implementation.
HLL Lifecare Ltd., a Mini Ratna PSU under Ministry of Health & Family Welfare to sub- lease 330.10 acres of land at.
He mentioned smart cities, urban infrastructure and skill development as areas where Canada could further deepen its engagement with India.
Through his clarion calls ‘Dilli Chalo’, ‘Tum mujhe Khoon do, main tumhe azadi doonga’, Netaji secured a special place in every Indian’s heart.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that it is indeed a special occasion to unveil this magnificent Bhagwad Gita.
Nothing is more important for a nation than its human resources.
This is expected to enhance the revenue to AAI and increased economic development in these areas in terms of job creation and related infrastructure.
India’s core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
MOU Between DBT and National Institute of Advanced Science & Technology (AIST)
And the most important of it all is that they have freed Mubarakpur of the scourge of open defecation.
They are as bright as they have always been.
Savarkar ji’s personality was full of special qualities; he was a worshipper of both weapons or shashtra and Knowledge or shaashtras.
This is 8 percent more than the last record set up by our farmers.
f) To encourage public and the private sectors to invest in tourism.
In perishables the loss occurs in transit.
We have achieved major gains in macro-economic stability.
The relentless quest to ask questions for knowing the truth is very important.
India has also crossed 100 MT mark for production for sale in 2016-17.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
We stand united in strongly condemning the dreadful acts of terrorism in Paris.
• Increase energy efficiency and moderate energy use.
There are some ailing people, who do not like to disclose about their illness and they also do not like to someone inquiring about their ailment.
Under this, on the 9th of every month, all pregnant women will get a check-up at government health centers free of cost.
The security of Indian nationals abroad is of utmost importance to us.
If you take a holistic view, the National Soldiers’ Memorial is sure to turn out to be a sacred site, where people will throng, to get information on our great martyrs, to express their gratitude, to conduct further research on them.
We want to expand the horizons of agriculture with the help of modernization.
They also have the most room to make the cuts and make the strongest impact.
87. We reaffirm our commitment to a people-centred approach to development that is inclusive of all sectors of our people.
26. Together, we can create a vibrant and thriving environment for new commercial applications with breakthrough technologies.
It will make ISA inclusive, whereby all member countries that are members of the United Nations could become member.
• Acknowledge the importance of bilateral cooperation on space research, technology, innovation and applications.
India is the Guest Country at the SPIEF this year.
My dear brothers and sisters, people tell many things about me too and whatever may be said, I would like to publicly admit certain things today.
And that is why 125 crore countrymen have been able to repose faith in our governance.
They agreed that provision of grants had to be meant for the purpose intended by the recipient country and needed to be focused on indentified needs.
My dear young friends, you are in a great hurry to enter the examination hall, you are in a rush to quickly be seated in your place.
• “Deposit” is defined in such a manner that deposit takers are restricted from camouflaging public deposits as receipts, and at the same time not to curb or hinder acceptance of money by an establishment in the ordinary course of its business.
iii. The designated airlines of the two countries shall have fair and equal opportunity to operate the agreed services on specified routes.
He said that it is remarkable that a nation of over 1.25 billion people has achieved a rise of 65 ranks in a short period of 4 years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of theMemorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed with the Federal Transport Authority – Land & Maritime of the United Arab Emirates on Technical Cooperation in Rail Sector.
I thank our host, President Putin, for excellent arrangements for today’s meeting and for his leadership of BRICS.
Background:-
6. Technology Upgradation.
Keeping in line with the Government’s vision of providing drinking water to all, PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Piped Water Scheme for the rural areas of Bundelkhand Region.
The Prime Minister will attend the State Agricultural Ministers Conference on sustainable development, organic farming and eco-tourism, in Gangtok.
Signed MOC between Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) and Food Safety Commission, Consumer Affairs Agency, Ministry Health, Labor and Welfare and MAFF of Japan on 29 October 2018.
This will also forbid criminals from indulging in atrocities and will instill confidence among the dalit communities.
Responding to a question on the balance between tradition and globalization, the Prime Minister said that mankind has progressed through the ages due to innovation and due to ethics as well as humanitarian values.
It will improve the functional efficiency of Material Management of Naval Stores and ensure operational readiness of the Navy at all times.
On Clean Energy and Climate Change, we are both committed to the 2015 Paris Agreement.
Union Minister for Science & Technology, and Earth Sciences, Dr. Harsh Vardhan
The MoU will also provide for exchange of visits and dialogue for knowledge and experience sharing.
Some of the major decisions taken at the meeting included the following:
This time why can’t we take the soil from the bottom of ponds for our fields?
Your contribution is deeply valued across Sri Lanka and beyond.
A very good morning to you all!
If we focus our development strategy on organic farming, it would help the region greatly.
(iv)CRZ Clearances streamlined: The procedure for CRZ clearances has been streamlined.
And it’s not difficult given the reputation and professionalism of our firms.
The Prime Minister also inaugurated 12 Post Office Passport Seva Kendras in the state.
Nations are coming together to tackle climate change.
Similarly, there would be no financial implications on the part of MWCD for L-3 support, training of Master Trainers and for developing national level communications strategy and guidelines as well as communications and media products, which will be developed by the Foundation.
He said that the world had acknowledged already that the 21st century would be an Asian century.
He said that the spirit of participative governance is vital.
Technical Group Meeting of BRICS Development Banks (10-11 March 2016, Udaipur) 33.
There are more than four thousand traders who have got prizes of fifty thousand rupees each.
All families in that street collectively organize these pandals.
The Prime Minister was informed that GST systems such as IT infrastructure, training of officials, integration with banks, and enrolment of existing taxpayers will be in readiness well in time for the July 1 implementation date.
Those who know the soil conditions of Rajasthan would know how mammoth this task is going to be.
As a result two record rooms became available for alternative use.
The Prime Minister was also informed of steps taken towards a unique identifier for NGOs.
And what was the objective?
The wage calculation ceiling prescribed for payment of PLB to the eligible non-gazetted railway employees is 3500/- p.m.
Can we link our potential, to the world’s requirements?
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
Accordingly, the first lot of 33 files were declassified by the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) and handed over to the National Archives of India on 4th December 2015.
She tried to find out the details, and asked people about it.
Mass transit, waste management, pollution control, sustainable habitat and affordable housing are programmes of great priority for us.
Another example where citizens have responded is in the case of Khadi.
We must define our aims and our instruments for the changing world.
Some of the principles from the classrooms of Forensic Science will also help you in the classroom of life, though in different contexts.
In this regard, they appreciated the Goodwill Visit by Parliamentary Delegation from India to Indonesia in April 2016 and visits by members from the House of People’s Representatives and the Council of Representatives of Regions of the Republic of Indonesia to India in October and December 2015.
59. We commend the progress of ongoing BRICS IPR cooperation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, arrived in Jodhpur today to attend the Combined Commanders Conference.
The Merchant Shipping Bill, 2016 is a revamped version of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1958.
He was known for his simplicity and warm-hearted nature.
He said that this is an expression of global confidence in multilateralism, and the principles of the WTO.
He said that he is happy that in the last few years, there has been steady progress towards this goal.
Above all, we have the world’s most talented, dynamic, professional and committed Indian diaspora, proud to be Singaporeans, proud of their Indian heritage, ready to be the bridge between India and Singapore.
Its universality and evergreen nature are striking.
LETTER OF INTENT between Sports Authority of India and University of Tsukuba, Japan
It is driven by concrete action.
We were a credible first responder during the earthquake in Nepal, evacuation from Yemen and during humanitarian crises in the Maldives and Fiji.
The PPP airports in India have been ranked among the top 5 in their respective categories by the Airports Council International (ACI) in terms of Airport Service Quality (ASQ).
Setting up of Urban Metropolitan Transport Authority (UMTA) has been made mandatory which is to prepare Comprehensive Mobility Plans for cities for ensuring complete multi-modal integration for optimal utilization of capacities.
Belgium has expertise in the Communication Technology sector especially in the field of e-Governance and electronic ID card and Tax on web etc.
Many Hidden Taxes have also gone away.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
But the end result of this is that six people in the same house are sitting in the same room but they are separated by unimaginable distances!
PM laid the foundation stone for the construction of Greenfield Airport at Hollongi and inaugurated retrofitted Tezu airport.
Each person has become associated with it in a positive manner.
Lisbon is hosting the Web Summit – a key annual international technology conference – for 3 years from 2016 onwards.
• It has an impact on the image of the nation.
Germany ranks 7th among foreign investor countries in India.
She was instrumental in the victory of AIADMK in the General Elections to the Lok Sabha and to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly in 1984.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to enhance the grant of compensation to the civilian victims under the scheme titled “Central Scheme for Assistance to Civilian Victims of Terrorist/ Communal/Left Wing Extremist (LWE), Cross Border Firing and Mine/IED blasts on Indian Territory” from Rs.3 lakhs to Rs.5 lakhs.
PM said, “Congratulations to Rashtrapati Ramnath Kovind Ji on completing 1 year in office.
That is why I have placed so much emphasis on smart cities.
She lost her father at a very young age, and her brother and mother encouraged the talent and skills of Sonali.
These days technology has changed so much that if people get together and form a group and if they decide to misuse technology, then who knows in which direction they might take forward this survey.”
Our respectful tributes to Indira ji too.
The Prime Minister emphasized the need for an increase in exports, and said that States must be made active partners in this effort.
Several Ministers appreciated India’s initiative in hosting this Ministerial meeting.
I would like to tell my fellow citizens humbly that I cannot compromise with the future of the country to protect my present.
“Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
Kingdoms in the South and West of India have engaged in maritime trade with other parts of Asia for over a thousand years.
I urge all parties and leaders to move away from a “holier than thou approach,” to come together in prioritising transparency, and take firm steps to free politics of black money and corruption.
We greet the Election Commission and salute their important role in our democracy.
Women are already empowered and now getting armed too.
During this Session, the nation gets an opportunity to elect the new President and the Vice President.
(26). Mainstreaming of rag pickers in waste management activities.
From them radiates the message of Justice, harmony and brotherhood.
The BUR contains five major components — National Circumstances; National Greenhouse Gas Inventory; Mitigation Actions; Finance, Technology and Capacity Building Needs and Support Received and Domestic Monitoring, Reporting and Verification (MRV) arrangements.
The bedrock of our development agenda lies in the notion of “SabkaSaath,SabkaVikaas” – that is: Collective Effort, Inclusive Growth.
The scale of India’s development needs is huge.
After its creation, we hope that this institution will work as a center which enhances employment skills and services.
The Prime Minister said this vision can be understood through the acronym SAGAR – Security and Growth for All in the Region.
The UK and India share interests in stability and prosperity across Asia and the Indian Ocean.
Today, I am informed that throughout the State, Amma’s ashram has already completed construction of two thousand toilets.
But in Chhath Pooja, it is specially customary to ask for Prasad after the morning Arghya ritual.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
The Prime Minister appreciated momentum in BRICS under the Chairmanship of President Xi and extended full cooperation and best wishes for the BRICS Xiamen Summit.
To achieve this objective, apart from vigorous exercise for ease of doing business, we have fast tracked approvals and clearances for industry and infrastructure.
Shri Narendra Modi will address a public meeting at Bargarh in Odisha.
I am told that at the peak of the project, over twenty thousand labourers were working at the site.
Our new generation can get a good opportunity to get information about the forces.
Cabinet has also approved the constitution of a Committee comprising Secretary, Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, Secretary, Ministry of Urban Development, Secretary, Department of Expenditure, Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs and CEO, NITI Aayog to steer the project including project structuring and development options in a transparent, competitive manner.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO scientists, on the successful testing of Scramjet Rocket Engine.
KOTRA shall open an office in Ahmedabad and will become one of the partner organizations for the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit 2019.
Today, Singapore is one of our most important partners in the world.
Such companies are given high degree of autonomy in various operational, financial and investment matters.
Such products, shall, of course, find resonance across the world.
Our commitment and aggressiveness to achieve the goal in a faster and effective manner offers immense opportunities to German Companies.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today granted ex-post facto approval to the Amendment to The Institutes of Technology Act, 1961 for incorporation of six new IITs at Tirupati (AP), Palakkad (Kerala), Dharwar (Karnataka), Bhilai (Chhattisgarh), Goa, Jammu (J&K) and conversion of ISM, Dhanbad to an IIT under the Institutes of Technology Act, 1961
By 2030, low-income countries will have eight times more deaths attributed to NCDs than high-income countries.
After completion of this 5 year period, the SBRT entity shall be required to meet the 30% sourcing norms directly towards its India’s operation, on an annual basis.
Such an eco system, such an environment that makes us think about the country, think about its future and our role, our duties in this thing every single moment.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
He expressed satisfaction at the enthusiastic response to India’s invitation for the informal meeting.
The outrage that singes your being and mine on account of the terrorizing violence replicates itself in the collective inner psyche’ of every citizen of the country; it also echoes in pro-humanity communities of the world, which sincerely believe in humanity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Bilaspur in Himachal Pradesh today.
This is reflected in a variety of challenges including rising trade conflicts, geopolitical risks, commodity price volatility, high private and public indebtedness, inequality and not sufficiently inclusive growth.
A revolutionary taxation system for the digital India.
India has signed similar Conventions/MoUs/Agreements with the 37 countries.
And, this was not confined to having just a closed door seminar, but the importance of cleanliness was practically demonstrated at Warangal in Telangana.
The new AIIMS at Bhatinda will provide super specialty health care to the population while creating a large pool of doctors and other health workers in this region that can be available for primary and secondary level institutions/facilities being created under National Health Mission (NHM).
Indians have displayed the strength of people power, utmost discipline, and the ability to discern the truth in a storm of disinformation.
So, we are pleased that our scholarships and training programmes are empowering Afghan youth with modern education and professional skills; Afghan government with resources to develop their country; and, the Afghan Security Forces with the capacity to secure their nation.
Prime Minister will turn a page of the Bhagwad Gita to mark its official opening.
Welcome to India.
Friends have you ever thought of travelling in a Second Class railway Compartment without a reservation, and going for atleast a 24 hours ride?
Festivals have their own significance in social life.
They also give us a seven and a half thousand kilometre coastline and 2.4 million square kilometres of Exclusive Economic Zone.
Expenditure incurred on implementation of such MoU is managed within the “financial allocation made for the Department.
No wonder Gujaratis are enterprising and travel widely even today!
He will also lay the foundation stone of Rajkot-Kanalus Railway Line doubling project.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated building of Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University, dedicated 400KV Lucknow-Kanpur D/C transmission line and distributed sanction letters to the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana in Lucknow.
The Prime Minister of India welcomed the expanding opportunities for Indian companies to invest in the Maldives in different sectors for the mutual benefit of both countries.
As you know, a demand to constitute an OBC Commission similar to SC/ST commission was long pending for decades.
So the earthen lamps will be valuable too.
He expressed confidence that Ms Chandrika would continue to play an important role in Sri Lanka to move towards genuine reconciliation and social harmony where the aspirations of all the communities would be met within the framework of united Sri Lanka.
I will always cherish the innumerable occasions when I had the opportunity to interact with Jayalalithaa ji.
In the past, UPSC had signed MoU with Public Service Commission of Canada and Bhutan.
Lakhs of farmers and common people continue to benefit from the Krishna Raj Sagar Dam built by him.
This is a year of anniversaries of the end of two World Wars and our 1965 conflict.
The Prime Minister said that India’s youth is giving strength to key programmes such as digital initiatives, and Swachh Bharat Mission.
My advice is that the wheels of development should not be re-invented.
The Government of India, Army personnel, Air Force personnel, NDRF personnel, Paramilitary forces – everybody does his or her best in providing succour to the disaster stricken people.
Now, Government is adding 20,000 crore rupees more to this.
We get the mantra to enable the society to fight against blind-faith through devotion and bhakti.
This Government has introduced e-NAM – the electronic National Agricultural Market.
So I would like to know your views concerning the current direction of education and its future course.”
Malaysia truly lives up to that image: living in harmony across diversity; blending tradition with modernity; innovation and hard work; and, pursuit of peace in the region.
You pick any date; you will certainly find a name of one or the other great personality from the kaleidoscope of history.
The works shall be planned/executed in such a manner that the existing arrangements about sharing of Ganga water at Farakka, as per Ganga Water Treaty-1996 between India and Bangladesh, are not affected.
• Rs. 113.11 Crore approved in 2016-17 to 20 States/ UTs under this initiative.
Central University of Kashmir, Srinagar
Dirty conditions most adversely affects the poor, Slum dwellers and to the people consuming contaminated water.
Our parents, even today, insist on focusing on studies and academics.
He said it was a privilege for India to host Heads of 10 ASEAN countries as honoured guests at the Republic Day function in New Delhi.
“Tributes to Dr. Rajendra Prasad on his birth anniversary.
NOTING with satisfaction the progress in the implementation of the Plan of Action to Implement the ASEAN-India Partnership for Peace, Progress and Shared Prosperity (2016-2020) and the List of Priorities for 2016-2018 to Implement the ASEAN-India Plan of Action;
He laid wreath at the Martyr’s Memorial and signed the visitor’s book.
(C). Relaxation in the existing criteria in the allocation of funds for the NE states, other than Assam, to cover all vulnerable rural household by 2023-24.
He inaugurated banking services of the Utkarsh Bank, and unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of the headquarters building of the Bank.
In the present 479 medical colleges, MBBS seats have been increased to about 68 thousand.
My dear countrymen, Saadar Namaskar.
Once this habit is inculcated, an individual cannot tolerate an unclean environment.
You must read the questions twice, thrice, four times over and try to match them with the things that you know and you will find that answering them becomes simple even before you have actually answered them.
He recalled that despite projecting a requirement for bullet-proof jackets in 2009, no such jackets were procured till 2014.
This will also enable a common pool of creative, artistic, technical, financial and marketing resources of the two countries.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has worked to make the lives of common people better, and to promote ease of doing business.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today delivered the opening remarks at the fourth meeting of the Governing Council of NITI Aayog, in Rashtrapati Bhawan Cultural Centre in New Delhi.
Under the scheme, Rs 8000 crore has been earmarked for providing five crore LPG connections to BPL households.
Belarus is an active participant in Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation programme.
There is no question of being soft on terrorism or terrorists.
The Prime Minister called for immediate measures to scale up the speed of providing broadband connectivity to all Gram Panchayats.
We stress the necessity of pursuing sustainable development and of the implementation of the Paris Agreement on Climate Change at the regional and national levels.
We are pleased that sustainable use of oceans and marine resources is a distinct element in the Sustainable Development Goals in the United Nations that were finalised recently.
The Country celebrated Republic Day yesterday.
That is why I declared on 15th August that it is not just an agricultural department but an agricultural and farmer welfare department will be created.
Highlights
Industry, Connectivity and the Health sector are all witness to this change, he added.
He was informed that so far, 12 such locations have been provided public Wi-Fi connectivity.
That’s why the state government has been provided every help for the development of basic facilities.
Had we worked with the speed of 2013, an entire generation would have taken to connect the country with optical fibre.
And, congratulate you once again in our shared success!
India is now the most preferred investment destination in this sector.
There are times when workers from India get into difficulties here.
Likewise, commercial matters were decided by Mahajans and Chambers.
•Use of latest pedagogy and technology applications: Envisioned to be a best-in-class institute which will use latest pedagogy and technology applications to provide high-quality education and training.
I call upon you to Come, Invest and Make Textiles in India.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that our country is a “Bahuratna Vasundhara” where many people have made great contributions across regions and time periods.
And through these two schemes, the process to make digital payment a mass movement has been initiated; it has received a rousing welcome in the entire country.
The Prime Minister also spoke of other development initiatives such as PM AwasYojana, PM Gram SadakYojana, and other welfare schemes of the Union Government.
He mentioned the Jan Aushadhi Yojana, under which Jan Aushadhi stores are being opened, which is reducing the prices of medicines.
While listening to this month’s Mann Ki Baat, my inner thoughts, your mind must also be on your children’s exams which begin soon.
The cost of heart stents have reduced from around Rs. 2 lakh to Rs. 29000.
Being Indians, it is but natural for us to feel elated.
He said this is being done using the transmission link between West Bengal and Bangladesh, and thanked the Chief Minister of West Bengal, Ms. Mamata Banerjee for her facilitation in completion of this work.
Separate department for Fisheries will greatly benefit the fishermen.
“Congratulations to ISRO on being conferred the Gandhi Peace Prize.
This will help for completion of on-going projects for construction of 3,000 court halls and 1,800 residential units for judicial officers of District and Subordinate Courts.
Mr. Speaker,
He said the focus should not be on disabilities, but on the extra-ordinary abilities that differently abled people are blessed with.
Friends, We believe, Potential + Policy + Planning + Performance leads to Progress.
He said the e-NAM Yojana is benefiting farmers and giving them access to better markets.
Russia welcomed the participation of India in the counter-terror military exercise “Peace Mission – 2018”.
This project will reduce travel time between Alappuzha and Thiruvananthapuram, and will also decongest traffic in Kollam town.
Friends, in today’s modern era our traditional relationship has attained a new dimension.
I further expect that the agreements concluded today and our discussions will help boost practical cooperation in different sectors between India and Tajikistan.
As we boost our discovery science ecosystem, we must also focus on innovation and start-ups, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness over the loss of lives due to the collapse ofan under-construction flyover in Varanasi.
He stressed that the Hindi language should be spread through day-to-day conversations and complex technical terms should be avoided or used negligibly for official purposes.
India has been providing training to peacekeeping officers from a large number of countries.
After inaugurating the Make in India Centre Expo in Mumbai today, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi held bilateral talks with the Prime Ministers of Sweden and Finland and Deputy Prime Minister of Poland.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Maldives which was signed in October, 2015 in the field of sports and youth affairs.
Argentina’s Tango dance and football is very popular in India.
As part of water conservation efforts, the State has constructed 25000 farm ponds, 7000 check dams, 4000 diversion weirs, 4000 percolation tanks, 400 water harvesting structures and 350 community tanks.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi’s thoughts have the power to mitigate the challenges the world is facing today.
This is followed by the Tyag Chakra.
He advocated collective voice against the practices of protectionism, especially in the spheres of trade and movement of knowledge and professionals.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has extended his best wishes to the people of Kyrgyzstan, on their Independence Day.
There is a shift in energy consumption from West to East.
The heartening effect of the novel way in which our 1.25 billion countrymen dedicated this Diwali to soldiers of our army, to our defence forces, was clearly evident on their faces.
By faster processing of returns and issue of refunds to the taxpayer’s bank account directly without any interface with the Department, by adhering to international best practices and standards (ISO certification) and by providing processing status updates and speedy communication using mobile app, email, SMS and on the Department website, the decision will ensure transparency and accountability.
The Prime Minister had earlier interacted with some of the beneficiaries who received rickshaws and push-carts.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Nepal.
You should exert leadership and pay a little attention there too.
Acceptance brings about new avenues in finding solutions to problems.
PM said, “Today I got opportunity to unveil projects worth more than Rs 4000 crore”.
But I would request you to do exercises.
Those in power loved giving doles.
As we celebrate this important occasion today, we recall our ancient ethos of universal brotherhood.
It is mandated to work towards elimination of inequalities in status facilities and opportunities for Safai Karamcharis and has an important role to ensure rehabilitation of all the identified manual scavengers on a time-bound basis.
“You are IIT-ians, I was a Tea-ian when I was young (I sold tea).
The Recommendation affirms the need to develop and strengthen measures of social protection, as a means of preventing crises, enabling recovery and building resilience.
Post-disaster recovery is an opportunity to not just ‘build back better’ in terms of physical infrastructure, but also in terms of improved institutional systems for managing risk.
The completion of the identified irrigation projects will generate immediate wage and other employment opportunities in good measure during the construction phase.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
(vi). Exchange of visits of tour operators/media/opinion makers for promotion of two way tourism.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi attended Dussehra Celebrations at Madhav Das Park near Red Fort in Delhi, today.
A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) has been signed between Department of Posts and United Nations Postal Administration (UNPA) in February, 2016 for this purpose.
NARUC is the National Association in United States representing the State Public Service Commissioners who regulate essential utilities.
Borrowing in the last quarter of the year 2017-18, especially during the last two months of the year 2017-18 would be avoided.
This will enhance mutual trust and trade.
I am very happy to see participation of German companies in India’s growth story.
Shri Narendra Modi said the Union Government has decided to lay stress on manufacturing of defence equipment.
And, these are the values that give the great Afghan people the patience and persistence to seek peace with their own who have chosen the path of violence and also with those who support them.
The Prime Minister spoke of his appreciation of the Chief Minister of Bihar, Shri Nitish Kumar, for the effort undertaken by him to save future generations from alcoholism.
Many forts associated with Shivaji Maharaj like Sindhu Durg, Murud Janjira, Swarn Durg, etc were either situated on the sea coast or were encircled by sea.
His ideas and idealism paved way for an institutional framework through the Ramakrishna Mission, he added.
It was the occasion of dedication to the nation of his collection of Vachana Amrit, the elixir of his spoken words.
The government has been encouraging the self employment through the schemes like Skill India Mission, Stand-up India and Start-up India.
The households of our poor brethren and their families are dependent in a way on these activities.
(9). A certain part of the CSR contributions by PSUs/Companies may be spent in the States where they are located.
MHRD would assist the Ministry of Higher Education, Afghanistan in the areas of Curriculum Development and Capacity Development of Teaching Staff.
Today, India and UK have emerged amongst the top three largest startup hubs in the world with an exciting ecosystem of investors and innovators.
How can a future occasion be used to improve upon the past results.
Governor of Karnataka Shri Vajubhai Vala,
The entire state thus resolved to fight against these social evils.
A total of 783 applications were received for the Bal Shakti Puraskar this year.
Residents of the town thronged the streets to welcome the Prime Minister.
Consequently, the Salary, Allowances and Pension of Members of Parliament Act (MSA Act) was enacted in 1954 (Act 30 of 1954).
The beneficiaries include the employees of the Central Government offices who are eligible for General Pool Residential Accommodation (GPRA) and waiting for the maturity of their turn.
It had a life expectancy of 6 months.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Amendment of the bilateral Social Security Agreement (SSA) between India and the Netherlands by incorporating the “Country of Residence” Principle into the said SSA.
Positive power is the biggest energy.
He said that PM Sheikh Hasina’s vision is the biggest inspiration for stronger connectivity between India and Bangladesh.
He requested the people to share them on Instagram using #MagnificentNortheast.
Afghanistan’s success is a deeply held hope and desire of every Indian.
Dr. Jawad Aouad, Minister of Health of the State of Palestine
The Prime Minister said that Prof. Swaminathan’s speciality is that his work has been grounded in practical reality.
Congress calls Planning Commission a bunch of jokers…but Modi is destroying institutions.
This agreement would provide help in handling of the issues related to the cyber-crime between the two countries.
People from the film fraternity, from the world of Sports, common citizens of the country, members of the armed forces, school teachers or even those toiling in fields and farms, their rising notes are building up a crescendo ‘Hum Fit toh India Fit’… ‘If we are fit, India is fit’.
I had requested the citizens to call up telephonically and get their suggestions or queries recorded.
It has nearly eliminated poverty.
And, where the engines of our industrial growth are increasingly driven by clean energy.
Indian Institutes of Management are the country’s premier institutions imparting best quality education in management on globally benchmarked processes of education and training in management.
Indian traditions lay a strong emphasis on personal hygiene.
The two leaders will attend a public function to mark the commencement of work of India’s first high-speed rail project between Ahmedabad and Mumbai, on 14th of September.
Senior Government officials briefed him on aspects such as addressing of debt, monitoring frameworks, improvement in financial parameters, operational achievements, and consumer empowerment.
Earlier, in his speech, the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Yogi Adityanath praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and said the Prime Minister has given a new meaning to politics of this nation.
“India will never get bogged down by such cowardly attacks and the evil designs of hate.
An important component of the Earth is “soil”.
The visiting premier has suggested three promising areas of mutually beneficial collaboration.
Several development projects on the anvil
Thank you very much!
It is important for the industry to plan its growth.
May his soul rest in peace”, the Prime Minister said.
Prashant ji, the Government of India has already done that on social media and the Narendra Modi App, beginning that very day.
Theytook note of the UN Secretary-General’s reform efforts to ensure a UN fit to support Member States to deliver on Agenda 2030.
I heartily bow to my countrymen.
Our progress will not just change the lives of one-sixth of humanity.
34. Sustainable Energy development has been a key component towards achieving energy security in the future with both Malaysia and India having actively pursued to increase renewable energy sources so as to strengthen their energy security while increasing energy access.
It will benefit the students, especially those of tribal and rural areas of the two UTs.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in the region.
The Intelligent Traffic Management System will help ease traffic flow.
While settlements have started coming up in Greater Noida, it is still in the developing stage and needs greater connectivity with Noida and Delhi.
The pace of award of new highway works has increased from 5.2 km per day in 2012-13 and 8.7 km per day in 2013-14 to 23.4 km per day currently.
The 15 km Balangir-Bichupali New Railway Line would connect coastal Odisha with western Odisha synchronising development across the State.
Congratulations to President Joko Widodo and the people of Indonesia for hosting such a memorable Asian Games 2018.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to the first President of India, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, on his Jayanti.
Passenger Service for a section of Chennai Metro from AG-DMS Metro station to Washermenpet Metro Station was inaugurated by PM.
iv. Co-operation and Sharing experiences in the field of regulations of the Mass Media activities and statistical data relating to the Mass Media.
I urge you to participate in the largest possible numbers in this run for unity.
Center is ready to pursue this work.
Quality of life may have an economic aspect, but it is not economics alone.
Government committed to all round development of Odisha & Eastern India: PM
There should be a visible electronic trail of what is pending with whom, where, and for how long.
India hopes for early resumption of talks between Palestinian and Israeli sides to move towards finding a comprehensive resolution.
Many many Thanks.
My dear countrymen, our country is a land of diversities – these diversities are not limited to our cuisine, life style and attire.
An India where every village has 24×7 electricity,
These include increasing India’s grant-in-aid to Pacific Island countries from 125,000 to 200,000 U.S. dollars, e-tourist visas, deputation of Indian experts in the area of coir industry and a special training programme for diplomats of the Pacific Island countries.
We live in a digital age.
He also called upon the University to work towards overall development of these 100 villages.
The Headquarters Agreement will institutionalize the functional arrangements between India and ISA.
That is why, in the past year, we have increased our focus on ocean or blue economy.
Singapore’s inspirational multiculturalism and respect for talent have nurtured a vibrant and dynamic Indian community that is contributing to deeper cooperation between our nations.
Way back in the eighteenth century, the Mandvi port of Gujarat and Zanzibar were considered inter-dependent ports.
The report recommends certain measures to attract private sector participation and Public Private Partnership (PPP).
Foreign Minister Ravi Karunanayake thanked Prime Minister for quick Indian assistance in the aftermath of the floods and landslides.
I respectfully offer tributes to Abdul Kalam Ji and also to late Amma.
In the Constitution given to us by Dr. Baba Saheb Ambedkar there is every provision for ensuring justice for each and every person.
Making the States think globally is yet another reform with potential to transform.
I would like to tell you a little thing about myself.
The entire Upanishad literature is a compilation of dialogue.
Poor will get health benefits and environment will protected as well.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for IRDAI’s admission as a signatory to International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS), Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding (MMoU)
This is a vision I share with President Xi and Premier Li.
I am delighted to welcome back President Mahmoud Abbas, an old friend of India, on his State visit to India.
But I feel like viewing the entire sequence of events from another perspective, i.e, how the operation was conducted!
(v). Participation in International events organized by each country, as appropriate, exchange of experts etc. and;
Thus unfair means lead us nowhere.
It has executed projects in more than 70 countries in the domain of Telecommunications and Information Technology.
The Prime Minister said enhanced connectivity between the North-East and other parts of the country is a priority for the Union Government, and work has been greatly speeded up in this regard.
Can’t our jewellers, with their skills, strengths and heritage, create and change global tastes and fashions?
Prime Minister extended an invitation to Mr. Trudeau to pay an official visit to India which Mr. Trudeau accepted with pleasure.
India’s history has been inseparable from Asia.
A comprehensive National IPR policy is being finalized.
The Ombudsman need not be a separate entity, but any existing State Government functionary can be deputed or given additional charge.
This is a region of expanding freedom and prosperity.
For this, you may need to increase the width of the loom.
And, Central and State Governments work with each other.
The festival of Samvatsari is symbolic of forgiveness, non-violence and brotherhood.
On Citizenship Bill, PM urged people not be carried away by the rumours related to the citizenship bill.
The forest and its wild denizens are an open treasury which cannot be locked up.
There are attractive fiscal incentives from the Union and State Governments.
Africa’s economic growth has gathered momentum and has a more diversified base.
I also see significant potential for deepening bilateral trade and investment ties.
There are many other parameters which prove how strong is our economy and a clear reflection of the decision making powers of the Government.
He described the Uttar Pradesh Government’s “One District, One Product” scheme as an extension of “Make in India.”
We have an open mind and our doors are always open.
MoC between Ministry of Food Processing & Industries and Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, Japan in the field of Food Processing Industry.
Third, impact on society
He said that besides tourism, attention was being given to sectors such as Pashmina, and Saffron.
Under the Atal Innovation Mission, we are building Atal Tinkering Labs in schools across India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for establishment of new AIIMS in Bilaspur (Himachal Pradesh) under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).
Through these steps, we aim to keep pace with emerging technologies so that they can be used for the benefit of our people.
Kenya’s Wangari Maathai, the famous environmental activist, was the first African woman to win the Nobel peace prize.
After seeing the ups and downs of history, these brothers and sisters of ours want to be a part and parcel of India.”
We can witness how closely our festivals are interlinked with nature.
When I first heard about it, I wondered how it could be possible!
He said the hopes and aspirations of people are to rid the country from internal problems like corruption, and black money.
In our country, the poor have limited access to cooking gas (LPG).
Many years ago, when I first got the chance to go there, I could feel a certain vibration in that place.
I always felt that much like governments in the past had to invest in physical infrastructure, in this day and age, one of the main roles governments should be playing is to build digital infrastructure which will allow its citizens to get connected and be productive citizens of the global society.
And, for us, the most relevant benchmark for the success of our friendship is your progress and success.
He said the projects dedicated today, would help both infrastructure and connectivity.
The details of the decision are as follows:
In no case does it attract any financial liability on the Parties.
The agreement aims to carry out activities related to exchange of best practices in the field of Science & Technology through the Technology Development Board and Bpifrance.
Third, encourage greater involvement and leadership of women in disaster risk management.
Today, our strong agricultural base provides us a solid launch pad to create a vibrant food processing sector.
The routes and frequencies shall be decided subsequently.
During this period, some operators are able to acquire subscribers and grow at a faster rate as compared to other operators.
This is a portal where even you can send news of any good thing that’s happened to you.
It uses the name of religion to draw people to its cause.
In order to make him realize his dream, the government has decided to establish an entrepreneurial hub.
The entire north-east offers opportunities to create functional infrastructure for organic produce.
I also got an opportunity to go and watch a match.
Of course financial inclusion also needs digital connectivity.
This Agreement provides for permitting the diplomats and Official passport holders of India and Jordan to enter into, exit and transit through the territory of each other without requirement of visa.
The Paika Rebellion (Paika Bidroha) was fought against British rule, in Odisha in 1817.
And today we all have elected him and handed him over the responsibility for this position.
PM inaugurated four Rural Water Supply Schemes in Ramgarh and Hazaribagh districts.
• First, we have introduced a big focus on irrigation with a large increase in budgets.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed across a range of sectors.
50% of the sum that would have been admissible to the Freedom Fighter i.e. in the range of Rs. 13,000/- to Rs. 15,000/-
His appeal to people to applaud jawans when they meet them, has also created a buzz on social media.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Kochi in Kerala on 27 January, 2019.
In this context he spoke of India’s digital infrastructure, and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
The revival package for HSCL approved by Government of India in 1999 and further attempts for financial restructuring the company were not successful.
He also shared his experience of real time monitoring of development projects through PRAGATI meetings, with the audience.
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
Incidents of toppling of statues have been reported from certain parts of the country.
He stated that it is imperative to prioritise the WTO’s activities so that it addresses the concerns of developing countries.
Mr. Prime Minister, you have provided leadership in combating extremism and radicalization, rejecting any link between terrorism and religion, and in highlighting the real values of Islam.
We will encourage industry and business on both sides to play a leading role in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, mining and energy.
One generation still feels that it is best to keep away from the government.
For the State Govt. funded institutions, the revised pay scales will require adoption by the respective State Governments.
The Prime Minister thanked the National Institute of Design for the design, Security Printing and Minting Corporation of India Limited and the Ministry of Finance for the introduction of new coins.
That is what we expect from Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership.
The Government of India has to evict unauthorized occupants from Government accommodations under the provisions of PPE Act, 1971.
He said that each official doing his own work is good but we also have to work together and think about how we want the Railways to be.
I know that these habits do not change overnight, and when we talk about it, we invite criticism.
I know that you will never disappoint me.
In 2018, we are projected to grow at 7.4 per cent.
He wrote to me after the budget expressing gratitude for the farmer-centric budget.
In this regard, the CEOs’ Forum should take the lead in identifying new avenues of wider and deeper industry to industry engagement.
In a way, a positive mindset towards our daughters is leading towards societal acceptance.
My dear countrymen, being a human being, there are many things that touch me too.
The experienced Veda Krishnamurthy gives a much needed stability to the middle order.
It is a good platform to reflect on how global shifts, transitions, policies and new technologies will influence market stability and future investments in the sector.
Other distinguished dignitaries on the dais
And, no cause that is more challenging.
In addition, 45% of the start-up are set up by women.
The amount will be given in three installments of Rs.2000 each.
Most of the grievances are related to issues of poor service quality, connectivity and non-functioning of landline connections.
Spoke to Home Minister Rajnath Singh Ji on the situation in Sukma.
If we remain vigilant, we can now save our children from returning to those evil ways of violence and cruelty.
Mann Ki Baat addresses an aspirational India, an ambitious India.
The Prime Minister said that the world is no longer bipolar as it was a few decades ago.
He said 74 percent of the beneficiaries under the MUDRA scheme till now, are women.
The Prime Minister was speaking at the launch of the IDFC Bank in New Delhi.
He referred to the Union Government’s initiatives such as “Make in India”, emphasis on infrastructure, opening up of FDI in various sectors, and commitments towards 50 million new houses by 2022 and 175 GigaWatts of renewable energy.
Prime Minister Modi will also inaugurate new Crude Oil Pipeline from Chennai Port to Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited’s (CPCL) Manali Refinery.
It also contains an agreement between the two Parties to enable their respective MSMEs to participate in each other’s trade fairs/exhibitions and to exchange business delegations with the other Party, to understand the policy and explore markets so that joint ventures, tie-ups, technology transfer etc. could take place.
We live in an age of global challenges.
Long live Indo-Russian friendship!
There is no government which doesn’t make announcements.
He had then travelled from Matara in the South to Point Pedro in the North.
In this regard, they welcomed the signing of a Statement of Intent between the French Ministry for Ecological and Inclusive Transition and NITI Aayog, which will be supported by French technical assistance provided by French Development Agency (AFD).
These projects are cumulatively worth over 30,000 crore rupees.
People generally nurse the notion that if students indulge in sporting activities, they become careless about their studies.
Africa has 60% of the world’s arable land reserves, and just 10% of the global output.
Cyber and Space are entirely new frontiers of opportunities and challenges.
During a demonstration of Google Streetview, the Prime Minister asked for Khagaul to be pinpointed on Google Earth.
PM will declare 100% electrification of households in the State Of Jammu And Kashmir under SAUBHAGYA Scheme.
He also travelled briefly on the metro train, before arriving at the venue for the public meeting.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Dibrugarh, Assam on February 5th.
He said this would go a long way towards ensuring wellness, and protecting the health of the poor.
Let me talk about the defence sector first.
If there is any discrepancy in the books or records of political parties, they are as liable to be questioned by the Income Tax authorities as is anyone else.
For the past three decades, in Belagavi, she has made a great contribution towards changing the lives of countless women.
“On 5th anniversary of Great East Japan Earthquake, India offers deep sympathy to those affected.
He added that India wants to have manufacturing of global standards and hence the Swiss model of skill development is very relevant to it.
India has eliminated maternal and neonatal tetanus.
The darkness shall be dispelled
Once again I bow down to this massive crowd.
At various places in the country, exhibitions have been organised by our Armed Forces in order to apprise the maximum number of citizens, especially the younger generation, of the might we possess; how capable we are and how our soldiers risk their lives to protect us citizens.
(i) Aviation Safety and Air Traffic Management
Mr. Jacques Audibert, Diplomatic Adviser to the French President, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Brothers and sisters, what are the consequences of it?
Our strength lies in sharing our knowledge, capacity and prosperity.
Come, let us try & advance on the path of his ideals & teachings.
Captain Mithali Raj has been leading from the front.
I have been told by Shri Sarbananda Sonowalji that the Organizing Committee for the Games has brought waters from each of the eight SAARC countries and these waters will be merged to signify shared aspirations and cooperative spirit amongst the SAARC Nations.
(i) Rehabilitation; (ii) Strategic Sale; or (iii) Closure
This upgrade comes after a gap of almost 14 years.
He was also the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on fundamental rights, minorities and tribals.
We are on a de-regulation and de-licensing drive.
I share with you the strong commitment to take our bilateral engagement to a new level.
I look forward to your visit to India soon.
Even their friends have contributed by boosting their morale under all circumstances.
The Prime Ministers noted that women’s full and meaningful participation in political, social and economic life is key to inclusive development and agreed to promote the empowerment of women.
The form of cooperation under the MoU will include promoting the exchange of knowledge and expertise through study visits, seminars, conferences and meetings of experts of the Signatories, stimulating joint research and development of capacity-building programs/training, exchange of training groups and other activities for the purpose of academic and applied research and training, promoting mutual participation in and/or initiation of relevant collaboration projects and programs, promoting public private partnerships.
The Mission has now initiated implementation in 4884 blocks spread across 600 districts in 29 States and 5 Union Territories.
One Richa Anand Ji has sent me this question: –
I have been informed that Singapore is leading the world in putting driverless cars on the road.
Shri Narendra Modi’s own words written in his blog on October 2, 2018 shows his vision in promoting the legacy of Bapuji.
The Prime Minister comprehensively reviewed the “Crime and Criminal Tracking Network and Systems” (CCTNS).
India has jumped 42 places in three years to enter the top hundred in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Report 2018.
And, it reminds us that when we think of the 99 names of Allah, none stand for force and violence, and that the first two names denote compassionate and merciful.
He said Indians believe in Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam – the whole world is our family – and therefore assimilate with everyone easily.
The government has set a target of providing gas connections to 5 crore poor women by 2019.
Developing innovative applications and solutions based on space technologies and use of artificial intelligence
Prime Minister wished the women crew well, and said he would keep track of their progress around the world.
viii. Amendments of clause 11 (2) and 11 (3) of the Bill to include an expert on tribal matters or representative of tribal community as a member in both steering committee and executive committee of a State Authority.
The Prime Minister mentioned how Dr. Ambedkar had placed importance on education, and had achieved so much despite adversity.
The Central Service officers are deputed all over the states and they align the state with the vision of the Centre.
In the area of healthcare, the Prime Minister said Indian science must address the unique healthcare needs and challenges that confront India.
Like Usha ji, ”USHA School” is making the best use of every opportunity by utilizing simple and limited resources.
The Prime Minister met the President of Cyprus, Mr. Nicos Anastasiades.
Friends this is our dream.
PM said that India has seen remarkable progress in the last four years.
Perhaps an overdose for some.
I thank all nations helping us doing so.
Information of about 13,500 martyrs has been recorded in these volumes.
More than 5 crore women have been mobilized into 45 lakh Self Help Groups (SHGs) by May 2018.
We have given cooking gas to large numbers of people who were not able to afford it so far.
The proposed terms of references of the Commission are as follows:
Implementation of this project would help minimising some of the water of the River Ravi which at present is going waste through the Madhopur Headworks downstream to Pakistan.
The spirit of innovation, adaptation and problem solving is inherent in both countries.
I also remember Pandit Deendayal ji’s exemplary skills as a political organiser.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Guru Ravidas on the occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
He was accompanied by the senior officials of the Bank.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured.”
Highlighting the National Nutrition Mission, PM said that ‘Poshan Abhiyaan’ launched from Jhunjhunu in Rajasthan, targets reduction in incidence of stunting, anaemia, malnutrition and low birth weight.
Shichagi Bhanida,
The Prime Minister released Narmada Pravah – the Mission Work Plan for the river Narmada.
I have regularly engaged with global CEOs from the oil and gas sector.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of Aadhar card enrolment.
As a precursor to the launch of the Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojana (PMMY) in April, 2015, MUDRA Ltd. was set up as a corporate subsidiary of SIDBI in March, 2015.
No one can be more conscious of climate change than Indians and Africans.
Everything does not merit a childish conduct:
Today is a historic day when the largest industrial unit of Kerala is entering its next phase of development.
But, his life, his message and his dreams remain forever a source of inspiration.
Further, in the last week of March 2018, a Letter of Intent (LOI) was signed between Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) represented by Chairman, ISRO and the Government of the Republic of Sao-Tome and Principe represented by its Minister for Foreign Affairs and Communities on installation and operation of a ground station in Sao-Tome and Principe for Indian space programme.
i. MMRDA will pay the difference in cost of land of 40 acres, as per the stamp duty ready reckoner rate based on 2016-17 arrived at Rs. 472.70 crore or as per the ready reckoner rate at the time of final handing over of land, whichever is higher.
Oneness with our families, with the society we live in, with fellow humans, with all the birds, animals and trees with whom we share our beautiful planet…this is Yoga.
The more the villages, the poor, the farmers, the dalits, the tribals, the marginalized, the oppressed, the deprived and women are empowered, and financially enabled to stand on their own feet, the stronger the country will become, and the faster will be the pace of development.
The work in that direction will become easier.
The Prime Minister was speaking after inaugurating the Badarpur-Faridabad Metro Line at Faridabad.
They reiterated the importance of building an open, multipolar, pluralist and participatory global economic order which will enable all countries to pursue their development and contribute to the elimination of poverty and inequality in all regions of the world.
For greater cooperation and exchange of information in Maritime domain awareness between the Indian Navy and Japan Maritime Self Defence Force
I am also happy to share with you today another major milestone achieved by India.
Its success is a concrete result of our common efforts.
We have actually acted.
An India where enterprises, large and small, have access to capital and credit,
And, as we travel on the road ahead, we will do so with the wisdom of our experience and the benefit of your guidance.
The tallest of our leaders, such as Maulana Azad, and important spiritual leaders, such as Maulana Hussain Madani, and millions and millions of ordinary citizens, rejected the idea of division on the basis of religion.
I would like to know from the Prime Minister how this MUDRA bank can support entrepreneurs like us.
By reducing crop burning & conversion of agricultural residues/wastes to biofuels there will be further reduction in Green House Gas emissions.
About 6 crore women have joined the self-help groups under the Din Dayal Antayoday scheme and more than Rs. 75000 crore of loans have been provided to such self-help groups.
4. She became the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu in 1991 and served the State as Chief Minister from June, 1991 to May, 1996, from May, 2001 to September, 2001, from March, 2002 to May, 2006, from May, 2011 to September, 2014 and from May, 2015 to 5.12.2016.
Further, services of two Assessors who are water resources experts having experience in handling sensitive water-related issues will be provided to advise the Tribunal in its proceedings.
Our history had many common chapters.
He laid the foundation stone for extension of Terminal Building of Surat Airport which will lead to enhanced connectivity and prosperity in Surat and the Southern Gujarat region.
They identified a need to collaborate and exchange technical knowledge in research and development, testing and administration of testing systems for vehicles.
LPG receipt through pipeline will bring down movement of LPG tankers on roads.
A big cleanliness drive was conducted there.
It is indeed a proud moment not just for God’s Own Country but also for the entire Nation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposed Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Export-Import Bank of India (EXIM Bank) and Export-Import Bank of Korea (KEXIM) for export credit of USD 9 billion for infrastructural development in India and for the supply of goods and services as part of projects in third countries.
In his address, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said it is the love and affection of the diaspora for the land of their forefathers which has brought them to India.
It was also agreed to intensify cooperation in the areas of training and capacity building of Maldives Police Service and Maldives National Defence Force.
May the new year bring with it new hopes, more prosperity and good health.
We keep telling with great fanfare the whole world that India is a country where 65% of the population is below the age of 35 years.
PM also requested them to spread the values of Gandhi ji and Guru Nanak Dev ji and become a part of their anniversary celebrations.
Arunachal Pradesh, Delhi, Kerala and Madhya Pradesh will continue availing of NSSF loans, 26 other States and Puducherry who are eligible to borrow from the market have preferred to stop taking loans from the NSSF.
It expands our limited sense of self, to see our families, societies and mankind, as extensions of our own self.
A final-status agreement should respect the sentiments and address demands of all affected parties.
Due to one careless allegation in the House on Rafale, both nations had to release statements:
He saw a vital place for youngsters in the realm of nation building.
• India’s highest ever output of coal was achieved in 2015.
There is no access to arms.
Terror and violence cannot be the instrument to shape Afghanistan’s future or dictate the choices Afghans make..
They continue to serve as a bridge between our countries and regions.
iii.Export certification for vehicles and components for Europe/South Africa/Malaysia/ Indonesia/Brazil etc. for Indian manufacturers, in collaboration with other authorized agencies.
In this context, he also mentioned the importance of well-trained local tourist guides, who are familiar with the history and heritage of their area.
You must have noticed in the Budget that we have decided to do something unconventional.
I have instructed the concerned department to convey to you efforts being made in this direction.
For the last four quarters, India has been the fastest growing large economy in the world.
He was briefed on the progress made in this regard, including the technology interventions made recently.
Similarly, the media discussed extensively about the 16 year old Rajani.
The Prime Minister mentioned the ongoing Kumbh Mela at Prayagraj, and said the world was taking note of the cleanliness that had been kept at Kumbh this time.
There are times when we come across many slogans on safety at the work place but none following their letter and spirit.
1. Time Related Continuity allowance (TRCA) structure and slabs have been rationalised.
Every day at work, I draw on this sacred energy.
The Prime Minister said this time the contingent has been sent in advance, so that players get familiar with the conditions.
2. Satellite communication and satellite-based navigation;
Under the new arrangement with Home Minister as Chairman and Minister of DoNER as Vice Chairman, NEC and all the Governors and Chief Ministers of North Eastern States as Member would provide a forum for discussing inter-state matters more comprehensively and also consider common approaches to be taken in future.
And, we need solutions that are comprehensive and rooted in science and innovation.
Condolences to the bereaved families.
He mentioned that the mischievous and malafide reports were utterly baseless and false, and seemed intended to create misunderstanding between the two leaders as well as damage the cordial relations between the two friendly neighbours.
The Prime Minister described Basaveshwara as a great philosopher and social reformer, who had fought against social evils of his time, and worked for the strengthening of democracy at the grassroots.
The Prime Minister also met his family members and wished him a speedy recovery.
They now have access to affordable pensions and insurance.
The capabilities of the NCMC include state of the art real time monitoring, data collection, analysis and modelling.
I hope that Yoga can become a binding force for the world.
They are making efforts to know about nature and are learning the art of living and trying to understand the world.
It will have 200 general ward beds.
Friends, very few regions of the world have such intensive historical interfaces as this region has.
Specific and actionable information in this regard has been provided to Pakistan.
The Prime Minister will visit the Kashi Vishwanath Temple at Varanasi.
We need strong pathways to commercialization that leverage our research and development achievements to industrial products.
The lower income class and the middle income class are getting interest subsidy on loans.
In a voice that choked repeatedly with emotion, the Prime Minister spoke of his parents, especially his mother, and how she had struggled to bring up her children.
He mentioned the importance of thinking in terms of ‘global citizen’ or ‘global village.’
“People across India are celebrating the start of the new year.
When we took office, we found that 58 million non-corporate enterprises provided one 128 million jobs.
The vote is the most effective tool in bringing about a positive change in the lives of millions of people.
We will join hands in taking our country forward with heartfelt vigor.
6. Procurement of health equipment and pharmaceutical products;
They urged an immediate end to all support and sanctuaries enjoyed by terrorist groups and individuals and were of the view that States that aid, abet and directly or indirectly support terrorism should be condemned.
My dear countrymen, in our country, there is a Neelakurinji flower which blooms once every 12 years.
15. President Solih expressed his happiness at the signing of the Agreement, as this will facilitate many Maldivians who send their children to school in India, to be able to accompany them.
Today’s peacekeepers are called upon not only to maintain peace and security, but also address a range of complex challenges.
Addressing the gathering, Narendra Modi said that India is now seen as a shining star in the world.
My understanding of your great country began long before I entered public office.
In the current Budget, more than Rs.30,000 crores have been earmarked for the North East region.
The Prime Minister will then proceed to Pune.
Telangana Super Thermal Power Project expected to commission in third quarter of 2020-2021.
Further, in case of a dispute between CPSE and State Government’s Department/Organization, the Committee will be comprised the Secretary of the Ministry/Department of the Union to which the CPSE belongs and Secretary-D/o Legal Affairs and a senior officer nominated by the Chief Secretary of the State concerned.
He said, “In 2014 there were around 25 lakh PNG connections which became 46 lakh in just four years.
Mentioning the Atal Incubation Centre that was inaugurated today, he said that startups are already beginning to get connected with this.
And, we are deeply touched that you have chosen to name one of the wings in this building the Atal Block.
R&D on second and third generation biofuels and fuel cells are required to meet the country’s energy challenges.
Sardar Saheb was also a member of the constituent Assembly.
Freight and Passenger Cars
The Government of India is committed to ensure that every woman gets adequate support and health care during pregnancy and at the time of delivery and every newborn is immunized on time which is the foundation for better health of the mother and the newborn.
I have been told that many suggestions have been received.
In Afghanistan, despite distance and difficulties in transit, our partnership assists in reconstruction, by building institutions and capacities.
There will be problems and difficulties in creating such a market.
BRICS Business Forum (13 October 2016, New Delhi)
Numerous references of voyages and expeditions of the Chola-Navy are found even today in “Sangam – literature”.
The ‘Make in India’ initiative is designed to help achieve this.
But when the product goes out, we can see the inequality due to different tax regimes of different states.
Its successful completion is not just another fine example of the strength of our special and privileged Strategic Partnership.
All such points need to be pondered upon when we observe Engineers Day.
Both of them also exchanged views on the regional situation, including in the South Asia and the Asia Pacific region.
You will be pleased to know that in this programme, Malaysia, New Zealand, Switzerland, Portugal, Mauritius, Fiji, Tanzania, Kenya, Canada, Britain, Surinam, South Africa and America, and many other countries wherever our Mayors or MPs of Indian Origin exist, all of them participated.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated to the Nation, the rail portion of a newly constructed Rail-cum-Road Bridge at Patna.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Hazaribagh and Ranchi in Jharkhand tomorrow on 17 February.
You are the proud sons and daughters of the Indian heritage.
· Hiroshima University signed agreements, memorandums and annexure with eight india institutes as follows:
In 2015, the world took two historic steps.
The Prime Minister urged all Secretaries of the Government of India, and all Chief Secretaries of States, to come up with concrete plans and objectives for transformative change, to be achieved by the 75th anniversary of independence in 2022.
Thanks for having us here.
Our saints inspired the whole society to move:
· Memorandum of Understanding Between Shizuoka University, Japan and National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research (NIPER), S. A. S. Nagar was signed in October 2018.
India’s record of building and operating PHWR reactors over the last nearly forty years is globally acclaimed.
He spoke about the progress being made in sanitation.
To honour and deepen our links of Buddhist heritage, I have the great pleasure to announce that from August this year, Air India will operate direct flights between Colombo and Varanasi.
In this context, the leaders noted with concern that no substantial progress had been made since the 2005 World Summit where all the Heads of State and Government had unanimously supported the “early reform” of the Security Council as an essential element of the overall effort to reform the United Nations.
I had visited a public library to motivate people to read.
The entire process, including Inter Ministerial Consultations (IMC) is quite lengthy and time consuming.
The merger is likely to result in recurring savings, estimated at more than Rs. 1,000 crore in the first year, through a combination of enhanced operational efficiency and reduced cost of funds.
Condolences to the bereaved families and wishing the injured an early recovery.
We have confidence in the strength of the joined hands of our people.
Appointment of the Adjudicating Authority would provide first stage review of administrative action under the PBPT Act.
1. Formation of C Corporation of Telecommunications Consultants India Ltd.
He said the Bansagar project had been first conceptualized about four decades ago, and the Foundation Stone was laid in 1978, but the project was unduly delayed.
· Making India a human resource power to be reckoned with, by connecting our talented youth to global needs and opportunities.
• A commitment to an open, interoperable, secure, and reliable cyberspace environment;
If there are going to be so many problems in one person’s life due to the changes then it’s natural to face hick ups when the system is changed after 70 years and in a country which has a population of 1.25 billion and which has internalised these habits and where two-three generations have spent their lifetime with those habits.
Addressing the gathering, which has also been described as a “Vichar Kumbh” on the sidelines of the Kumbh Mela, the Prime Minister described this convention as the birth of a new effort.
· Our products are able to beat the rest.
The focus of this conference on Multilaterism with Multipolarity is thus timely.
Lord Jagannath is the God of the poor.
At the outset, I apologise for the delay due to logistical reasons.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to pay Productivity Linked Bonus (PLB) equivalent to 78 days wages to eligible non-gazetted railway employees (excluding RPF/RPSF personnel) for the financial year 2016-17.
This Kendra is dedicated to the over-seas Indian community.
I have always said that government has no business to do business.
It will be applicable to both smoking and chewing or smokeless tobacco (SLT) forms as negotiated and adopted under Article 15 of the World Health Organization Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (WHO FCTC).
Over 24 lakh RFID tags have been issued so far, and over 22 percent of toll revenue now comes from electronic toll collection.
We all belong to the middle class and happy comfortable families.
This time too, we need to ensure that we do yoga ourselves and motivate our family, friends and all others from now itself to do yoga.
These days, after Rio Olympics, Pulela Gopi Chand ji is being talked about everywhere.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to transfer of 14.86 hectares of land from Farakka Barrage Project under the Ministry of Water Resources to Inland Waterways Authority of India under the Ministry of Shipping for construction of a new navigational lock parallel to the existing navigational lock at Farakka.
The Diesel Locomotive Component Factory at Dankuni on Eastern Railway has been set up for manufacturing of 100 high horse power Diesel Locomotive under-frames per year and machining of 72 crank case per year to bridge the gap between loco production requirement and Diesel Locomotive Works/Varanasi’s own manufacturing and machining capacity.
We have also gone a step further in extending a long-term 10-year visa facility to eligible Japanese business persons.
With its decision to ratify the Agreement, India will be one of the key countries that will be instrumental in bringing the Paris Agreement into force.
It is a result of these reforms that India today ranks 100 among 190 countries in the Doing Business Report, of the World Bank, after climbing up 42 ranks!
The delegation comprised producers and CEOs of companies in the entertainment industry.
The total financial implication will be Rs.2,27,82,096 (Rupees two crore twenty seven lakh eighty two thousand ninety six only) per annum.
India is now ripe, for a sweet revolution.
And now even their stumps are expensive.
While this was not an original goal of Girinka, it has evolved to become a significant aspect of the program.
This will help in freeing up AAI’s land measuring 106.76 acres which is already being utilized by the State Government of M.P. for various purposes i.e. establishment of Government Offices, public amenities services, and for rehabilitation of migrated Sindhi families.
Mandates are ambitious; but, resources are often inadequate.
Work is under way on that.
I warmly congratulate him on his victory in the recent elections.
the Jan Suraksha Yojana,
• Strengthening the rule-based global trading system and ensuring that new trading blocs do not lead to division of the global trade regime.
Mr. Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
My young, dynamic friends, this is your opportunity to lead a new era of innovation.
Jawans of the ITBP joined the interaction from the high altitude Pangong Lake in Ladakh.
31. The Sides welcomed the signing of the Joint Declaration – “India-Russia Economic Cooperation: The Way Forward” by Minister of Commerce and Industry of India Suresh Prabhu and Minister of Economic Development of the Russian Federation Maxim Oreshkin in March 2018 in New Delhi.
South Africa could also join hands with India in our campaign for New and Renewable Energy, specifically through the “International Solar Alliance”.
PM praised Nanaji Deshmukh for his contribution to the society and said “Nanaji Deshmukh’s stellar contribution towards rural development showed the way for a new paradigm of empowering those living in our villages.
The Prime Minister regretted that the United Nations had not been able to come up with a structured response to terrorism.
Train scheduling and operation improvement
He said that while some misguided youngsters were pelting stones, the youth of Kashmir were cutting stones to create infrastructure.
The foreman shall have the minutes of the proceedings signed by such subscribers within a period of two days following the proceedings;
The agreements concluded today are reaffirmation of our intent to strengthen cooperation in this direction.
He added that the 19th Kushok Bakula Rinpoche distinguished himself as an outstanding diplomat.
As scholars say, it is an instrument to produce reform through peace, rather than by force.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to postal services.
The BMEC and AKIC projects are at early stages of project development.
Nearly 19 lakh new citizens have come under the scope of indirect taxes following the implementation of GST.
In Kathua district in Jammu & Kashmir, all departments have been connected with ‘Beti Bachao – Beti Padhao Yojana’ under the Convergence Model and in addition to the convening of Gram-Sabhas, all efforts are being made by the district administrations for adoption of orphan baby girls and to ensure their education.
5. Other half of second instalment of funds will be released to the States based on functionality status of completed piped water supply schemes, which will be evaluated through a third party.
They added that there is need to spread awareness among the Muslim community that organizations such as the ISIS and Al-Qaeda, do NOT represent the path of Islam.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid his tributes to Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore on his Jayanti.
So, we will engage with the world in peace, with respect, through dialogue and absolute commitment to international law.
Financial assistance worth Rs.2 lakh will be provided to the family of each of the deceased while assistance worth Rs. 50,000 will be provided to the persons who are seriously injured in the flood hit areas.
I have this expectation from all of you.
The two Prime Ministers announced that 2016 would be the UK-India year of Education, Research and Innovation.
Elaborating on the Union Government’s guiding principle of Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas, the Prime Minister said the schemes of the Union Government are no longer limited to certain people, or to certain regions, and are reaching everyone without discrimination, in a balanced way.
• India has also jumped 16 places on the World Economic Forum’s global competitive index.
Captain Nishad’s efforts for the progress of Bihar were noteworthy.
States have an important role in not just regulating but also encouraging coverage for those who need it the most.
He is not from a big city, he does not come from a middle class or rich family.
Similarly, rice which is sold at Rs.30-32 in the market is purchased by the Government at this rate and provided to the poor at Rs.3 on ration cards.
Economists agree that when cash is outside the formal economy, it is a cause of worry.When it joins the mainstream, it is an opportunity for development.
This is precisely why Swami Vivekananda spoke of the heart of Saint Shri Ramanujacharya — the large heart that cried for the downtrodden at a time when being downtrodden was recognized and accepted as part of one’s karma.
The Central Government is authorized under section 90 of the Income Tax Act, 1961 to enter into an Agreement with a foreign country or specified territory for exchange of information and recovery of income tax for the prevention of evasion or avoidance of income-tax chargeable under the Income-tax Act, 1961.
The Memorial has four main halls each depicting the life and times of Dr Kalam.
Human Spaceflight capability will enable India to participate as a collaborating partner in future Global space exploration initiatives with long term national benefits.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Act East’ policy and 3-C (Commerce, Connectivity, Culture) formula for strengthening engagement with ASEAN speaks to our broad-based cooperation.
In addition, I look forward to engaging with leaders of nine other countries, including BRICS partners, in an Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue, hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
Your visit to India comes at an auspicious time, just before the advent of पोयला बोइशाख.
From IT and Electronics to Automobile and Steel, Korea has given exemplary products to the world.
“Judgment of the Hon’ble SC on Triple Talaq is historic.
It is India’s youth that is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights, the Prime Minister said.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary.
The city of Ahmedabad will greet Mrs. and Mr. Netanyahu with a reception, as they proceed to Sabarmati Ashram from Ahmedabad Airport.
Alternative lending platforms are offering innovative financing models.
So, Gujaratis also joined the trade.
The HEFA would be formed as a SPV within a PSU Bank/ Government-owned-NBFC (Promoter).
8. Memorandum of Understanding on Academic and Educational Exchange between Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad, India and Hiroshima University, Japan （October, 2018.）
It was a very emotional moment for me.
It does not just take a toll of lives, but can derail economies.
Your response is a clear affirmation that this is the right format for India and Africa to meet.
(13). A National Technical Board may be set up to provide knowledge and handholding to State Governments and local bodies in the entire process from identification to final procurement of technology.
They repeatedly expressed their wish for the State of Jammu and Kashmir to progress and be developed with modern infrastructure, as they have seen in Delhi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Sampla, Rohtak on October 9, 2018.
I am sure you will share your thoughts and suggestions on all the agenda items.
India’s own research projects with specific targets can be taken up in conjunction with other countries.
BRICS countries have been contributing to global sustainability and development.
I was not born with an aim to be in history books.
I can say that it was both inspiring and educative experience for me.
The Committee also emphasized the need to establish clear systems to monitor implementation, execution, and impact.
Then she came to know of the ‘Government E-Marketplace’ system initiated by the government.
The Prime Minister was informed of the progress being achieved in providing mobile connectivity to villages in LWE affected areas.
We both seek a concrete and effective outcome on climate change at COP 21 in Paris later this year.
This fund will be situated in Building Materials and Technology Promotion Council (BMTPC), an autonomous body registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 under the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
In a way you are a soldier in the cause of cleanliness and purity.
They also thanked the Prime Minister for the new online nomination process and for schemes like Digital India, which is bringing a big qualitative change in school education throughout the country.
I take this opportunity to thank the Nobel Media Foundation, the Department of Biotechnology, Government of India and the Government of Gujarat for organising such an innovative programme.
While doctors are a critical need for our societies, I hope that you will take the opportunity to get education in other areas as well.
However, at the same time, we are insisting on Zero defect and zero effect manufacturing.
The Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat is not a movement of any Government or any Prime Minister, but an entire nation’s movement.
He said Adi Shankara had united India, through the Vedas and Upanishads.
He gave similar illustrations for various water supply projects.
This would help in resolving the following issues:
But, he added that things are different today.
My dear countrymen, two days back on 23rd November, we all celebrated Shri Guru Nanak Dev Jayanti and next year in 2019 we shall be celebrating his 550th Prakash Parv.
It has often been viewed as a question of budgets and projects and expenditure.
The Government of Myanmar has started work on constructing two bridges, on its own, as these bridges needed urgent attention.
But this is possible because today we have a government in Delhi which is committed to accomplish the tasks assigned by the people of our country.
Our commitment and aggressiveness to achieve the goal in a faster and effective manner offers immense opportunities to British Companies.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the scheme for grant of Permanent Residency Status (PRS) to foreign investors subject to the relevant conditions as specified in the FDI Policy notified by the Government from time to time.
The Prime Minister recalled his earlier meeting with His Majesty and conveyed his best wishes for His Majesty’s good health and well being, as well as forthe peace and prosperity of the people of Morocco.
And when I was taking inputs from them in this conclave, I gathered information which I want to share with you as well.
The MoU is expected to be signed during the Home Ministers upcoming visit to Bahrain in the first week of April 2016.
“Have an idea for #MannKiBaat programme this Sunday?
The Prime Minister told that his Government believes in sabkasaath, sabkavikas for ease of living to the common man and appreciated the contribution and co-operation of Kerala government in completion of the project.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkarjee.
I would be exchanging views with the French President on important global issues including UN Security Council reforms and India’s permanent membership of the UN Security Council, India’s membership of the various multilateral export control regimes, counter-terrorism cooperation, collaboration on climate change and International Solar Alliance.
He assured that the Government is unwavering in its effort to create an India which is corruption free and in ensuring that the fruits of development touch every citizen.
· Early Registration of Pregnancy.
This greatly reduces wastage of inputs and increases crop yield besides protecting the soil.
PM said his Government is committed to all round development of North eastern states and assured them that it will protect their culture, resources and languages.
Journalism helps quench this thirst.
He actually extricated himself from the sting of terrorism and hatred and topped in the Kashmir Administrative Examination.
Be it the erudition of the Vidushis of the Vedic Period.
Following is the complete text of the article.
He said 14 projects are also being implemented in the State under the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana.
Congratulations to our junior hockey team for winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
There is no question of sparing anyone, and the political class is no exception.
My Dear Countrymen, some schemes of the Government are meant for ensuring savings for the common man.
Much of our urban infrastructure is yet to be built.
vii. Technology development and R&D projects
I thank people of Kollam and Kerala for their love and affection.
In this context, we welcome the first meeting of the India-Thailand Joint Business Forum to be held later today.
He was an ideal ruler blessed with exceptional administrative skills.
One of the biggest challenges in India today is to productively employ our youth.
The spirit of scientific enquiry was rooted in the pursuit of Truth.
He entered Tamil Nadu Assembly winning Kulithalai seat in the 1957 elections at the age of 33.
Towards mainstreaming the potential of AYUSH the policy envisages better access to AYUSH remedies through co-location in public facilities.
Instead of increasing suffering, Yoga heals.
Today, we stand at 77, he said.
He mentioned the Government’s efforts towards skill development, the Make in India initiative, and the Start-up movement.
UK is also the third largest foreign investor in India.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for accession of India to (i) The Nice Agreement concerning the International classification of Goods and Services for the purposes of registration of marks, (ii) The Vienna Agreement establishing an International Classification of the figurative elements of marks, and (iii) The Locarno Agreement establishing an International classification for industrial designs.
He said this would improve the health of the entire village, much the same way as the Ujjwala Yojana had improved the health of their family members.
I wish the cities the very best as they move forward with implementation and transform urban India.
(iii) suburban passenger kilometres converted by a factor of 0.053.
The advisors/ intermediaries like Merchant Bankers, Legal Adviser, Selling Brokers etc. as may be required for the disposal of movable enemy property, will be appointed by DIPAM through an open tender/limited tender process.
About 90% of the troops are deployed in Indo-Pakistan Border, Indo-Bangladesh Border (including North East) and Left Wing Extremism (LWE) States.
The Prime Minister said India stands for peace, unity, and harmony.
And, the valour and duty they stood for is alive in the spirit of the Punjab Regiment, the Sikh Regiment, the Jat Regiment and the Dogra Regiment in India.
My dear countrymen, ‘Mann – Ki – Baat’ has garnered accolades; it has also attracted criticism.
(iii). The administrative ministries concerned and the FIPB secretariat will provide complete information pertaining to the transfer of technology, if any, along with induction of foreign investment into the investee company.
We need to convince the people that every leader is not tainted and every leader is not only running after money.
The BHIM-App was launched just about two to two and a half months ago, but approximately one and half crore people have downloaded it.
The MoU was signed in Ottawa, Canada on 15th April 2015.
Under these circumstances, a strong regulatory system in every country and information sharing is a must for sustaining consumer confidence.
India turned 70 last year.
He is the epitome of knowledge, peace and compassion.
Similarly, CBM Contractors are not allowed to exploit any other hydrocarbon except CBM.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the 8th International Convention of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Samaj through video conference.
This MahaVishuba Sankranti may all your wishes come true.
We are hopeful of rolling it out in 2016.
The Project will be implemented by Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation Limited (MAHA-METRO), which will be a 50:50 jointly owned company of Government of India and Government of Maharashtra.
They recognised that both India and the UK are thought leaders on development, and agreed to elevate the official-level development talks to a Biennial Ministerial dialogue on Development.
· Meeting of the BRICS Environmental Affairs Working Group Meeting – 14 to 16 May (Pretoria)
Brothers and sisters, in this year’s budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
The Swachhata Hi Seva movement, which aims at generating greater public participation towards Swachhta, is being organized in the run up to the fourth anniversary of the Swachh Bharat Mission, on October 2nd, 2018, which will also mark the commencement of the 150th year celebrations of Mahatma Gandhi.
Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of Sela Tunnel in Arunachal Pradesh.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
Based on their shared vision, the two Prime Ministers reiterated their unwavering commitment to working together towards a free and open Indo-Pacific.
Radio telemetry is also being promoted to monitor tigers.
The Minister for Information and Broadcasting Shri Arun Jaitley, and the Chairman Prasar Bharati Board Shri Suryaprakash were present on the occasion.
47. The Sides, mentioning the results of the 10th anniversary BRICS Summit in South Africa in July 2018, acknowledged the intention of India and Russia to continue productive interaction in order to enhance strategic partnership within the association, defending priorities of building fair, just, and multipolar world order on the basis of strict observance of international law and the UN Charter.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the young cricketer from Sikkim, Nilesh Lamichanay, who recently became the first cricketer from the State to score a century in the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
In this regard F.SA.A.I. is engaged in promoting good eating or Safe and Healthy Diet habits.
Making affordable medicines available to all is another priority area for the government of the Philippines that we are ready to contribute to.
Put yourself to test, and you’ll find that a defeat in competition with others results in frustration, disappointment, despair and jealousy, but ‘Anuspardha’ or ‘competition with self’ leads to self-analysis and introspection and makes our determination stronger and more resolute.
My dear countrymen, if we, for a moment, pause to look with empathy at the happenings in society around us, and if we try to understand these, we would be amazed to see that there are lakhs of people, who besides their own personal responsibilities are working selflessly, for society – the exploited, victimised, deprived; for the poor and the oppressed.
Not only the elders but children also have become aware about cleanliness.
He said India is playing a key role in tackling these challenges.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of former Chief Justice of India, Justice AS Anand.
He said this issue would be resolved across urban India through the IPDS.
Pawan Acharya form Alwar, Rajasthan has sent me a message.
Thereafter following detailed consultations with the stakeholders and State Governments, based on the suggestions received, the Draft National Health Policy was further fine-tuned.
Similarly the state government feels that that more than 8 lakh poor families require homes This demand can be met through the Prime Minister Urban Housing Scheme.
And he replied, “India has exploded the bomb today!”
Ladies and Gentlemen!
ITPO has stated that the entire project is expected to be completedby September 2019.
He urged the officers to work towards creating the India of the dreams of freedom fighters, by 2022.
Since then several Institutional Agreements/ MoUs in the areas of Life Sciences, Material Sciences, High Energy physics, ICT, Biotechnology, Healthcare, Heavy Ion Radiotherapy, Methane Hydrate, Robotics, Alternative Sources of Energy, Marine and Earth Sciences and Technology, Peaceful uses of Outer Space have been signed between the Science Agencies of both countries.
99% land acquisition has been made and tenders have been awarded worth Rs. 33,130 Cr (JPY 523 billion).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with sixteen Governors of various provinces of Russia.
The project will bring unprecedented opportunities for scientists and engineers to dig deeper into the realm of gravitational wave and take global leadership in this new astronomical frontier.
He said that major rivers and reservoirs in the State are facing acute water shortage.
The Roadmap for Military Cooperation has paved way for greater interaction between the militaries of both countries, including in training, exchange of senior functionaries of the militaries, Staff talks and Exercises.
This is a time for ‘Sankalp Se Siddhi.’
Let me talk about the situation when we came to power.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to Tsunami after the eruption of a volcano in Indonesia.
This budget has made provisions for boosting defence manufacturing and providing the armed forces with modern and potent equipment.
Your start-ups and industry can then compete globally.
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
This would not only aggravate the congestion on streets but also increase the air pollution.
Let me also take this chance to invite you and Mrs. Netanyahu and your family to visit India.
The Prime Minister mentioned that the State from where young cricketer Pervez Rasool hails, should witness international cricket matches again.
We are also divesting our stake in the public sector enterprises, to instill market discipline.
The fiscal deficit had reached alarming levels.
He will then visit a Pashudhan Arogya Mela.
He will unveil the plaque to inaugurate the Museum on Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and Indian National Army.
India has woken up to the potential of Startup Ventures with great enthusiasm and energy.
But that stirred my mind.
You can share ideas, seminars and resources and equipment.
(ii) Specialist Medical Officers of Central Armed Police Forces and Assam Rifles of the Ministry of Home Affairs from 60 to 65 years.
PM told that 14000 bunkers have been built along the border for the safety of our soldiers.
I urge the fire brigade under corporations and municipalities to visit school children once a week or once a month and perform mock drills for them.
India is the first country to respond to the global commitment to reduce newborn mortality, subsequent to the launch of Global Every Newborn Action Plan (ENAP) at the World Health Assembly in June 2014.
18. Further agreed to promote joint collaboration on projects of mutual interest in the defence sector including in the areas of defence equipment and industry, research, training and capacity building;
This year, we are marking 125th anniversary of Swami Vivekananda’s Chicago address and Pt.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released the digital version of Ramcharitmanas, as a set of digital CDs produced by All India Radio.
I was told that London would be cold but not this much.
We have also launched a massive campaign to ensure that our farmers convert agricultural waste to valuable nutrients, instead of burning them.
It means “Gujarat Reads”.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved:
The Prime Minister explained how direct transfer of LPG subsidy, and the LED lighting schemes were saving thousands of crores of rupees.
The true realisation of the strength of a society also takes place during festivals.
2. Each year, the quantity of poppy seeds which shall be imported by India from Turkey shall be decided by Government of India in consultation with Government of Turkey taking into account the production of poppy seeds in Turkey in a crop year, balance from previous crop years and domestic or other export requirement of Republic of Turkey.
The future of fintech and Industry 4.0 is emerging in India.
Thanks a lot!
This is a living shared heritage.
Noting that several of the probationers had worked in the private sector before joining the IAS, he said that while their earlier assignments were “jobs”, they are now going to undertake “service.”
We have also opened up new inland shipping routes on large rivers.
Both sides agreed to work towards reciprocal opening of the EU Framework Programme for Research and Innovation ‘Horizon 2020’ and Indian programmes, and called for an intensified two-way mobility of researchers.
It will relieve CBSE, AICTE and other agencies from responsibility of conducting these entrance examinations, and also bring in high reliability, standardized difficulty level for assessing the aptitude, intelligence and problem solving abilities of the students.
The MoC covers the following areas of cooperation:
The amendment will benefit lessees desirous of transferring the captive leases not granted through auction.
How do we keep construction eco friendly?
47. Recalling the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) on the Iranian nuclear programme we call upon all parties to fully comply with their obligations and ensure full and effective implementation of the JCPOA to promote international and regional peace and security.
My thoughts are with the families of deceased.
The people of our country should certainly enjoy the rains but let us also be mindful that this is a holy gift from the Almighty.
Initiatives such as Digital India, Make in India, Skill Development, Demonetization and the thrust towards renewable energy came in for much appreciation from a number of CEOs.
It will thus be a responsible member of the community.
In South Africa, the Prime Minister will have bilateral meeting with the South African President and will attend the BRICS Summit and other BRICS related meetings.
I assure you of its early completion.
That is the foundation of our civilizational ethos – of pluralism, co-existence, open-ness and dialogue.
PM KISAN is a Central Sector scheme with 100% funding from Government of India.
The effectiveness of these missions can be ensured only by getting out of our deep rooted silos, and adopting a collaborative approach, which is essential to address our multifarious development challenges rapidly and effectively.
Dr. Wohn Kwang Yun, Chairman, National Research Council of Science and Technology (NST)
This country is yours; also the future of this country is your children’s.
During the last PETROTECH Conference in December 2016, I mentioned four pillars for India’s energy future.
This two-day Summit, celebrating the achievements of the participating countries in the area of Maternal and Child Health, was conceptualized to accelerate joint leadership for ending preventable deaths among mothers and children.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with people, including fishermen and farmers, affected by Cyclone Ockhi, during a visit to the cyclone affected areas of Lakshadweep, Tamil Nadu and Kerala.
As two maritime nations, keeping the sea lanes of communication open, and respect for international legal order of seas and oceans is a shared priority.
Response agencies need to interact with their communities, and make them familiar with the essential drill of disaster response.
A complete ‘Make in India’ initiative, the conversion is an Indian R&D innovation in the entire world.
He said Integrated Command Centres are an important part of this mission.
It provides for exchange of expertise and networking of information.
The natural capital denoting the stock of natural ecosystems should be treated at par with capital goods.
It can become a reason to carry good resolutions and good habits to all the villages.
Can you imagine what it means to accomplish 30% more efficiency in the Indian transportation sector?
An India where citizens trust Government and are trusted by Government.
Yoga helps in relieving tension and stress, and leads one towards a happy state of mind.
And, we have definite target dates for meeting all the basic needs of our people.
The policy is also aimed at enhancing transparency and reducing administrative discretion.
The Prime Minister said that contrary to the common perception in many nations, that Governments lead development and change, while citizens follow; in India the trend has been reversed in the last four years.
Just a few days ago, we have allowed 100% automatic route FDI in single brand retail and construction development.
23. We also expect ‘Make in India’ to be a key sector of bilateral engagement.
Old Provision / Penalty
Some of you may recall what I have said before – that true reforms are those which result in transformation in the lives of citizens.
Today when India speaks of climate justice or plays a major role in the Cop21 and Paris agreements or when we unite the whole world through the medium of International Solar Alliance, they all are rooted in fulfilling that very dream of Mahatma Gandhi.
Not only this, they lauded them and showered them with high praise for their brilliant performance.
It is an important milestone not just for Gift city but for India, in creating 21st century infrastructure.
Shri Narendra Modi described the launch of the India Gold Coins, bearing the Ashok Chakra, as a matter of pride for the nation.
The Bill will benefit a large number of transgender persons, mitigate the stigma, discrimination and abuse against this marginalized section and bring them into the mainstream of society.
Background:-
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of Kendriya Vidyalaya in Odisha’s Sonepur at an estimated cost of Rs.15.81 crore.
This will help taking up more number of projects with the same allocation as made available under Namami Gange programme with reduced financial liability in the initial years.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Indian revolutionary freedom fighter Shyamji Krishna Varma, on his birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today replied to the motion of thanks on the President’s Address in the Lok Sabha.
And for you the good news is that India is the largest trading partner of Kenya.
The recurring cost on these Institutions shall be met through Grant-in-Aid to them from Plan Budget Head of PMSSY of Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
This is Prime Minister’s second visit to the city.
Addressing a gathering in Madurai, PM said “In some ways, the laying of foundation stone of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences at Madurai today reflects our vision of Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat.
Such efforts reduce risk and create opportunities for local development and sustainable livelihoods.
It is natural for our countrymen to think of our safety and security.
The Prime Minister dedicated to the nation, Gangajal project, which will provide Agra with better and more assured water supply, at an estimated cost of Rs.2880 crores.
The IBSA Fund undertakes development projects in third countries.
The Prime Minister mentioned how the UDAY scheme has brought down losses of power distribution companies, describing it as an example of cooperative, competitive federalism.
We shall continue to receive something, learn something from them and keep on doing some good things.
People must have universal access to clean, affordable, sustainable and equitable supply of energy.
We welcome the establishment of Digital Economy Working Group within the framework of BRICS Business Council.
The Nordic countries welcomed India’s application for membership of the Nuclear Suppliers’ Group and reaffirmed their commitment to work constructively within the Group with the aim of reaching a positive outcome at the earliest opportunity.
So many have lost their lives because of it.
Denmark is a global leader in several niche technologies which are of relevance to India.
All of us are experiencing it.
It is, therefore, encouraging to see the BRICS Business Council take healthy shape three years after we set it up in Durban.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on his Nirvan Divas.
I am happy, to be here today, to address the Sixth Delhi Economics Conclave.
Amid global problems, I am happy to say that India is a haven of macro-economic stability and a beacon of hope, dynamism and opportunity.
However, now, very often, people perceive that the private sector offers better services than Government.
We have entered into agreements on marine science and ocean economy with several countries.
• Strengthen its education;
My dear countrymen, 13 crore Mudra Loans has been a major achievement.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Lance Naik Hanumanthappa.
We have many common interests and challenges.
How did it happen?
A message has come for you from someone, who is essentially a teacher-turned-a-value educator.
Since 1995, 12th January, the birth Anniversary of Vivekananda is celebrated as the National Youth Festival.
We are happy to share our experience with the Philippines in universal ID cards, financial inclusion, making banking accessible to all, facilitating direct transfer of benefits, and in promoting cashless transactions.
Recent acquisitions of hydrocarbon assets in Russia by investing 5.6 billion dollars for fifteen million tonnes of equity oil equivalent, are one such instance.
It gets inspiration through the teachings of Truth from Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
People, who cannot endorse corruption and black money openly, resort to searching for faults of the government relentlessly.
I am sure that this will improve further in the years ahead.
These projects are a part of Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana which aims to set up 20 AIIMS across the country out of which six have already been established, and to upgrade 73 medical colleges across the country.
The BUR has undergone multitier review process, through peer review, review by Technical Advisory Committee of Experts chaired by Additional Secretary (Climate Change) and by National Steering Committee chaired by Secretary (EF&CC).
“Delighted on the successful maiden test firing of Brahmos ALCM from Su-30MKI.
As the government marks three years of its nation and people centric governnace, in a first of its kind project for India’s nuclear power sector, the ten new units will come up in fleet mode as a fully homegrown initiative.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
The airport sector is the top contender among infrastructure sectors in terms of international interest.
But as a friend, I want to suggest you certain tips about of how to utilize your vacation.
• incentivizing Anganwadi Workers (AWWs) for using IT based tools
Railways Sector
The Prime Minister said CPSEs can work as role models in many areas such as paperless work culture, cashless transactions, and waste management.
They can also mould our thinking and open a window to the world.
He also paid floral tributes at the Vigraha of Srila Prabhupada, the Acharya of ISKCON.
He invited everyone to come and explore the Himalayas.
This is the biggest multi-sectoral event and exhibition ever held in India.
My mind is filled with memories of working with M Venkaiah Naidu Garu, in the Party & Government.
These include:
Myanmar is special for us.
Food processing also holds solutions to nutrition security.
Friends, We understand that in order to make more homes and better homes, we also have to be sensitive to the suggestions of those in the housing sector.
In course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, it was noted that remarkable progress has been made in several areas.
They have made us proud.
I have spoken to officials and asked them to ensure all possible help to those affected due to the stampede in Varanasi”, the Prime Minister said.
This is what we also see in the 2030 Agenda.
It is being run and managed by their respective Society registered under the Andhra Pradesh Societies Registration Act, 2001 till such time this Institute is brought under the National Institutes of Technology Science Education and Research Act (NITSER) 2007.
The exhibition has around 30 exhibits, and features about 20 different kinds of interactive and media experiences.
The Prime Minister has approved an ex- gratia of Rs. 2 lakh each from the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund for the next of kin of those who have lost their lives due to unseasonal rain and storms in various parts of Gujarat.
The CISF came into existence in 1969 with a sanctioned strength of only three Battalions.
On Subhas Bose’s Jayanti this year, the Prime Minister inaugurated a museum in the same building, dedicated to Netaji, and the Indian National Army.
The Convention protects the most vulnerable from the harmful effects of mercury and also protects the developmental space of developing countries.
Due to such a great saint tradition, we have been continuously realising the concept of national unification and nation building.
BRICS Handicraft Artisans’ Exchange Programme 22.
In Independent India our Mantra should be “Good Governance is my birthright”.
Prime Minister said that he was looking forward to participating in the Summit on 25 September 2015.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his twenty-fourth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
So, I thought I must share it with you.
“Congratulations to the Indian scientists who are among the recipients of the Special Breakthrough Prize in Fundamental Physics.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the implementation of Indore Metro Rail Project comprising Ring Line of length 31.55 Km from Bengali Square – Vijay Nagar – Bhawarsala – Airport – Patasia – Bengali Square which will connect major public nodes and city cluster areas of Indore.
I am happy that a seminar workshop on table talk exercises and best practices was organized in Delhi.
But, in this digital age, we have an opportunity to transform lives of people in ways that was hard to imagine just a couple of decades ago.
2. Substantial ownership and effective control of Air India shall continue to be vested in Indian National.
The sharpest trajectory of change is happening in Asia.
However, there is great potential still.
• Expand research, innovation and business cooperation on new innovative energy technologies through the India-Sweden Innovations’ Accelerator, focusing on technologies to utilise renewable energy and energy efficiency.
This, of course, casts upon them, a great responsibility.
A Zen Buddhist saying in Japanese says – “Ichigo Ichie” , which means that our every meeting is unique and we must treasure every moment.
These include setting up of Gramin Agricultural Markets (GrAMs) so as to promote 22,000 number of retail markets in close proximity of farm gate; competitive and transparent wholesale trade at APMC through eNAM and a robust and pro-farmer export policy.
These two battalions will directly provide job opportunities to about 2,000 youth in the State.
I can make the sparrow fight against the hawk
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana beneficiaries from across the country, through video bridge.
The consortium also ensures better international orchestration of resources in the collaborative development of the Unified Model (UM) for weather and climate prediction.
In his remarks, the Prime Minister thanked President Putin for the opportunity to be present at SPIEF, in the beautiful city of St. Petersburg.
Both stand to gain by deepening their partnership.
This thinking is wrong.
The proposed measures are expected to make the textile sector competitive.
The Prime Minister asserted that a nation that does not honour and remember those who created, or are an important part, of its history, often does not have a secure future.
It causes interruption.
I am hopeful that this decision will help a lot in making our SSIs globally competitive.
It manifests the spirit of this great nation, which in Abraham Lincoln’s words, “was conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.”
21 Central Government Ministries and departments were implementing over 50 skill training programmes, operating in silos.
But, when I say that the world must come together, it is not just about more security cooperation.
After its approval by NCLT, approximately four to five months would be required to implement various steps involved.
Government E-Marketplace – GEM.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister paid homage to BhagwanBirsa Munda.
Prime Minister welcomed the delegation to India.
Just see how the citizens of the country are moving with a positive attitude; this is the nation’s greatest wealth.
I hope the state progresses to new heights in the years to come.
• Seventh, we will increase income from ancillary activities.
In our country, the cooperative societies are exempted from paying income tax.
He has a Master’s degree in Economics from Cambridge University.
This year will see the first ever Tri-services exercise INDRA–2017.
We want to see a comprehnsive fair, balanced agreement that lifts up all nations on the tide of trade and investment.
We are keen to build futuristic physical and social infrastructure.
Thank you for your phone call.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratification of the Bay of Bengal Initiative on Multi Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation (BIMSTEC) Convention on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on cooperation in the textiles, clothing and fashion sectors between the Ministry of Textiles and the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Australia.
Brothers and sisters, the essence of Babasaheb’s ideology has been rooted in many forms:
My heartiest thanks to you all.
You please reach out to the people, enlighten them.
Out of these, about 2.99 lakh employees are Board level and below Board level executives and non-unionized Supervisors.
Appreciating the new ideas and innovations envisaged in the presentations made by the CEOs, the Prime Minister thanked them for the valuable inputs and time devoted to ideation for the benefit of the country.
And, if we wish to restore the harmony between human and Nature, we must also harness the full potential of traditional knowledge.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Guntur in Andhra Pradesh, Tiruppur in Tamil Nadu and Hubli in Karnataka tomorrow.
For sustainable development, we must take strong measures to focus on Waste to Wealth Management in the critical areas of electronic waste, biomedical and plastic wastes, and solid waste and waste water solutions.
Cutting across party line even the MPs from the ruling party highlights its short comings while the members of opposition highlight its salient feature.
7 MoUs were signed at the event.
The two leaders welcomed the progress of India-Japan consultations on civil nuclear cooperation, and decided to continue discussions in this regard.
We pray for Onam to provide strength to the country, especially Kerala so that it returns to normalcy on a newer journey of development.
And this will also mean continuing our attack on corruption.
The sub-group comprises the Chief Ministers of Madhya Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Jharkhand, Kerala, Manipur, Nagaland, Rajasthan, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh and the Lt. Governor of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
Meeting of BRICS Development Partnership Administrations (DPAs) and Forum for Indian Development Cooperation (FIDC) (6-7 August 2016, New Delhi) 23.
Discipline plays a major role in laying the foundation of success in our lives.
For those of you wanting to share such information, you can send it on an e-mail address set up by the government for this purpose.
What took a hundred thousand men or a prolonged battle can now happen through the click of a button, in a span of minutes.
Despite this, our soldiers fought bravely and played a very big role and made the supreme sacrifice.
I invite each one of you to become a part of the exciting growth journey of India’s food processing sector.
Alongside trade, there are also ample avenues for greater manufacturing and investment linkages.
The land located in seven cities are lying unutilized for many years.
As Innovation, Entrepreneurship and Start-up Ecosystem is an integral part of the proposed NM-ICPS, the start-ups will also create a number of technology driven job opportunities in CPS and allied areas.
The MoU envisages cooperation between the two countries for application of space technologies in education, agriculture, weather forecasting, telecommunications, rural health, sanitation, urban development, resource mapping navigation, remote sensing and any other areas mutually agreed upon.
The new INTERPOL notice could add value to asset-tracing investigations and facilitate real time information sharing in complex cases.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Indian Badminton Player Kidambi Srikanth, on the victory in Indonesia Open Super Series tournament.
We now have a version in India as well.
Customs Mutual Assistance Agreement
I not only reiterate this wholeheartedly but it is my firm belief that the journey of India’s progress has been possible due to women-power and on the basis of their talent and we will continue to march onwards on this path of progress.
The policy supports voluntary service in rural and under-served areas on pro-bono basis by recognized healthcare professionals under a ‘giving back to society’ initiative.
He said life must continue to evolve, and the children should continue to develop their career, and continue to serve society to the best of their abilities.
My dear farmers, you should not be misled and definitely never be scared.
Many knowledgeable people have said that the twenty first century is, and will be, the Asian Century.
During the same period a scheme to declare black money was introduced.
Who amongst us would not have enjoyed playing Gilli-Danda in our childhood?
Both sides also recognised the need to mutually reinforce the Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction 2015-2030.
He said partnership with States for promoting development and boosting exports is not just an element of cooperative federalism, but also the need of the hour.
I firmly believe that sound macro-economic fundamentals are a necessary foundation for long term sustainable growth.
I am not in public life to further a dynasty.
They identified 500 issues where they felt the need to rethink.
I will definitely interact with you on 16th January and will discuss this in detail.
We worked together for a separate goal on climate change in the Sustainable Development Goals, and in a manner that addresses the interests of developing countries.
Also, three AIIMS in Nagpur(Maharashtra), Kalyani (West Bengal) and Mangalagiri in Guntur (A.P) have been sanctioned in 2015 and two AIIMS have been sanctioned in Bathinda and Gorakhpur in 2016 and Assam in 2017.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that this day is etched in history, because the biggest scheme for farmers since independence, has begun today.
In some areas certain restrictions were imposed in order to maintain law and order.
He said that France stands with India in the fight against terrorism.
Under the CFS, the Govt. of India has been supporting Indian Entities bidding for strategically important infrastructure projects abroad since 2015-16.
This will eliminate many layers of bureaucratic controls.
It is to ensure good regulation that the Securities and Exchange Board of India, – SEBI – was established by the Government.
I do believe that by doing so more and more people will get to know about our heroes who brought a change in society.
In last 55 months, 13 crore gas connections were given and 6 crore were Ujjwala.
The reforms we have undertaken, are of many types.
I have tried to capture some of these initiatives in my book, Convenient Action, which we shall present today.
He said initiatives for the Dalits and the marginalized are at the centre-stage in the working of the Union Government.
With this new spirit, with this new resolve, with this new aspiration, all of us should collectively move forward with a solemn pledge to make a New India.
The essential components include world class labs for Powertrain, Passive Safety Tests l (including crash tests), Tracks for proving technology (including the High Speed Track at Indore), fatigue and certification, Electro-magnetic Compatibility tests, Noise Vibration & Harshness tests, CAD & CME and Infotronics.
Income of businesses with turnover of up to Rs 2 crores was calculated at 8% of the turnover.
He spent 26 years in prison alongside Nelson Mandela.
The Prime Minister said the country is taking a new direction of development.
Shri Narendra Modi will also address the gathering.
He dedicated the campus of the International Rice Research Institute, at Varanasi, to the nation.
India today has gained in stature across the globe.
My congratulations once to the Railways Minister Mr. Suresh Prabhu, Rail Family and the Team Railway.
Herat’s India-Afghanistan Friendship Dam, also called the Salma Dam, that was launched a few months ago, will help revive economic activity for the people there.
The Central Government is authorized under section 90 of the Income Tax Act, 1961 to enter into an Agreement with a foreign country or specified territory for exchange of information for the prevention of evasion or avoidance of income-tax chargeable under the Income-tax Act, 1961.
· 3rd BRICS Games – 17 to 22 July (Johannesburg)
Our partnership, therefore, aims to balance responsibilities with capabilities.
I have laid this out as a challenge, but it is not merely a challenge.
The Prime Minister said India’s aviation sector is being transformed rapidly, and this augurs well for 125 crore Indians.
The mega festival of Chatth, celebrated 6 days after Diwali, is one of those festivals which are celebrated in accordance with strict rituals & regimen.
He will also inspect Dal Lake in Srinagar.
India’s export basket with Chile is diversified and keeping in view the wide variety of tariff lines offered by Chile, the expanded PTA would immensely benefit India.
PM lauded the role of Indian diaspora in keeping alive the tradition of VasudhaivaKutumbakam.
11. Together, our scientific communities are working on new vaccines for infectious diseases, inventing new smart materials, providing solutions for clean energy and climate change mitigation, and improving crop productivity including agriculture and food security.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today gave its ex-post facto approval for completion of the Afghan Parliament Building in Kabul by 31st December, 2015 at a revised project cost of Rs.969 crore.
We are committed to restore the state to its former glory so as to experience the paradise that it was, once again.
BRICS Local Bodies Conference 21.
So, in my visit to Singapore this March and in the observance of a day’s mourning in India, we wanted to honour a true friend and a very special relationship.
It is unprecedented.
We live in an age of unprecedented prosperity, but also unspeakable deprivation around the world.
The Prime Minister emphasized that India has never talked about communalism but always preached spirituality for the benefit of mankind.
This interaction was part of the National Conference of Chief Secretaries on the theme of “States as Drivers for Transforming India.”
They highly appreciated the decision to hold the first ever India-Russia Start-Up Summit in December 2018 by the Confederation of Indian Industries and Skolkovo Foundation.
Mr. Prime Minister, thank you for a very productive discussion.
(vii). Capacity building of renewable energy institutions;
• Consumption growth has shifted to non OECD countries: Middle East, Africa and developing Asia;
In the broad sweep of history, the changing world is not necessarily a new situation.
Of all his roles, his role as the editor of the Thuglak magazine was the jewel in the crown.
This gap should never have been so long.
Amongst them, India is now a pioneer in formulating a comprehensive legislation.
But Sardar Saheb was also Sardar Saheb after all, he was persistent and had remarked that he might have to give up on his post but Lok Manya Tilakji’s statue would certainly be built there.
And, when you began a new journey in a new century, we were proud to stand with you and walk with you.
The projects already received under the scheme have the potential to generate employment to the extent of upto one million persons (direct and indirect).
Later he distributed Aids & Assistive Devices to Divyangjans.
F: Cooperation between MAFF and State Governments, and some activities by private companies
Five, seven or ten days before my visit a large number of cleanliness drives are held.
Rajasthan is also partnering with Singapore in the fields of urban development and waste management.
I feel that a progressive path and creative mind-set to India-E.U Trade and Investment Agreement can enable all the European countries, including Belgium, to benefit from India’s strong economic growth.
I look forward to working closely with you to further expand and deepen the relationship between our two countries in the years ahead.
In the revamped scheme, a Gold Savings Account will be opened by customers at any time, with KYC norms, as applicable.
Lately, in all the states a lot of measures have been taken for water conservation.
Friends, This also represents a golden opportunity for the country’s banking system.
The Khurja Super Thermal Power Project will be based on Supercritical Technology with two units of capacity 660 MW each, equipped with latest emission control technology to protect the environment; has high efficiency and uses less fuel to generate power.
Dr. Sabri Saidam, Minister of Education and Higher Education of the State of Palestine
i. Ex-post facto approval for formation of an Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER), Berhampur Society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860;
This is in compliance of the Supreme Court judgement dated 27.2.2012 in the matter of Writ Petition (Civil)-512 of 2002: Networking of Rivers along with Writ Petition No 668 of 2002.
Belief in the energy of youth and their passion for change.
It has made reaching small island states no longer a journey of adventure, but a convenient click of a mouse.
The Prime Minister emphasized the need for improving efficiency, and fixing accountability at all levels to bring about a visible change in the situation at the earliest.
India hopes that all parties to the disputes in the South China Sea will abide by the guidelines on the implementation of the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea, and redouble efforts for early adoption of a Code of Conduct on the basis of consensus.
We have also agreed to work on an annual military industrial conference that will allow stakeholders on both sides to institute and push collaboration.
India is the 3rd largest investor in UK, and UK is the largest G20 investor in India.
This will effectively reduce their tax liability by 25%.
Now at least 50,000 km per day are being laid.
India has a fairly decent report card on bio-diversity conservation.
There used to be a lot of expenditure on operations and stents.
Friends, the FIFA Under-17 World Cup was organized this month.
The North-East can be the New Engine of India’s growth.
Launch of a series of development projects at Balangir is a step in this direction.”
So much of the modern history of India is linked to this building.
All departments have women performing duties… the commercial department, Railway Police, Ticket checking, Announcing, Point persons, it’s a staff comprising over 40 women.
We reiterate that the Conference on Disarmament, as the single multilateral disarmament negotiating forum, has the primary role in the negotiation of a multilateral agreement or agreements, as appropriate, on the prevention of an arms race in outer space in all its aspects.
i. Integrated Disease Surveillance
The Prime Minister said that while most people look for opportunities in life, Dr. Kalam always sought fresh challenges to overcome.
Our aim is not just to discuss, but to draw the right lessons.
This will help in reducing the shortage of commercial drivers in the country.
In addition, I hope to get insights into Israel’s accomplishments in technology and innovation through on-site visits.
As a result, the total FDI received in the country has gone up by 67% in a short span of three years.
Bharat Petroleum’s Kochi Refinery has played a critical role in popularizing the clean fuel, LPG among masses in Kerala and neighbouring States for more than 50 years.
He called for expeditious action to establish BRICS rating agency and stated that cooperation on development of Africa should be a priority.
Where the youth between 18 and 25 could sit together and brain storm about new India, find ways and chalk our plans.
This budget will provide an impetus to the housing sector in rural as well as urban areas.
The Russian Side positively evaluated the Indian participation in the Army Games 2018, Army 2018 and Moscow Conference on International Security.
Let us work together for peace, prosperity and development.
AIIB started its financing operations in January 2016.
But, today they are at risk of extinction in our globalised world.
The Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana targets poverty alleviation through sustainable livelihoods.
Benefits from ISARC
They will collaborate on development and sharing of information on housing and real estate data base including market trends, best practices and investment opportunities.
I also laid the foundation stone for eco-tourism at CheiraoChing, which is a popular hill near Imphal.
He recalled how the jawans of the Indian Armed Forces put their lives on the line whenever there is a natural disaster.
• Injectable Contraceptive DMPA (Antara) –3-monthly injection.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Scheme to Rebate State and Central Embedded Taxes to Support the Textile Sector.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
Assamese and Manipuri versions of Prime Minister’s Official Website launched
We will also be happy to support capacity building of wildlife personnel at the Wildlife Institute of India.
He recalled that in May 2017, he had also dedicated the country’s longest road bridge, the Bhupen Hazarika Bridge at Sadia in Assam, to the nation.
In this day and age, access to electricity and clean cooking solutions are basics that every person must be provided with.
Inauguration of 6 railway projects is an effort of our endeavour to enhance connectivity.
Brothers and sisters, why does it happen?
So today, more than a billion biometric identities, more than a billion bank accounts and more than a billion cell phones give India by far the biggest public infrastructure in the world.
The Prime Minister has sought answers on very pointed and direct aspects of the decision of 500 and 1000 rupee notes ceasing to be legal tender.
Our discussions underlined the importance of closer cooperation between countries like India and Ireland, which share democratic values and are consistent advocates of international peace and stability.
To carry forward the momentum of cooperation between the States and Union Territories of the Republic of India and Subjects of the Russian Federation, both Sides directed further intensification of direct contacts between business, entrepreneurs and governmental bodies on both sides.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Himachal Pradesh, on their Statehood Day.
He said the moments when he offered Charan Vandana to some sanitation workers, would always remain etched in his memory.
The Prime Minister also spoke of India’s developments in the field of clean energy, and the formation of the International Solar Alliance.
They underlined the need for all countries to ensure that their territory is not used to launch terrorist attacks on other countries in any manner.
The Prime Minister said, ” In every state there are a few districts where development parameters are strong.
This would ensure power to more areas.
My dear fellow citizens, the lives of great men will always inspire us.
The decision will put in place an institutionalized mechanism within the Government for speedy resolution of commercial disputes of CPSEs without the matter being referred to the Courts of law.
Sustainable mobility
Speaking on the occasion, at a large public meeting in Ahmedabad, the Prime Minister spoke of the high ambition and willpower of “New India.”
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with Mudra Yojana beneficiaries from across the country, through video bridge.
On the same day, I will also engage leading UAE and Arab CEOs in Dubai on the vast economic opportunities in India and what more can be done together to bolster business collaboration.
Thank you also for your thoughts on the strength of the Mozambique-India relationship.
We have built more than 4 Lakh toilets in schools within a year.
But, he added, there is a shift in the discourse in the last few years.
Being convinced that geographical contiguity, abundant natural and human resources, rich historical linkages and cultural heritage present great potentials for promoting deeper cooperation in identified core areas in the region;
But today, as I talk to you all on 26th June, we should not forget that our strength lies in our democracy.
I have an opportunity to spend the festival of Diwali with you.
Creating an enabling environment for business and attracting investments remains my top priority.
He also distributed the PM-SYM pension cards to select beneficiaries.
We are fully committed to the fundamental rights of the people.
This would help ensure quality in the reports, he added.
Our ancient texts go on to further list the mental faculties that assist in this pursuit of the Truth. श्रद्धा (dedication),मेधा (mental capacity), मनीषा (intelligence), मनसा (mind), शान्ति (peace), चित्त (elevated state of consciousness), स्मृति (memory), स्मरण (recall) and विज्ञान (application of knowledge).
Mandatory Screening of fields through designated institutions, to be notified by Government, and conducting Pilot before actual implementation of ER Project on commercial level, are other prominent features of the Policy.
The Multi-Modal Logistics Park (MMLP) at Jharsuguda is built at a cost of Rs 100 Crores.
They deliver health services and hygiene products to women.
Your Majesty,
Over a 6 million strong Indian diaspora in the region — rooted in diversity and steeped in dynamism — constitutes an extraordinary human bond between us.
Balanced and sustainedglobal economic growth also needs increase in labour mobility and skill portability.
A new India is emerging, which is being powered by the strength & skills of 125 crore Indians.
The Special Notified Zone at the Bharat Diamond Bourse became operational in November, 2015.
Your friendship and faith is a source of great pride and strength for us.
The main features of new Policy regime are Revenue Sharing Contract, single Licence for exploration and production of conventional as well as unconventional Hydrocarbon resources, marketing & pricing freedom, etc.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today presented the National Bravery Awards to 18 children.
There are no additional financial implications involved.
I see technology as a means to empower and as a tool that bridges the distance between hope and opportunity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Captain Jai Narain Prasad Nishad.
With this thought in mind I once again bow my head before the heroes of our freedom movement.
If government and banks extend help, this model of public private partnership can move forward.
Prime Minister highlighted India’s hugely successful space program and robust digital infrastructure being built in India.
The 13.5 km long, Khapri- Sitabuldi section of the Nagpur Metro was inaugurated through the digital unveiling of plaque.
He asked CEOs to partner with Government to build momentum in this regard.
But I have seen that despite rampant rumour mongering, citizens have stood firm with their faith intact.
You and I have something in common.
At no time in history were we blessed with so many possibilities:
Ours is a country of the vibrant youth and a rising middle class.
These days I get to learn quite a lot through social media.
Friends, for various reasons, we missed the first Industrial revolution.
Yet, you persisted and selected a stream that is conventionally believed to be unconventional but highly important for today’s age.
So, we must seize our opportunities, remove the obstacles to cooperation, instill full confidence in our relations and remain sensitive to each other’s interests.
• The Bill provides for attachment of properties / assets by the Competent Authority, and subsequent realization of assets for repayment to depositors;
This opens up a world of opportunities for us to work together.
Significant capacity additions have been made in transmission lines, transformer capacity, and inter-regional transmission.
I am extremely thankful to all of you once again.
I thank you for your leadership and your contribution to the strengthening of the India EU strategic Partnership.
We will promote manufacture of quality and affordable products in India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the Foundation Stone of the Vishva Umiyadham Complex at Jaspur, Ahmedabad.
GSAT-6A, a communication satellite, will provide new possibilities for mobile applications.
We want to make sure that our tax regime is transparent and predictable.
It has big potential for innovation and it has been setting a searing pace!
Bombay showed the way.
He thanked the Government of Sweden, in particular His Majesty the King of Sweden; and the Prime Minister of Sweden, Mr. Stefan Lofven who was present at the event, for the warm welcome he received in Sweden.
In this regard, the following changes have inter-alia been brought in the FDI policy on this sector:
PM Shri Narendra Modi has invited people from all over the world to come and discover the beauty of India.
BPCL Coastal Installation Project and ONGC’s S1 Vasishta unveiled
The most profound, yet simple, idea was that transformation of a nation begins with a change in the way we are.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, gave its ex-post facto approval to the signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Ministry of the Interior Germany and the Ministry of Civil Aviation of India for carriage of In-flight Security Officers (IFCOs) on board the flight.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that the country will give a befitting reply to those who are trying to foment terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir.
The Prime Minister also said that the Smart City Mission is based on civic participation, civic aspiration, and civic responsibility.
We agree to build on the existing capacities in the region and to explore the possibility of establishing partnerships with other regional and international entities in this sector.
It is proposed to levy fine for not destroying/or deleting/ or reporting the pornographic material involving a child.
MoU will be a precedent for engagements with other International collaboration partners and will enhance NPC’s visibility in arena.
The Prime Minister said that a Convocation should not be treated as the end of education.
I am also pleased to announce that we have decided to extend the 1990 Emergency Ambulance Service, currently in operation in Western and Southern Provinces, to all the other Provinces as well.
The Prime Minister said that about 700 Maoists surrendered after demonetization and this number is increasing.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy.
Also, 2015 was the year when India’s highest ever generation of electricity was recorded.
The State is using the waters of the Narmada for micro-irrigation.
The knowledge of Sanskrit connects us with our rich literature, heritage and glorious past.
We wish you well in your efforts to attract Foreign Direct Investment into South-Africa, as well as for the creation of over one million jobs for the youth in three years.
The launch of IPPB marks another significant milestone in the Union Government’s endeavour to take the benefits of a rapidly developing India to the remotest corners of our country.
The areas of co-operation under this MoU may include, but shall not be limited to:
Yet, with age grew a distinct consciousness about human suffering, about illness, about old age and about death.
Pained at loss of lives due to the stampede.
He said that this three month programme of Assistant Secretaries, is now into its third year, and would have a great impact.
Till 31st March 2017, 3.32 crore children were vaccinated in MR vaccination campaign in these States.
At that time we were dependent on water tanker and hand pumps and now we have laid such a massive pipe line that a Maruti car can pass through it, and it can supply plenty of water and fill the dam as well.
The Prime Minister said Indians must take pride in their own country.
He expressed confidence that relations will go forward even faster.
During its trial, this missile, based on interceptor technology, destroyed an enemy missile at an altitude of about 100 km above the surface of the earth and thus marked its success.
BRICSU-17 Football Tournament (5-15 October 2016, Delhi-Goa) 85.
In FDI Foreign Direct Investment, we are one of the most open countries now.
And, there is genuine goodwill and mutual respect between our people.
The MoU is an effective framework to deal with all issues requiring mutual assistance and cooperation in the above areas.
Earlier, the Prime Minister distributed e-rickshaws to beneficiaries, and interacted with them, at the DLW Grounds in Varanasi.
PM will inaugurate Multipurpose Indoor Sports Facility at Sephora, Ganderbal.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated weightlifter Vikas Thakur on winning the Bronze medal at the Commonwealth Games.
The Goods and Services Tax came into force at midnight, amid a historic midnight session in the Central Hall of Parliament.
Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Telecommunications 92.
Maybe the system has also become accustomed in dealing with these problems, and so do have the people become accustomed to them.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today arrived in Mangaluru on the first leg of his visit to Karnataka.
It is our aim to achieve enormous progress in the years to come.
So if possible, effort should be to plan for things that are estimated to be required after 25-30 years.
We agreed to sustain the momentum of our relations in key areas, including energy and investments.
He said that in the next five years, we should channelize our energies to build the New India – the nation that our freedom fighters dreamt of.
He also spoke of his interactions with the jawans of ITBP, years ago when he was part of the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra.
In order to tackle the problem of shortage of doctors, low joining and high attrition rate in Central Health Service, Union Cabinet in its meeting held on 15.06.2016, approved increase in age of superannuation of doctors of the Central Health Service to 65 years.
You prosper in trade and you make the plantation produce more.
Ours is a region of enormous promise.
Fishermen in the sea get help from space.
He appreciated the students for their persistence in selecting a stream that is conventionally believed to be unconventional, but is highly important for today’s age.
On Thursday, I had the privilege to host the ASEAN leaders for the Commemorative Summit to mark 25 years of ASEAN-India Partnership.
The Prime Minister said that the Mumbai-Shanghai Sister City Agreement has laid the foundation for strong relations between the financial capitals of India and China.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Valedictory Function of Vigilance Awareness Week 2016, at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi.
I wish you all the very best, in your endeavour to succeed in the emerging frontiers of scientific research.
He will launch the 90,000 units’ EWS and LIG Housing scheme under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
Today we share the same place of pride.
Today, we have met for around three hours.
Mr. Salahuddin Rabbani, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Afghanistan, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon.
To meet this goal, in October last year,महात्मा गाँधी की जन्म दिवस पर, I had the honour of inaugurating the Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra in New Delhi.
All PravasiBharatiya are now being linked to Passport Sewa and efforts are in to issue chip based E passport.
The Innovation Fund will be governed by a joint Board which will consist of four members from each country.
He will pay respects to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar at Chaitya Bhoomi, and unveil a plaque to mark the laying of the Foundation Stone of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Memorial at the Indu Mills Compound.
India is a preferred destination for investment and India is also an easier place to do business in.
A rising middle class is creating further growth in the domestic market.
And, we can advance stability and prosperity in our region.
Today is the 26th of March.
This summit is of great significance to India’s future, too.
So far more than 470 agricultural markets have been added online.
The Ministry in a first of its kind has already entered into an MoU with Ministries of Railways, for purchase of treated water from STPs wherever feasible to facilitate faster market development for treated wastewater.
Moving forward, using the springboard of our national experiences, BRICS countries can deepen partnership for win-win results.
Today India is a global leader, Indian businesses and culture are transforming people’s lives around the world, and for India to keep making progress, India needs to be a leader online.
We will also reduce the social and economic costs to our society and promote a more environment friendly healthcare system.
The Prime Minister said, “Congratulations to the people of Chennai on the city’s inclusion in the UNESCO Creative Cities Network for its rich musical tradition.
Satellite communication and satellite based navigation
Must know that nay such attempt is destined to fail and will be foiled.
We had extensive exchange of views on the situation in West Asia and the Middle East Peace Process.
The scheme has not only provided relief to the poor women from the smoke but has also become a huge source of their empowerment.
To strengthen cooperation in the field of sports development and excellence through joint programmes.
We agreed that the NDB should continue to focus on infrastructure, technology and renewable energy sectors.
He said, we are working on the mantra of Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas.
Indeed, that exactly was the topic of discussion on the radio.
The Prime Minister released a commemorative postal stamp on Dr. Kalam.
And, they are increasingly also becoming part/ of the global supply chains.
I hope you will go and see his paintings in the ‘Kranti Mandir.’
Ladies & gentlemen,
24. We have to work for the progress of Jammu and Kashmir.
Our active partnership across various facets and forums is a testimony to the fact that such engagement is possible.
The Prime Minister announced that India would give the Edhi Foundation Rs. 1 crore, as a token of appreciation, not just for taking care of Geeta, but also for the wonderful work that the Foundation has been doing.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy (HELP).
Now, our partnership is about a shared and prosperous future, which realizes the dreams of Madiba and Mahatma for our people.
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
Both leaders agreed to promote closer economic cooperation in sectors such as fisheries development, tourism, transportation, connectivity, health, education, information technology, new and renewable energy and communications.
To address the issue of road safety, a draft Road Transport & Safety Bill was prepared soon after NDA Government came to power.
Our economic partnership is quite robust and a key pillar of our partnership.
Every day I pass by a river, in which people dump a lot of garbage and pollute rivers.
One such demand is for the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana in their respective areas.
Each era is defined by its opportunities and challenges.Each generation has its responsibility to shape future.
Elaborating on this, the Prime Minister said that earlier, Government was almost the sole provider of goods and services, which left a lot of scope for ignoring one’s shortcomings.
More information about sending in monetary contributions can be had on kbs.gov.in.
Systems are getting technology driven.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today flagged off a train between Manduadih Railway Station in Varanasi, and Patna.
My thanks to all the political parties for this.
That is why the Government has laid stress on integrating Ayurveda, Yoga and other AYUSH systems into the public healthcare system.
(25). Review all laws and rules on waste management for strict enforcement and penal provisions like bio-medical waste and e-waste including municipal laws etc.
