He said that when the socio-economic conditions improve in the 100 most backward districts, it would give a big boost to the overall development parameters of the country.
Our nations are at the forefront of a technology revolution.
Mr. Jean-Yves Le Drian, Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs of France, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
The objective of the scheme is to make available at ground level, agricultural credit for Short Term crop loans at an affordable rate to give a boost to agricultural productivity and production in the country.
He said that the competition now is on development, and achieving aspirational targets such as total sanitation, or total electrification, or higher investment.
In the last four years, the amount of Foreign Direct Investment received in the country was almost equal to what was received in seven years before 2014, the Prime Minister said.
They underlined that connectivity initiatives must be based on the key principles of good governance, rule of law, openness and transparency; should follow social and environmental standards, principles of financial responsibility, accountable debt-financing practices; and must be pursued in a manner that respects international obligations, standards, best practice and delivers tangible benefits.
The Union Government has plans to focus on around 115 districts which are relatively backward when evaluated on various social indicators.
My participation in them symbolises India’s commitment to continue deepening relationship with ASEAN Member States, in particular, and with the Indo-Pacific region, in general, within the framework of my Government’s Act East Policy.
He urged the corporate sector to invest in a big way, especially in the agriculture sector.
I will also have interactions with other ASEAN and East Asia Summit Leaders.
Our friendship will be a factor of stability in our region.
Today, we often hear the name AMUL.
Both sides will scale up collaboration on Future Tech to tackle our global challenges; realising the potential of Artificial Intelligence (AI); the digital economy; health technologies; cyber security; and promoting clean growth, smart urbanisation and future mobility – while developing the future skills and capabilities of our youth.
In this context, he mentioned the famous athlete Hima Das.
Due to his initiative, an aerodrome at Agartalawas constructed that has evolved as the second busiest airport in the North East and provides crucial air connectivity to Tripura.
The Prime Minister recalled Mahatma Gandhi’s message that the ultimate goal of governance should be to improve the lives of the poorest of the poor.
Our financial services collaboration will be enhanced by a programme of technical cooperation to help develop markets in insolvency, pensions and insurance.
The swap arrangement is an agreement between India and Japan to essentially exchange and re-exchange a maximum amount of USD 75 Billion for domestic currency, for the purpose of maintaining an appropriate level of balance of payments for meeting short-term deficiency in foreign exchange.
He will address a public meeting.
The Prime Minister also saluted science lovers.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Interest Subvention Scheme (ISS) for farmers for the year 2017-18.
We are committed to making this a strategic partnership, that spans the globe and the century, seeing our special relationship evolve and improve in the coming years.
A land of peace and calm.
With the support of the State Government, we shall connect the State Capital Aizawl with broad gauge rail line.
He described the collectors, as not just representatives of their districts, but also of the youth of that region.
Sir, as you know, 31st October is Sardar Patel ji’s birthday.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his greetings to the citizens on the occasion of various festivals across the Nation.
Let me end with it:
37. In the context of the UN reforms, both leaders emphasized the importance of an effective multilateral system, centred on a UN reflective of contemporary realities, as a key factor in tackling global challenges.
Swami Vivekananda said – Where should you go to seek God?
He said collectors are fortunate, because they have been given the opportunity to dedicate themselves to the nation.
A Contempt petition has been filed in the High Courts of Meghalaya and Uttarakhand.
Trade, Investment and Finance
The Prime Minister, will also distribute loan cheques to selected beneficiaries of Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Farmers Welfare Scheme.
He said that whenever he is among the NCC cadets, he is filled with nostalgia.
c) The provision of additional financial resource of Rs. 1060.50 crore is on account of (i) meeting the cost of interest waiver for 2 months ( November and December, 2016) for crop loan disbursed by Cooperative Banks between 01.04.2016 and 30.
It is an anthem for universal friendship and world peace, which was sung by M.S. Subbulakshmi, in most of her subsequent concerts, after the UN concert.
He found that there were many ways to the divine, but followed with devotion, they all lead to one goal.
While India has made its fastest train, it has also eliminated all un-manned railway crossings.
The two leaders reiterated their strong condemnation of terrorism in all its forms including terrorism and terror-related incidents in both India and the UK.
Long before any faith, any culture, India had women saints who took up the issue of gender equality.
1. Vocational education services for Indian citizens for skill development in the field of construction, electric-power production and distribution, manufacturing industry, trade, auto service and household goods repair and maintenance, transport, communication, hotels and restaurants as well as other fields being in high demand in India;
May All become Happy, May All be Free from Illness.
The partnerships you have forged and the networks you have created are energizing the economic growth stories in each BRICS country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today appreciated Vice President Shri Hamid Ansari, saying that it reflects his skill, patience and intellect, to be able to function as Chairman of the Rajya Sabha for 10 years, where one has to be calm in all situations.
The Government is also committed to provide assistance for maintenance and up-keep of various wild-life sanctuaries and national parks in Mizoram with a view to attract tourists.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between United States of America and India to enhance cooperation in the field of wildlife conservation and combating wildlife trafficking.
He said the hopes and aspirations of India are at an all time high.
This Resolution Document, should include those 10 or 15 objectives which they feel should be achieved by 2022.
The tragedy is mind-numbing.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Tamil Nadu.
g) To promote safe, honourable and sustainable tourism.
Urging officials to break silos, the Prime Minister strongly emphasized that a mechanism should be formed to document and replicate successful innovations at the grassroots level.
Just yesterday, we approved a new Central Sector Scheme.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for interest waiver for the two months of November and December, 2016 for farmers accessing short term crop loans from Cooperative Banks.
The President recalled the Prime Minister’s congratulatory phone call and tweet in Korean language, which was warmly received by the people of South Korea.
The Government has earmarked a sum of Rs. 20,339 crore for this purpose.
To reach the common people, there was a need to make dharma, or right living, more accessible, closer to their daily lives.
The heads of Revenue of BRICS countries in their meeting held on the sidelines of FTA plenary at Beijing, China in May, 2016 decided to sign a MoC outlining these areas of cooperation.
35. The two leaders noted that people-to-people contacts were at the heart of India-Qatar relations and both sides would continue to nurture these relations.
The work you do in the Business Council plays a vital role in giving practical shape to the vision of BRICS partnership.
The Prime Minister said that the significance of India-France Strategic Partnership is not limited to the bilateral context, but acts as a force for peace and stability in the regional and global context as well.
This will help farmers getting short term crop loan up to Rs. 3 lakh payable within one year at only 4% per annum.
This facility will enable the agreed amount of Capital being available to India on tap for use.
e) To exchange experiences in the areas of promotion, marketing, destination development and management.
Approximately 15 lakh people and 150,000 trucks cross Petrapole-Benapole every year.
Similarly, India is proud to have stood with the people of Iran during your difficult times.
“Wishing our most beloved & widely respected Atal Ji a happy birthday.
The leaders agreed that terrorist and extremist organisations need to be denied space to radicalise, recruit and conduct attacks on innocent people; for this all countries need to work together to disrupt terrorist networks, their financing and movement of terrorists, including foreign terrorist fighters.
The Prime Minister said that the Government believes that NRIs are partners for India’s development.
3. It will also ensure coverage of all the blocks in Jammu & Kashmir under DAY-NRLM and ensures social inclusion, social development, promotion of livelihoods leading to poverty alleviation in the State.
For one’s own salvation and for the welfare of the world.
Unity in diversity is the strength of our country.
The Bhagvat describes Devarshi Narada, singing the praise of God
Together the UK and India are a force for good in an uncertain world.
Through centuries, our societies have stayed connected through art and architecture, ideas and traditions, and culture and commerce.
Spoke to CM of Odisha Naveen Patnaik about the distressing hospital fire tragedy.
India welcomed the decision by the UK to provide additional support to Indian businesses by establishing a reciprocal Fast Track Mechanism for Indian investments into the UK.
The Prime Minister said that the global impression about India has changed over the last three to four years.
The two agreements will deepen our defence relations and promote defence manufacturing in India.
I had laid the foundation for a new line to take rail connectivity to Aizawl in 2014.
The scheme also envisages other benefits including interest at concessional rate of 7% for storage in ware houses accredited by Warehousing Development Regulatory Authority (WDRA) for upto 6 months post harvest for avoiding distress sale.
Both sides also recognized the need for arranging regular meetings between Qatar Investment Authority and relevant Indian authorities and public and private sector companies.
1. At the invitation of His Highness Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al-Thani, Emir of the State of Qatar, Hon’ble Prime Minister of the Republic of India, Shri Narendra Modi paid a two-day official visit to the State of Qatar from 4-5 June, 2016.
They noted that the spread of terrorist organisations at the global and regional level, and the significant rise in acts of terrorism directly undermined the international peace and security environment and endangered efforts to ensure sustainable growth and development.
Different languages, different castes, different attires, different food habits and despite all these, unity in diversity remains our binding strength.
Hesitations have been replaced by hope, and obstacles have been replaced by optimism, he said.
He expressed happiness that in the last one year, NCC cadets have been associated with several important initiatives, such as Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Digital Transactions etc.
We have also agreed to enhance interaction between our defence and security institutions on regional and maritime security.
Further collaboration in these areas will be set out by Finance Ministers when they meet for the tenth round of the Economic and Financial Dialogue later this year.
They oppose the use of chemical weapons anywhere, at any time, by anybody, under any circumstances and are committed to strengthening the effective implementation of the Chemical Weapons Convention.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed district collectors across the country via video-conference, on the theme of “New India – Manthan.”
This will provide connectivity to remote villages.
It will be a historic occasion.
Through our history, our Saints did things that may seem small but their impact was big and this altered the course of our history.
Are not all the poor, the miserable, the weak, god?
In Kerala you call it ‘Vellam.’
Today we gather here to celebrate a significant mile-stone in the history of Mizoram:
Our land is home to writers, scholars, saints and seers who have expressed themselves freely and fearlessly.
He said the reason for this is that India is transforming itself.
We are betting on the skills and strengths of India’s youth.
At Aurobindo Ashram, he will offer floral tributes to Shri Aurobindo, and interact with students of Sri Aurobindo International Centre of Education.
India and Iran also share a crucial stake in peace, stability and prosperity of the region.
He laid out the vision of providing LPG connections to 5 crore poor households.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding between India and Belarus for cooperation in the field of Vocational Education and Training (VET).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today celebrated the second International Day of Yoga at Chandigarh, where he joined approximately 30,000 participants in a mass Yoga demonstration.
To promote coordinated global action to tackle plastic pollution including through the Commonwealth and India’s role as host of World Environment Day 2018.
The Prime Minister called upon Governors to strengthen the “Ek Bharat, Shrestha Bharat” initiative, which promotes partnerships, cultural exchanges and people to people linkages among States.
On Sunday, the Prime Minister will visit Puducherry.
• The MoU would bring in Belarus experience and expertise for overall improvement in skill eco system of the country.
I see no reason why Mizoram cannot become a net-power exporter.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for notification of Preferential Treatment by India to Least Developed Countries (LDCs) in Trade in Services in the WTO.
The UK and India will also work together to tackle threats such as piracy, protect freedom of navigation and open access, and improve maritime domain awareness in the region.
I laud HAL and ADA on the induction of Tejas fighter jet.
The Prime Minister asked the collectors to seek help from colleagues, intellectuals of the district, and students of schools and colleges, to prepare a vision document, or resolution document for their district before the 15th of August.
India and the United States of America are endowed with rich biodiversity and natural heritage and have established a network of Protected Areas in their respective territories.
7. Recognizing the existing goodwill, the two leaders agreed to further broaden and deepen bilateral engagement in diverse fields of mutual interest.
Prime Minister Modi expressed appreciation to the Qatar Museums for its decision to celebrate Qatar-India Year of Culture in 2019.
Aggrieved with the order, various Employee Associations of Hydro PSEs filed Writ Petitions in different High Courts.
His message is that of tolerance, of devotion, of surrendering oneself to the divine of One Lord with different names – the gyaani, the yogi, and the devotee.
India did not support the draft Ministerial Declaration as it excluded or failed to adequately cover important issues such as multilateralism, the Doha Development Agenda and special and differential treatment of developing countries.
We have taken a number of initiatives to infuse healthy competition among States.
He believed in the cooperative movement.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval to rename the Agartala Airport in Tripura as ‘Maharaja Bir Bikram Manikya Kishore Airport, Agartala.
I hope the situation in the affected areas normalises at the earliest.”, the Prime Minister said.
One sector is physical infrastructure relating to water supply, power, connectivity and especially projects promoting tourism.
The completion of this project is a reflection of our commitment to complete on-going projects and usher in a new era of development in the North Eastern region.
They emphasise the need for urgent investigations and underline that the conduct of all investigations of any use of chemical weapons must be strictly in accordance with the provisions of the Convention.
There is no additional financial implication as the approval is to extend the time line to cover two thirds of the vulnerable households in the State within in the originally approved financial outlay of Rs. 755.32 crore.
Once ratified, the ILO Conventions create legally binding obligations on the Member countries that ratifies the particular Convention.
h) Facilitate the movement of tourism between the two countries
It will produce 251 Million Units of electrical energy every year, and boost the socio-economic development of the State.
Similarly, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is dependent upon a responsive administration, and awareness among people.
A secure, free, open, inclusive and prosperous Indo-Pacific is in the interests of India, the UK and the international community.
We are committed to reinvigorating the Commonwealth, especially ensuring its relevance tosmall and vulnerable states and to our youth, who make up 60% of the Commonwealth’s population.
In September 2014 in Tokyo Prime Minister Abe spoke of 35 billion U.S. dollars of Japanese finance and investments for India over five years.
We have to help them in getting freed from their troubles in a stepwise manner.
At Chennai, he will attend the event to mark the inauguration of the Amma Two Wheeler Scheme – a welfare scheme of the State Government.
I am delighted to welcome Prime Minister Abe to India.
At a function in Navi Mumbai, he also dedicated the fourth container terminal at Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust.
The Heads of Revenue of the BRICS countries have been meeting regularly to discuss the potential areas of cooperation in tax matters and to exchange opinions and views based on the existing commitment to openness, solidarity, equality, mutual understanding, inclusiveness and mutually beneficial cooperation, as stated in the Goa Declaration issued on October 16, 2016.
Technology Partnership
The Belarusian side shall provide comprehensive transfer of know-how of emerging technologies, training and evaluation methodologies, content development for regular / distance learning / e-learning/training of master trainers, competency building of the assessors in area of their competency and network building & industry linkage;
The Prime Minister said that people in India are now getting opportunities and the right environment.
Finally , in recognition of our special relationship, India will extend ‘visa on arrival’ to Japanese citizens including for business purpose from 1st March 2016.
My Government is investing close to Rupees10,000 crores for a comprehensive improvement in the power transmission system in the North Eastern States.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Puducherry.
The MoU would lead to develop a joint activity in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
The UK has been the largest G20 investor in India over the last ten years and India has the fourth largest number of investment projects in the UK.
Additional resources are to be provided to Cooperative Banks through NABARD for refinance to the Cooperative Banks on account of interest waiver of two months for November and December, 2016.
I once again wish you all and the people of Mizoram a Merry Christmas.
The MoU was signed on 15th October 2015 at New Delhi.
The message of the saints was carried further by folk singers, the Katha-vachak, the dastangois.
The Prime Minister informed the collectors of the website www.newindia.in – which contains information and activities related to the ‘Sankalp Se Sidhhi’ movement.
Shri Narendra Modi said that occasions such as the seventy-fifth anniversary of freedom in 2022, and the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi in 2019, can serve as inspirational milestones for achieving development goals and targets.
Some WTO member countries were seeking outcomes on domestic regulations in services, disciplines on fisheries subsidies, E-commerce, Investment Facilitation and Micro, Medium and Small Enterprises (MSMEs).
He asked collectors to listen carefully to the poor, who approach them with their grievances.
They reaffirmed their commitment to work together with all members of the WTO and to take forward a dialogue under the Joint Working Group on Trade which will support a shared commitment to the global rules-based system and to the WTO’s role in underpinning it.
29. The Indian side invited Qatar to participate in the second phase of the strategic reserves storage facility being created in India.
The main objectives of the Memorandum of Understanding are:
The interest subvention will be given to Public Sector Banks (PSBs), Private Sector Banks, Cooperative Banks and Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) on use of own funds and to NABARD for refinance to RRBs and Cooperative Banks.
The Prime Minister asserted that science, technology and innovation are the keys to progress and prosperity of India.
India has already made a very generous offer to LDCs in the area of Trade in Goods in the form of a Duty Free Tariff Preference (DFTF) scheme.
My Government attaches a high priority to our bilateral relations with Vietnam.
My dear countrymen, tomorrow, the 31st October is the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the great son of India who vowed to unite India and made this the sole object of his life.
To promote business to business and tourism linkages, they also agreed to put in place appropriate mechanism for expeditious grant of visas to businessmen and tourists of the two countries.
With the commissioning of this project, Mizoram becomes the third power-surplus State in the North-East, after Sikkim and Tripura.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the Indian community in Washington DC.
May the New Year bring happiness and prosperity to all.
38. Prime Minister Modi expressed his sincere gratitude to His Highness the Emir for the warm welcome and gracious hospitality.
The Prime Minister appreciated the various discussions and inputs shared during the Conference.
We will also ensure continued application to the UK of EU-India Agreements during the Implementation Period following the UK’s departure from the EU, and put in place arrangements to replicate relevant EU-India agreements beyond this period.
They endorsed the Prime Minister’s vision of New India.
Despite fiscal constraints, the sharing pattern of core centrally sponsored schemes for North Eastern States has been continued at 90-10.
f) Foster bilateral cooperation through film tourism for promoting the two countries as attractive tourism destinations and
Both leaders discussed steps to further enhance bilateral cooperation in different areas, including in political and economic fields.
Prime Minister emphasized the importance of finding a durable solution to the political problems facing Nepal based on consensus or ‘sahmati’.
The Kyoto-Varanasi partnership is one of its strong symbols.
It was also decided to continue with the non-negotiating mandate of the existing Work Programme on E-Commerce, as proposed by India.
“Greetings on National Science Day.
He said that NRIs have an important position in the Action Agenda till 2020, drafted by the NITI Aayog.
In the Budget 2016-17 Speech, the Hon’ble Finance Minister had announced that “FDI will be allowed beyond the 18 specified NBFC activities in the automatic route in other activities which are regulated by financial sector regulators”.
He also remembered Bharat Ratna M. Visvesvaraya on whose Birth Anniversary Engineers Day is observed in India.
Education and People-to-People
As there were wide differences among members, with a few members not supporting acknowledgment and reiteration of key underlying principles guiding the WTO and varied agreed mandates, Ministers could not arrive at an agreed Ministerial Declaration.
A saint and social reformer from a backward caste who transcended the barriers of caste and promoted social justice.
But a phone call from a gentleman from Punjab and his pain touched me: –
A large number of Indian scientists are working in IRRI and contributing to R&D in this field.
Later today, I will show him the ancient heritage of Varanasi and our plans for its modern future.
Radio is a wonderful way to interact, learn and communicate.
A delegation led by Mr. William Burns, President of Carnegie Endowment for International Peace called on the Prime Minister today.
Such notions were absolutely false because India’s soil is that soil from where change has always originated.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has assured total support in the rescue and relief operations in the flood affected States of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh.
We believe in ’empower through enterprise’ – which is creating the right eco-system for innovation and enterprise to flourish so that our land is home to the next big ideas that can transform humanity.
Every teaching of Guru Nanak Dev preached that a campaign should be carried on to abolish superstitions, social disparities and social evils from the society.
It does not matter what community the person is from, what her caste or beliefs are.
Ms. Aishwarya and Ms. Saundarya briefly performed the “Maithreem Bhajatha.”
I also look forward to connecting with the Indian community in Philippines.
The two sides further agreed to take action against illegal transfer of money.
Our shared commitment to combating climate change is equally strong.
He added that persons of Indian origin have also been Heads of State and Heads of Government in many other countries.
He has spoken to the CMs and taken stock of rescue and relief operations.
The stand up scheme and Jan Dhan account scheme are aimed at freeing these people from the clutches of notorious moneylenders.
This MoU would pave the way for systematic transfer of their expertise and knowhow in skilling the manpower specially in manufacturing sector.
And so far I’ve heard that Haryana has managed to make seven or eight districts absolutely Kerosene free.
Given the diversity of the informal economy across member States, the competent authority should identify the nature and extent of the informal economy as described in this Recommendation, and its relationship to the formal economy using Tripartite mechanisms.
The pay scales of workmen and Supervisors were higher than the pay scale of Executives in the E-1 grade.
We will begin a new dialogue on investment to improve our mutual understanding of priorities and reviewfuture opportunities for cooperation.
The decision also provides for interest subvention to National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development (NABARD) on additional refinance by NABARD to Cooperative Banks.
Also, with this arrangement in place, prospects of Indian companies would improve in tapping foreign capital as there would be greater confidence in stability of country’s exchange rate.
Any effort at thwarting environmental degradation would lead to environmental equity in the sense of availability of sound environmental resources to all sections of the society.
Background:
The Prime Minister urged collectors to move beyond files, and go to the field, to understand ground realities, such as the condition of health services in remote parts of the district.
They further deliberated upon the importance of cooperation between Qatar Investment Authority and National Infrastructure and Investment Fund set up by the Government of India.
Various bilateral projects are at various stages of completion.
The benediction was composed in Sanskrit by Acharya Shri Chandrasekharendra Saraswati of Kanchi.
As there is scope for both the countries to share professional expertise to address priority wildlife conservation concerns, the MoU would provide a convenient platform for collaboration.
The revival of Gorakhpur, Sindri and Barauni units of FCIL/HFCL will ensure substantial investment in the fertilizer sector.
Japanese private investments are also rising sharply.
May All See what is Auspicious, May no one Suffer.
We are trying to provide a smoke free life to 5 crore such families and we are successfully advancing in that direction.
The Petrapole ICP will provide better facilities for effective and efficient discharge of functions such as security, immigration, customs, quarantine, etc. while also providing support facilities for smooth cross-border movement of persons, goods and transport.
He said that when appropriate policies and governance are in place, the aspirations of the people of India can be achieved.
17. Both leaders highlighted that countering terrorism required a strong collective action by the global community.
Centre assures total support in the rescue and relief operations.
Further, given the development dimension of the Doha Round of the WTO, it is important that India makes liberal offers to LDCs in Trade in Services also.
The Prime Minister said corruption has troubled India for long, and his Government is determined to eliminate it.
Defence and Cyber Security
Implementation strategy:
If we had not a teacher like this, would there have been a disciple like Swami Vivekananda?
Exchanging visits by governmental officials, academic staff, scholars, teachers, experts and students; iii.
An important initiative of the government is market reforms, with a view to ensuring that the farmers benefit from remunerative prices for their produce in the market.
Mr. Dmitry Rogozin, Deputy Prime Minister of Russia called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
I salute all science lovers and wish them the very best as they enhance their scientific zeal.
The revival of fertilizer unit will also augment indigenous production of urea thereby enhancing self-reliance in urea.
Sardar Saheb had a big role in taking the Freedom movement to the farmers.
I also thank you all.
Ministerial decisions on new issues like Investment Facilitation, MSMEs, gender and trade, which lacked a mandate or consensus, were not taken forward.
Prime Minister Abe has been prompt and positive on our economic proposals, many of which are now unique to India.
Now there will be no requirement of any permit or permission for producing, transporting and selling Bamboo and its products produced by farmers in their own fields.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi and the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina today jointly inaugurated the Petrapole Integrated Check Post through video-conferencing.
The Qatari side expressed appreciation for India’s offer to conduct special training programmes for the personnel of Qatar Armed Forces and Coast Guard in India and in Qatar.
ILO Recommendations are not open to ratification but they are meant to provide guidance to the National Governments as regards formulation and implementation of policy, legislation and practices.
Arrears on account of revised salaries, gratuity, pension and family pension w.e.f 01.01.2016 will be paid as one time lump sum payment.
Foreign Direct Investment inflows are at an all-time high, rising by 40 per cent.
We also aim to develop a state-of-art transmission system which ensures that surplus power is transferred to other power deficient parts of the country.
Background:-
Besides, approximately 2500 retired Judges will also be benefited on account of revision of pension/gratuity etc.
They agreed to further enhance high-level political exchanges, defence and security cooperation, trade and economic relations and people-to-people linkages.
Our Saints integrated each and every citizen in their quest for social reform.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Note submitted by the Department of Commerce and approved the approach to be adopted by India at the Eleventh Ministerial Conference of the WTO held in Buenos Aires, Argentina in December 2017.
He said several steps are being taken to provide opportunities for women, and to increase their participation in the workforce.
Our Government with an aim to reduce this pain, has changed the regulatory regime.
These included Dr. V.K. Saraswat – Member, NITI Aayog; Dr. R. Chidambaram – Principal Scientific Advisor, Government of India; and Secretaries related to scientific departments in the Union Government.
India is changing fast into one of the most open economies in the world today.
In the wake of the appalling nerve agent attack in Salisbury, the UK and India have reiterated their shared interest in strengthening the disarmament and non-proliferation regimes against the spread and use of chemical weapons.
Shri Narendra Modi will also visit Auroville.
Background:-
Under this, the farmers can avail concessional crop loans of upto Rs.3 lakh at 7% rate of interest.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Russia on Joint Activities under Human Spaceflight Programme.
An equally generous offer in Trade in Services will help India preserve and consolidate its leadership position on LDC issues.
Your leadership and the clarity of your vision have deeply impressed me.
It is, therefore, needful for the small and marginal farmers to keep their KCCs alive.
Petrapole-Benapole is an important land border crossing for India-Bangladesh trade.
d) To exchange visits of Tour Operators / Media /Opinion Makers for promotion of two way tourism
He will also hand over the cheque of Rs.100 crore to Chief Minister of Uttarakhand, towards first instalment of fund under this project, transferred by National Cooperative Development Cooperation to the State Government.
All these will increase the scope for economic linkages, and contribute to the overall economic growth and development of the North-Eastern Region.
We will also strive for our rightful place in a reformed UN Security Council.
The transfer of knowledge of their skilling methodology will immensely help in our initiatives like “Make in India” and “Skill India”.
Speaking of positive interventions in the social sector, the Prime Minister said that the Government is reaching out to twelve crore small and marginal farmers by providing them a comfort of rupees six thousand every year.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Abe, Members of the media,
He saluted the Armed Forces for successfully defeating the designs of the terrorists, and paid homage to the jawans who were martyred during the operation.
Spoke to Minister J P Nadda and asked him to facilitate transfer of all those injured to AIIMS.
The Prime Minister of Italy appreciated Indian investments in his country, including in industrial sector.
However, wide support was expressed for the multilateral trading system and the commitment to move forward on various areas of work in the WTO.
The Union Government has been proactively following the ‘Act East Policy’.
2. Retraining, up-skilling, internship for Vocational Education and Training managers, teachers and trainers of India by the Belarusian Side;
The Prime Minister urged Governors, in their capacity as Chancellors, to call upon Universities to promote excellence in various spheres of academics.
The leaders agreed to strengthen cooperation to take decisive and concerted actions against globally-proscribed terrorists and terror entities to protect our citizens, including Lashkar-e-Tayibba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, Hizb-ul-Mujahideen, Haqqani Network, Al Qaeda, ISIS (Da’esh) and their affiliates, as well as tackling the online radicalisation and violent extremism which feeds this.
Shri Narendra Modi recalled how the senior leaders of the freedom movement were arrested at the beginning of the Quit India Movement, and youth across the country successfully carried the movement forward.
Another moratorium on TRIPS non-violation companies was maintained, which prevents ‘ever-greening’ of patents in the pharmaceuticals sector, thereby ensuring accessibility and affordability of generic medicines.
(2). Technical Assistance and capacity building; and
Smriti is a class of texts that are based on memory and interpretation.
The two sides will support initiatives of the business stakeholders, including those proposed by the UK-India CEO Forum which met today, to achieve shared prosperity for India and the UK.
The new Scheme will be 100 percent centrally funded as against the NLCPR, where 10 percent contribution had to come from the State Governments.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Rudrapur, Uttarakhand on 14 February 2019.
He had given this idea in 1942 which now is before us in the shape of AMUL.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has strongly condemned the terror attack in Pathankot and has said that enemies of humanity who cannot see the nation succeed, had attempted to cause harm to the Indian Armed Forces.
Tuirial Hydro-power project is the first major Central Sector Project to be successfully commissioned in Mizoram.
Your visit, Mr. Prime Minister, is one.
Ramakrishna Mission’s record of service is evidence of this commitment.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal –
For our daughters this is the opportunity to experience an India free from discrimination.
The Tech Hub will bring together hi-tech companies to create investment and export opportunities and provide a new platform to share the very best technologies and advance policy collaboration including on Future Mobility, Advanced Manufacturing and Healthcare AI under India’s Aspirational districts’ Programme.
We will strengthen our partnership on global development, to accelerate progress to eradicate extreme poverty by 2030.
This will transfer 7.5 lakh crore rupees or about one hundred billion dollars to our farmers over the next ten years, he added.
He said that the Government’s priority in the science and technology sector is to apply science to solve our country’s problems.
This builds on our decision to expand staff talks to all three wings of the Armed Forces and make Japan a partner in Malabar Naval Exercises.
It will help in checking the forced migration from the hills of Uttarakhand by providing adequate support to those involved agricultural and allied activities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Ground Breaking Ceremony of Navi Mumbai International Airport.
Vietnam is a friendly nation with whom we cherish our relationship.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam Shri Sarbananda Sonowal yesterday and today regarding the flood situation in the state.
He will release a commemorative postage stamp on the Golden Jubilee celebrations of Auroville.
Since the Vedas and the Upanishads were difficult to understand for common people, the smritis were written to explain, interpret, and clarify primary revelation through stories and moral lessons.
i. Exchange of information including publications and research outcomes; ii.
And on 31st October, on National Unity Day, we must remember Sardar Saheb wherever we may be and take a resolve to preserve national unity.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will interact with schoolchildren tomorrow, on the eve of Teachers’ Day.
It will motivate and boost the morale the Executives of Hydro CPSEs,
The Prime Minister encouraged replication, and scaling up of best practices from districts where good results are being achieved in a particular field or scheme.
Cooperation between two countries in identified areas would be implemented through establishing institutional partnerships between Republican Institute for Vocational Education” (RIPO) , an apex institution for development of Belarusian vocational education system and Directorate General of Training for transfer of technology in VET delivery & its sustainability.
I will arrive in Hangzhou from Vietnam where I would have concluded an important bilateral visit.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Bahrain on cooperation in the field of Healthcare.
He said that Governors, through their vast experience in public life, can motivate civic agencies and government departments to work with commitment towards this cause.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC) between India and Japan.
Environmental degradation falls on the socially and economically disadvantaged, more heavily than better-off sections of the society.
He said signs of irreversible change are visible in every sector.
4. During the official meetings, the two sides recalled the historical ties between India and Qatar and noted that the mutually beneficial and traditionally close interaction, which has existed between the peoples of the two countries over several generations, had stood the test of time.
I am pleased to participate in this meeting with the BRICS Business Council.
The shrutis, the four Vedas and Upanishads are the source of Dharma: they are sacred knowledge transmitted by great Indian sages from generation to generation.
“Deeply pained by the accident at the NTPC plant in Raebareli.
Shrutis are believed to be revealed divine knowledge, transmitted orally.
I compliment the leadership of Iran for their far-sighted diplomacy.
Romania is a potential tourism markets for India (India received approximately 11844 tourists from Romania in 2017).
In this context, he gave the following examples:
But, Sardar Saheb was not just a man of struggle but also a man who created great things.
“Induction of indigenously made Tejas fighter jet into the Air Force fills our hearts with unparalleled pride and happiness.
The Union Government will be investing another Rupees 60,000 crore under Special Accelerated Road Development Programme in the North-East and Rs. 30,000 crore under Bharatmala in the next two to three years to build a network of high-ways and roads in the North East Region.
Some of the major initiatives include the Kaladan Multi-Modal Transit Transport Project, the Rih-Tedim Road Project and Border Haats.
Prime Minister of Nepal Shri K. P. Sharma Oli telephoned Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today and briefed him on the political developments in Nepal.
“When I think of a developed India, I think of a healthy India, particularly the good health of the women and children of our nation”, he added.
Self Help Groups are also benefiting through credit linkages provided by the North Eastern Development Finance Corporation, with interest subsidy being provided by the Union Government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the scientists on National Science Day.
He said many NCC cadets have gone on to make the country proud.
In effect, crop loans are available to farmers at 4% rate of interest.
The Varanasi Centre would help increase farmers’ income by enhancing and supporting rice productivity, reducing cost of production, value addition, diversification and enhancement of farmers’ skills.
Also spoken to Minister Dharmendra Pradhan and asked him to ensure all possible help to the injured and affected.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is asking each individual, each family, each organization to aim for certain goals which they should accomplish by 2022.
Foreign investment in “Other Financial Services”, which are not regulated by any regulators / Government Agency, can be made on approval route.
Encouraging health and medical research activities at both the private-sector and the academic level; and v. Any other forms of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
The BSA is a very good example of mutual cooperation between India and Japan for strategic objective of assisting each other in times of difficulty and for restoring international confidence.
Since the crop insurance under Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY) is linked to availing of crop loans, the farmers would stand to benefit from both farmer oriented initiatives of the Government, by accessing the crop loans.
Prime Minister has also assured all possible support from the Centre to the injured and affected.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Daman on Saturday.
He was a part of the tradition of Bhakti saints and in the Kathamrit we find many references to Chaitanya Mahaprabhu – his trances, his songs, his utter devotion.
The Prime Minister explained that the date of August 9th, is intrinsically linked with the mantra of “Sankalp se Siddhi” – “Achievement through Resolve.”
The great karmayogi took forward the thought of his guru –
In the run-up to the Conference, decisions were expected on a permanent solution on the issue of public stockholding for food security purposes as per the Bali/Nairobi mandate and other agriculture issues.
What will happen to the health of a poor mother how has to inhale smoke equal to that from 400 cigarettes while cooking food on a Chulha which burns wood as fuel.
India will engage constructively on all the issues before us and work towards finding solutions and taking forward the agenda for a robust, inclusive and sustainable international economic order that uplifts the socio-economic conditions of people across the world, especially those who need it most in developing countries.
It is a living example as to how Sardar Saheb had foreseen the way to prosperity of the farmers.
A programme of technical cooperation will help in improving the regulatory environment.
For other schemes, it stands at 80-20.
Your Excellency President Rouhani,
A people so warm and hospitable.
The Government is keen in improving income of the farmers, for which it has launched several new initiatives that encompass activities from seed to marketing.
The Labour Bureau data covers only a few sectors and the methodology is not based on updated panel of survey respondents.
The increase in the salary and allowances etc. will benefit 31 Judges of Supreme Court of India (including the CJI) and 1079 Judges(including the Chief Justices) of High Courts.
32. The Qatari side appreciated the initiative taken by Prime Minister Modi leading to the formation of International Solar Alliance.
34. The two leaders noted the role cultural exchanges played in bringing the peoples of India and Qatar together.
Prime Minister Modi invited participation of Norwegian pension funds in the National Investment and Infrastructure Fund.
No friend will matter more in realising India’s economic dreams than Japan.
He also asked them to avail of Government e-marketplace for all procurement in their district.
Following is the excerpt from the PM’s speech:-
This will induce FDI and spurt economic activities.
Sardar Saheb’s journey started with a struggle for farmers.
The Prime Minister said that the Government of India is devoting significant efforts towards the development of waterways.
His teachings are particularly relevant to us today, when we are confronted with people who use religion, caste to divide and create animosity.
Salaries, gratuity, pension, allowances etc. in respect of Judges of Supreme Court are governed by the Supreme Court Judges (Salaries and Conditions of Service) Act, 1958.
“Pradhan Mantriji namaskar, Sir, I am Jasdeep speaking from Punjab.
Background
This makes quality infrastructure in the aviation sector of prime importance, he added.
The ratification of an ILO Convention is a voluntary process.
I am happy to note that you are entering into an MOU with the NDB.
He said India’s aviation sector is growing tremendously, and there is a sharp increase in the number of people flying.
Sri Ramakrishna is a link between the ancient and the modern.
Technologies and products developed by Institutions such as CSIR, ICAR and the IITs should be studied for possible adoption in the North-East, to enable value addition of local produce.
He emphasized the need to build new ways to promote harmony and integration among various States of India.
The leaders agreed to forge a dynamic new India-UKTrade Partnership, to develop new trading arrangements as the UK assumes responsibility for its independent trade policy, facilitate investment in both directions and intensify collaboration on shared or complementary strengths.
An amendment in the Acts is required whenever there is any proposal for revision of salaries/pension gratuity, allowances etc. in respect of Judges of Supreme Court and High Courts.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Tuesday held a meeting with top scientific officials of the Government of India.
In this context, he mentioned the “MADAD” portal for real time monitoring and response of consular grievances.
This will benefit lakhs of farmers and will add to the efforts to double farmers’ income by 2022.
The other agreements today reflect the depth and diversity of our cooperation.
11. The two leaders expressed strong condemnation of the phenomenon of international terrorism, reiterating their firm resolve to cooperate together to root out this global menace which threatened all nations and societies.
It envisages regular interaction amongst the heads of Revenue administration of BRICS countries to continue discussion on common areas of interest and strive towards convergence of views and meeting of the Experts on tax matters to discuss the contemporary issues in areas of international tax.
They agreed to encourage regular participation in each other’s trade fairs and exhibitions and to facilitate trade promotion measures.
This is different from the electronic visa facility that is being extended globally.
My dear countrymen, Mahatma Gandhi is our guide forever.
The scriptures say:
Praying for the safety and wellbeing of those affected by floods, the Prime Minister hopes the situation in the affected areas normalises at the earliest.
A sum of Rs. 15, 000 crore allocated during 2016-17 to implement the Interest Subvention Scheme (ISS) has already been utilised.
01.01.1997 adopted by them consequent upon the orders of Ministry of Power dated 04.04.2006 and 01.09.2006.
The two leaders lauded the successful completion of the India-UK Year of Culture in 2017.
He added that this change is due to the 125 crore people of India.
The Prime Minister said that the values of Indian civilization and culture can provide guidance to the entire world, in an era of instability.
He expressed confidence that soon, they would transform the country.
All that is important is that he or she can be helped through selfless service.
He was the son of a farmer.
5. The leaders of the two sides expressed satisfaction with the current state of bilateral relations underpinned by the regular exchange of high-level visits.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the inaugural session of the PIO-Parliamentarian Conference in New Delhi.
41 business leaders representing a wide spectrum of the Indian economy were present at the interaction.
In the twenty-first century, having darkness still prevailing in our villages is something that is not acceptable now.
President Rouhani and I would leave no stone unturned to work for its glorious future.
They shared their deepest concern about the continued reports of the use of chemical weapons in the Syrian Arab Republic.
It also comes with great public expectations and huge responsibilities for us.
Gandhiji used to say that when you chalk out a plan, you must first recall the face of the poor and weak and then decide whether the scheme you are going to be implementing will be of any benefit to the poor or not, it should not bring any loss to him!
As a measure to check distress sale, post-harvest loans for storage in accredited warehouses against Negotiable Warehouse Receipts (NWRs) are available for upto 6 months for KCC holding small & marginal farmers.
I wish that all your dreams and resolves get fulfilled in every possible way!
33. The two leaders emphasized that the overwhelming response to the International Day of Yoga was a reflection of the global community’s desire to come together to seek a balanced, healthier and sustainable future for the world.
Bringing independent India under one banner and accomplishing such a herculean task – what a great man he was!
On the sidelines of the G 20 Summit in Hamburg, the Prime Minister met today the President of the Republic of Korea H.E. Mr Moon Jae-in.
The International Labour Conference of ILO at its 104th Session held in Geneva in June 2015 adopted the above recommendation.
The nature of threats that we face continues to change – so we must be innovative and agile in our response.
In addition, the MoC accords confidentiality and protection to information exchanged under this MoC.
Both leaders welcomed the signing of the MoU for Cooperation in Skill Development and Recognition of Qualifications.
They acknowledged that these agreements and those already existing would strengthen the framework for the consolidation of friendship and cooperation between India and Qatar.
They welcomed the conclusion of various agreements/ MOUs during the visit of Prime Minister Modi to Qatar.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Central Government has been closely and constantly monitoring the situation and that all possible support is being provided to Assam for overcoming the flood situation prevailing in parts of the state.
The Central Government will provide interest subvention of 5 per cent per annum to all prompt payee farmers for short term crop loan upto one year for loan upto Rs. 3 lakhs borrowed by them during the year 2017-18.
Mahatma Gandhi said: Ramakrishna’s life enables us to see God face to face.
It follows the implementation of recommendations of the 7thCentral Pay Commission in respect of Civil Servants.
Building on the recommendations of the recently-completed UK-India Joint Trade Review, we will work together on a sector-based roadmap, to reduce barriers to trade, make it easier to do business in both countries and enable a stronger bilateral trade relationship after the UK exits the EU.
We, on the other hand even altered practices over centuries.
During my stay in Manila, I shall also visit the International Rice Research Institute (IRRI) and Mahavir Philippines Foundation Inc.
We will share knowledge, collaborate on research, innovate and create partnerships between our world-class innovation clusters.
The leaders noted the successful holding of the joint event between the ISA and London Stock Exchange (LSE) with support from the two governments as part of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting week.
I congratulate all radio lovers and those who work in the radio industry and keep the medium active and vibrant.
He briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship as follow-up to the Prime Minister’s visit to France in June 2017.
In 2015, we pledged a new Defence and International Security Partnership (DISP) to make security and defence a cornerstone of our relationship.
The MoU seeks cooperation between the two countries in the following areas:
When the Sivagiri pilgrimage was started, he declared its goals to be the promotion of education, cleanliness, devotion to God, organization, agriculture, trade, handicrafts, and technical training.
The scheme has been running since 2006-07.
Friends, The vision of New India can be realized only if the fruits of development reach all.
The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting is an important opportunity to address these challenges as we come together and unite under the summit’s official theme “Towards a Common Future”.
I will lay a wreath at the Monument of National Heroes and Martyrs as well as visit the Quan Su Pagoda.
The loans are available to Kisan Credit Card (KCC) holding small and marginal farmers at interest subvention of 2 per cent on such storages for a period of upto six months.
“A Silver at the World Badminton Championships is a momentous feat.
The two leaders welcomed the signing of the framework agreement for participation of the Qatari institutional investors in the National Infrastructure and Investment Fund.
The Prime Minister said that the International Day of Yoga is a day linked to good health, and it has become a mass movement.
(3). Waiver of visa fees for LDC applicants applying for Indian Business and Employment visas.
The India-Vietnam partnership will benefit Asia and the rest of the world.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of timeline for implementation of the Special Package under Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana – National Rural Livelihoods Mission (DAY-NRLM) for Jammu & Kashmir for another period of one year during 2018-19.
We have always been open to new ideas.
Background:
As regards formal ratification of the Convention and Protocol to the Convention, the same is to be decided separately by Government keeping in view the national laws and practices.
PMO is closely monitoring the situation and is in touch with local authorities.
We look forward to future cooperation on energy and infrastructure policy and have agreed to work together on smart urbanisation.
Let these people be your God.
It will open new routes for India, Iran and Afghanistan to connect among themselves.
The mandate exercised and approach adopted at the Conference was aimed at protecting India’s interests, priorities and concerns during the Ministerial Conference.
But amidst all these turmoils, we have to march forward chanting the Mantra of Unity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings on World Radio Day to all the radio lovers and to those working in the radio industry.
On behalf of the 1.25 billion Indians, I extend warm greetings to the friendly people of Iran.
The Prime Minister of Norway invited India to participate in the Oceans’ Conference on the sidelines of UNGA.
Since its establishment in 1989, MPFI has fitted nearly 15,000 amputees in the Philippines with Jaipur Foot making them capable of living a new life.
We have also advanced our regional partnership in the course of the year.
I will visit Hangzhou, China from 3-5 September 2016 for the Annual G-20 Leaders Summit.
The present regulations on “Non-Banking Finance Companies” stipulates that FDI would be allowed on automatic route for only 18 specified NBFC activities after fulfilling prescribed minimum capitalisation norms mentioned therein.
The setting up of IISs shall augment the global competitiveness of key sectors of Indian economy by providing high quality skill training, applied research education and a direct and meaningful connection with industry.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Economic Times Global Business Summit.
My dear countrymen, during Diwali festivities, Kartik Purnima is also a festival of lights called PRAKASH UTSAV.
Kabir’s dohas, Meera’s bhajans were carried by singers from village to village.
Cooperation with Sectoral VET/ Centres of Excellence of Belarus is proposed for Research and Development in the skilling ecosystem.
The BRICS countries have identified four areas of mutual interest on which understanding and cooperation can be further strengthened.
The lease of land is for a period of 55 years.
It will provide opportunity to aspiring youth across the country to have access to highly skilled training, and enhance the scope of accountability through its linkage with industry and global competitiveness across sectors.
An additional financial liability of Rs. 1060.50 crore will be required for this purpose.
However, no recovery shall be made for the excess pay drawn from 01.01,1997onwards considering the difficulties in effecting recovery and also considering thatsuch a recovery may de-motivate the staff.
Belarus has a large concentration of industries, mainly into manufacturing and heavy industries, which draw their strength from available skilled manpower and a highly developed skill training system.
A State with one of the highest literacy rates in India.
Prime Minister described Russia as a time-tested and reliable friend and reaffirmed the shared commitment with President Putin to expand, strengthen and deepen bilateral engagement across all domains.
And this is happening!
Besides generating electricity, the reservoir water will also open new avenues for navigation.
The welfare of our people is guiding our broad based economic ties.
The North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme will fill the gaps in creation of infrastructure in two sectors.
It will cover whole India and is not limited to any State/Districts.
We aim for a Transformation by Transportation through investment in infrastructure in the region.
Expanded trade ties, deeper connectivity, including Railways partnerships in oil and gas sector fertilizers education and cultural sphere are driving our overall economic engagement.
The Agreement will stimulate flow of investment, technology and personnel from India to HKSAR & vice versa, prevent double taxation and provide for exchange of information between the two Contracting Parties.
He appreciated the hard work performed by the cadets, many of whom come from villages and small towns.
In case farmers do not repay the short term crop loan in time they would be eligible for interest subvention of 2% as against available above.
The Prime Minister said that many times, schemes fail to have the desired impact, just because people are not aware about them.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the accident at the NTPC plant in Raebareli, Uttar Pradesh.
The Recommendation provides guidance to Members to facilitate the transition of workers and economic units from the informal to the formal economy while respecting workers’ fundamental rights and promote creation, preservation and sustainability of enterprises and decent jobs in the formal economy and prevent informalization of formal economy jobs.
It is the first large hydro-power project in the State.
The outcomes and agreements signed today open a new chapter in our strategic partnership.
The Government of India attaches the highest priority to job creation.
We salute with pride & joy Bharat Ratna M. Visvesvaraya on his birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister said that through technology-driven governance, a modern India is being created.
The effort to reach every person through the means that are best suited to them continued over time.
This is why our civilization stands tall, overcoming obstacles.
“I will be in Manila on a three-day visit starting 12th November.
He added that all sections of society too, have come together in this endeavour.
Attention: Brief for Electronic Media
Giving the example of talent spotting in sports, the Prime Minister said that mechanisms should be made to identify the brightest and best science talent among school students.
Your work towards establishment of a BRICS Rating Agency, energy cooperation, green finance, and digital economy is particularly noteworthy.
Officials briefed the Prime Minister on progress in various areas of scientific research.
But he renewed the tradition and made it stronger.
Thus it is clear that the epics, Puranas and the Arthasastra of Kautilya are all smritis.
He will deliver an address on the occasion.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding signed between India and Romania in the field of tourism.
The Prime Minister complimented families which have given up their LPG subsidy.
This became a reason to justify colonialism too.
The invitation was accepted.
GGEF will help accelerate achieving India’s target of 175GW of renewable energy capacity by 2022 and also invest in other related sectors such as clean transportation, water and waste management.
“The same Being whom gyaanis call Brahma – the Absolute, is called Atma – Universal Soul, by yogis, and Bhagavan – Personal God with divine attributes, by devotees.
The Mantra of national unity is the very foundation of a strong and great India.
This institutional credit will help in delinking the farmers from non-institutional sources of credit, where they are compelled to borrow at usurious rates of interest.
During the year 2016-17, the volume of short term crop loan lent stood at Rs.6,22,685 crore, surpassing the target of Rs. 6,15,000 crore.
The impossible is now possible, he declared, as he spoke of the progress made in making India clean and corruption free; in the poorleveraging the power of technology, and in removing discretion and arbitrariness in policy making.
We welcome the best and brightest to study and work in the UK, especially in subjects and sectors that develop the skills and capabilities that will boost the prosperity of both our countries.
India is a land that is blessed with a rich cultural and intellectual milieu.
He said real change in this regard can only come through public participation.
We will deploy our complementary technological strengths to create high value jobs, enhance productivity, promote trade and investment and tackle shared challenges.
Hope the injured recover quickly.
UK’s Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council and DBT will lead the “Farmer Zone” initiative, an open-source data platform for smart agriculture which will use biological research and data to improve the lives of small and marginal farmers anywhere in the world.
The policy reforms and initiatives taken by the Union Government over the last four years came up for elaborate discussion in the course of over two hours.
He also urged them to motivate the youth to vote in large numbers in the upcoming elections.
Both leaders expressed their commitment to further develop the special strategic partnership between India and South Korea, particularly through participation in programmes such as Make in India, Digital India, Start up India, et cetera.
2. The UK and India have a natural ambition to reinforce our Strategic Partnership, based on shared values, common law and institutions, as the world’s oldest and largest democracies.
The Prime Minister said that when youth assumes a leadership role, goals are sure to be achieved.
“Greetings on World Radio Day.
The Goods and Services Tax that was introduced in July is India’s biggest economic reform measure ever.
Background:
Programmes like Digital India, Start Up India and Make in India are changing the economic landscape of the country.
All of them denote one and the same thing, the difference being in the name only.
This project will boost eco-tourism, and provide a source of assured drinking water supply.
He said that to honour those who are working to popularize Yoga, two awards will be instituted, one at the national level, and the other at the international level.
We wish to forge a strong economic relationship with Vietnam that can mutually benefit our citizens.
I am also grateful to you for the gracious hospitality given to me and my delegation.
These Public Sector Under-takings are engaged in training and hand holding artisans, weavers and farmers, for marketing and food processing.
2. It will ensure mobilization of households under the auto inclusion category and households with at least one deprivation category listed in the Socio Economic Caste Census – 2011.
The two leaders also discussed ways and means to work together for providing sustainable solutions to prevent climate change and promote development in Africa.
18. The two sides described bilateral trade ties as an abiding link between the two countries.
These include the Olympian Archer C. Lalremsanga , boxer Ms. Jenny Lalremliani, weight lifter Ms. Lalchhahimi, and hockey player Ms. Lalruatfeli.
This will also benefit the backward districts of North Eastern States including Mizoram.
We are engaged in wide ranging collaboration in clean energy and energy efficiency technologies that will also create solutions for the benefit of others in the world.
Kala Utsav is an initiative of Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) to promote arts in education by nurturing and showcasing the artistic talent of school students at the secondary stage in the country.
A Committee of Chief Ministers made recommendations to rationalize Centrally Sponsored Schemes.
The electronic National Agriculture Market (e-NAM) that was launched by Government on April, 2016 aims at integrating the dispersed APMCs through an electronic platform and enable price discovery in a competitive manner, to the advantage of the farmers.
Why not worship them first?
Addressing the gathering at the iconic Capitol Complex, the Prime Minister said that today, people in all parts of the country have connected with Yoga.
The Prime Minister mentioned the important features about the New India website, such as an online quiz on the freedom struggle, and a comprehensive calendar on various events being held as a part of the Sankalp Se Sidhhi’ movement.
The Prime Minister called for focus in the next one year, on how to mitigate diabetes through Yoga.
He said a positive mindset, and a “can do” spirit is now pervading the country.
Strengthening the people-to-people ties will also be an my endeavour during the Vietnam visit.
With a commitment of £120 million from each side, the GGEF is expected to raise up to £500 million from institutional investors.
Those civilizations that did not change with time vanished.
On the margins of the ongoing G-20 Summit in Hamburg, Prime Minister Modi had a bilateral meeting with the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe.
He lived the Muslim way of life, he lived the Christian way of life, he practised tantra.
More than 50 per cent of the India-Bangladesh trade passes through Petrapole.
Members of the BRICS Business Council
They also expressed grave concern regarding security situation in Syria, Iraq, Libya and Yemen and reiterated the importance of peaceful resolution of these issues through dialogue and political negotiations.
The decision intends to ensure availability of resources with Cooperative Banks help farmers in easily accessing crop loans from Cooperative Banks to overcome the difficulties in view of the reduction in availability of cash for carrying out Rabi operations.
Welcoming the delegates to the Conference, the Prime Minister said that while many people may have left India over the course of hundreds of years, India continues to have a place in their minds and hearts.
He said collectors must make people aware about the benefit of initiatives such as LED bulbs, BHIM App etc.
We are committed to bring all the State Capitals of North East Region on the Rail map.
The two sides agreed to constitute an inter-ministerial High Level Joint Committee to regularly review all bilateral matters, as well as regional and global issues of mutual interest.
They wrote fearlessly and expressed themselves through their powerful writings.
This enterprise will launch a revolution in Indian railways and speed up India’s journey into the future.
The Officer Trainees interacted with the Prime Minister on a range of subjects, including the recent Union Budget, increasing the taxpayer base, and themes such as innovation and technology.
Last year, Prime Minister Abe hosted me in Kyoto.
Our remarkable relationship also has a wonderful human touch.
On GST, the Prime Minister asked collectors to explain to traders in their district, how it is a “Good and Simple Tax.”
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will embark on a visit to two states: Gujarat and Tamil Nadu; and two Union Territories: Daman & Diu and Puducherry, over the next two days.
They decided to expand cooperation between the financial institutions of the two countries like Securities and Exchange Board of India and the respective Central Banks.
It will become an engine of economic transformation in India.
The Bali Ministerial Decision together with the General Council Decision of November 2014, which was reaffirmed at the Tenth Ministerial Conference of the WTO in December 2015 protects India through availability of an interim mechanism on public stockholding for food security purposes, till a permanent solution is agreed and adopted by the WTO.
Earlier, Finance Minister Shri Piyush Goyal highlighted the initiatives taken by the Union Government in the last four years, to steer the economy of India to a higher trajectory.
As was done in previous Ministerial Conferences, an existing moratorium on imposing customs duties on electronic transmission was expanded for two years.
Informing about the plans to create world class infrastructure in India through 100 smart cities; metro projects for 50 cities; modern waste management system for 500 cities; affordable healthcare within everyone’s reach; sanitation for all by 2019; and a roof over every head by 2022, Prime Minister Modi invited Qatar to be a partner in India’s growth story.
“I pray for the safety and wellbeing of those in areas affected by floods in parts UP, Bihar, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan & MP.
Both leaders welcomed the signing of the Agreement of Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Custom Matters; the MoU on Tourism Cooperation; and the First Executive Programme for the MoU in the field of Youth and Sports between the Government of the State of Qatar and the Government of the Republic of India.
Excellencies and Friends,
The Prime Minister spoke of the role of technology in reducing corruption.
“Greetings to the people of Vietnam on their National Day.
Industry’s contribution to economic growth and development was also discussed.
Besides these Summits, I would also participate in Special Celebrations of the 50th anniversary of ASEAN, Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) Leaders’ Meeting and ASEAN Business and Investment Summit.
At this meeting last year in Goa, there was a suggestion on closer cooperation between the NDB and BRICS Business Council.
“People of India and I join the people of Thailand in grieving the loss of one of the tallest leaders of our times, King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
The Interest Subvention Scheme will continue for one year and it will be implemented by NABARD and RBI.
The huge reservoir, spread over an area of 45 square kilometers, can also be used for development of fisheries.
Taking note of the excellent trade engagement, with the two countries being among the top trading partners for each other, both sides agreed upon the need to further strengthen these ties, particularly through diversifying the trade basket.
He said that just as the baton is passed on from one athlete to the next in a relay race, with the ultimate objective of winning the race, similarly, the development baton passes on successively from one collector to the next.
HURL, a Joint Venture company of NTPC, IOCL, CIL and FCIL/ HFCL was incorporated in June 2016 to implement the fertilizer revival projects at Gorakhpur, Sindri, and Barauni.
While India is buildingIITs & AIIMS at a rapid pace, it has also built toilets in all schools across the country.
Farmers in the whole of India availing short term crop loans, from Cooperative Banks will be benefitted.
But due to their very simplicity, these were embedded in the minds of the listeners.
Whatever the old dogmatic thinking might have been, but the society now must be freed from discrimination between our sons and daughters.
Both leaders welcomed the signing of an MoU on bilateral Cooperation in the Field of Health between the Government of the State of Qatar and the Government of the Republic of India.
There are many other prominent sports persons from Mizoram who have brought glory to the State and the country.
Your Excellencies,
Salaries etc. of Judges of High Courts are governed by High Court Judges (Salaries and Conditions of Service) Act, 1954.
The Green Growth Equity Fund (GGEF), a joint initiative by the Governments of India and the UK under India’s flagship National Investment and Infrastructure Fund, will provide financing to the fast-growing Indian renewable energy sector.
But we may call it the country’s misfortune that on this day itself Indira Gandhi ji was assassinated.
A false perception was created about India that India needed social, political and economic reform initiated by outsiders.
During my first visit to the Philippines, I look forward to have a bilateral meeting with President of the Philippines HE Mr. Rodrigo Duterte.
He was the saint of social harmony.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the concluding session of the Conference of Governors at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
He appreciated the role played by the diaspora in contributing towards the American economy.
He broke the mental barriers that keep us apart barriers between religions, between castes.
The Government of India is executing 15 New Rail Line projects of 1385 kilometers length, at a cost of over Rs.47,000 crore.
It enjoys unmatched public goodwill and political consensus in India.
Several representatives from Industry appreciated the improvement in the business environment in the country, and said this would lead to realization of India’s growth potential.
The Prime Minister said that it appears as if a Mini World Parliament of Indian origin is gathered in Delhi today.
The total expenditure to the tune of Rs. 323 crore will be incurred for the regularisation of pay scales.
This will create job opportunities in the region and also boost the economy of the eastern region/state.
Now in our country houses having a gas stove, or those having electricity in the houses do not have a requirement for Kerosene.
We shall design, create and manufacture technologies that will address these threats; and our security and military forces will share technologies, capabilities and equipment.
The MoU was signed on 12th September, 2017 during the State visit of H.E. Mr. Alexander Lukashenko, President of Belarus to India.
He said that with zero budget, Yoga provides health assurance, and does not discriminate between rich and poor.
Many productive recommendations have come out of your deliberations.
The MoC was signed on 29th October 2018 during the visit of Hon’ble Prime Minister of India to Japan.
He particularly recalled Brigadier Usman, who had embraced martyrdom defending the nation in 1948.
That is why we deeply value our Special Strategic and Global Partnership”.
The UK-India Newton-Bhabhaprogramme will have lifted joint research and innovation awards to over £400 million by 2021, since 2008.
He said that whether it is the economy or defence, India’s capabilities have expanded.
HH the Emir appreciated the role and contribution of the Indian community for the development and progress of the State of Qatar.
He will launch various development projects, and hand over certificates to beneficiaries of various official schemes.
He said that a perception had been made that governments cannot be pro-growth and pro-poor at the same time,but people of India are making it possible.
While India has become a net exporter of electricity, it has also ensured that crores of households which were in darkness since independence have got electricity.
They acknowledged the importance of this Alliance in advancing new solar technologies worldwide.
After the approval, the pay scales adopted by Hydro CPSEs consequent upon the order of the Ministry of Power dated 04.04.2006 and 01.09.2006 shall be regularized.
In the course of the past year, we have done much to live up to them.
My cabinet approved on 12 July 2017 a proposal for IRRI to set up its South Asia Regional Centre at Varanasi.
to provide the Concession Agreements & Land Lease Agreements for the revival of Gorakhpur & Sindri units of Fertilizer Corporation of India Limited (FCIL) and Barauni unit of Hindustan Fertilizer Corporation Limited (HFCL) by HURL; and
Government of India is making a modest contribution to the Foundation to support its noble humanitarian activities.
Shri Narendra Modi said “our vision of New India includes addressing the challenges of the future while also solving problems of the past.”
The wide-ranging discussions were held in a cordial and friendly atmosphere.
My dear countrymen, once again let us dedicate this Diwali to our Jawans.
The only people feeling uncomfortable would be the dishonest persons and the middle-men.
We exchanged views on the emerging regional situation and global issues of common concern.
Those who inspire you, those who inform you, those who tell you the truth, those who teach you, show you the right way and awaken you, they are all your gurus.
Chief Minister of West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee also participated from Kolkata in the video-conference.
We have made enormous progress in economic cooperation as also in our regional partnership and security cooperation.
We will review complete spectrum of our bilateral relationship.
As regards offers under Article XVI of the GATS (Market Access) is concerned, there are no direct financial implications.
He added that while they kept the Indian-ness alive in themselves, they also imbibed the language, food, and dress of those countries.
Today, we have also taken two more decisive steps in our security cooperation.
We share a global outlook and commitment to a rules-based international system that strongly opposes unilateral actions that seek to undermine that system through force or coercion.
He said the cadets could visit several new landmarks that have come up in the city of Delhi in the recent past, which are connected to India’s heritage, and great leaders.
He said it is not surprising that people of Indian origin have integrated themselves fully with their adopted lands.
The preferences will be bound with validity for 15 years from the date of notification by India.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has congratulated Ms. Saina Nehwal on winning the Silver Medal at the World Badminton Championships.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for placing the new Instrument adopted by International Labour Organization (ILO) – Recommendations concerning ‘The Transition from the Informal to the Formal Economy (No.204)’ before the Parliament.
His clarion call -“Now is wanted intense Karma-Yoga with un-bounded courage and indomitable strength in the heart.
• Implementation of proposal includes innovation and improvement in the existing vocational education and skill development through Research and Development in the field.
We can never forget that Iran was among the first countries to come forward in support when earthquake struck my state, Gujarat, in 2001.
In a series of posts from his Facebook account the Prime Minister said:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has extended his best wishes on Engineers Day.
The MoC aims to further promote cooperation amongst the BRICS Revenue administrations in international forum on common areas of interest in tax matters and in the area of capacity building and knowledge sharing.
He said the Government is trying the replace the VIP culture with EPI – “Every Person is Important.”He urged the cadets to avoid all kinds of negativity, and work for the betterment of the self and the nation.
Building a New India by 2022 requires us to work towards the twin goals of increasing economic growth as well as ensuring that the fruits of growth are shared by all.
The Prime Minister invited President Moon to visit India at an early date.
It will also be the biggest land port in South Asia.
In the energy sector, the Prime Minister said that the possibilities of solar energy should be pursued to the maximum, to reduce dependence on energy imports.
My thoughts are with bereaved families.
The Prime Minister said that Shri Ansari’s family has been in public life for generations.
The completion and dedication of the 60 Mega-Watt Tuirial Hydro-power Project.
b) To exchange information and data related to tourism.
And, I cannot think of a strategic partnership that can exercise a more profound influence on shaping the course of Asia and our interlinked ocean regions more than ours.
My dear countrymen, this is not the pain of an individual person.
In the agriculture sector, the Prime Minister identified high-protein pulses, fortified foods, and value addition in castor, as priority areas which needed to be speeded up.
The proposal was earlier considered by the Committee of Secretaries (CoS) and the Cabinet on several occasion.
The Prime Minister appreciated the contribution of Mr. Le Drian to the growing India-France engagement, in his current role as well as in his earlier role as Defence Minister of France.
Jeeve Daya Noy, Shiv Gyaane Jeev Seba – जीवे दया नोय, शिव ज्ञाने जीव सेबा” – not kindness to living beings, but serving the living being as Shiva Himself –
Later today we are going to sign the trilateral Transport and Transit Agreement with participation of Iran, India and Afghanistan.
Further, minimum capitalisation norms as mandated under FDI policy have been eliminated as most of the regulators have already fixed minimum capitalisation norms.
30. The two leaders deliberated upon the need for strengthening bilateral cooperation in the financial services sector, including banking, insurance and capital markets.
We duly accepted the recommendations.
This is a benediction which was also rendered by M.S. Subbulakshmi herself in October 1966, at the United Nations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the NCC Rally in New Delhi.
Service, truth and everybody’s well-being was the message of Guru Nanak Dev.
In our meeting today, we focused on the full range of our bilateral engagement.
“As we celebrate various festivals across India, my greetings to our citizens.
People of India and even those in other countries are familiar with every product of AMUL.
This tradition evolved from the Shrutis to the Smritis.
By contrast, he said that earlier, the apparent competition seemed to be on delays and corruption.
The Qatari side briefed the Indian side on the reform in labour laws which would protect the interest of skilled and unskilled labour in Qatar.
23. The two sides agreed to increase the level of participation in infrastructure projects in both countries.
Prime Minister welcomed the Carnegie Endowment’s initiative to open a Centre in India stating that it was reflective of democratic traditions and liberal thinking in the country.
I also appreciate Prime Minister Abe’s support for India’s membership of the APEC .
The first-of-its-kind interaction with district collectors marked the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement, and is aimed at catalysing “New India – Manthan” at the grassroots level.
168 Officer Trainees of the Indian Revenue Service (including two from the Bhutan Royal Service), today called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
They reaffirmed that terrorism could not and should not be associated with any religion, civilisation or ethnic group.
In this context, he mentioned the Kranti Mandir at Red Fort, and the Mahaparinirvana Sthal of Babasaheb Dr. Bhimrao Ambedkar at Alipur Road.
As a gate-way to South East Asia, Mizoram stands to gain immensely from this.
We encourage our business, cultural and intellectual leaders to exploit the millions of interactions that already link India and the UK, from family to finance, business to Bollywood, sport to science – so that millions more British and Indians exchange and learn, travel, trade and thrive together.
Both leaders welcomed the signing of an MOU on cooperation in exchange of intelligence related to money laundering, related crimes and terrorism financing.
The Prime Minister said globalization is a reality of our times and to keep pace with globalisation, we need top quality infrastructure.
The two leaders stressed the significance of promoting interaction between medium enterprises of the two countries for strengthening bilateral economic cooperation.
The Prime Minister asserted that in the last three years, there has not been a single allegation of corruption on the Union Government.
Government provides Interest subvention to different banks and cooperatives for short term crop loan extended by them to farmers at concessional rate of 7% and in case of timely repayment, an additional subvention of 3%.
About 5,254 Executives of Hydro CPSEs enrolled before 01.01.2007 will be benefitted by this approval.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the Union Government’s ambitious health assurance scheme Ayushman Bharat.
The areas of cooperation are as under:
Noting their strong potential to provide Indian economy a positive thrust for growth, His Highness the Emir lauded the new initiatives of Prime Minister Modi including, “Start Up India”, “Make in India”, “Smart City”, and “Clean India” etc.
My Government believes in competitive and cooperative federalism, where there is healthy competition between States.
The Cabinet also approved allocation of funds to the State under DAY-NRLM on a need basis for implementation of the Special Package without linking it with poverty ratio.
Credit is a critical input in achieving high productivity and overall production in the agricultural sector.
This puts an onus on the collectors of these districts to work in a mission mode.
I am happy to note that the BRICS Business Council also has matching priorities of trade & investment facilitation, promoting skills development, infrastructure development, SME Development, e-commerce and digital economy.
On the occasion of the birth anniversary of Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today made a courtesy call on former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
We also welcomed the establishment of a FinTech dialogue between our two countries – including the proposed new regulatory cooperation agreement.
As thriving democracies, we share a desire to work closely together and with all who share our objective to support a rules-based international order that upholds agreed international norms, global peace and stability.
The Cabinet in December, 2013 decided as below:
“As the holy month of Ramzan commences, I convey my greetings to the Muslim community.
We should and do pay homage to the memories of our great personalities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of the King of Thailand H.M. Bhumibol Adulyadej.
As friends and neighbours, we have shared interest in each other’s growth and prosperity, and joys and sorrows.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on cooperation in the field of justice between India and Tunisia.
Swami Nirvinananda ji and all the devotees of Sri Sri Thakur Ramakrishna Paramhansa assembled here today, greetings.
The two sides expressed satisfaction at the growing presence of Indian and Qatari companies in each other’s market and agreed to further encourage such participation.
We greatly appreciate Prime Minister Abe’s extraordinary package of approximately 12 billion U.S. dollars and technical assistance, on very easy terms, for this project.
We find the mission in poor areas, among tribals, in areas stricken by need or disaster trying to alleviate suffering.
Responsible Global Leadership
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is working towards promoting “ease of living” for the common man.
To provide relief to the farmers affected by natural calamities, the interest subvention of 2% will be provided to Banks for the first year on the restructured amount.
Specifically, the United Kingdom and India will make commitments to help create a more sustainable, prosperous, secure and fairer future for all Commonwealth citizens by taking action:
For me, visiting Iran, is indeed a great privilege.
With the approval, India will benefit from the expertise of the US Institutions in the field of wildlife conservation and management of wildlife areas and in combating illegal trade of wildlife and their derivatives.
During the visit, he will launch the State Integrated Cooperative Development Project and distribute loan cheques to select beneficiaries of Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Farmers Welfare Scheme.
On 15 March 2016, President of Afghanistan Mr Ashraf Ghani made a telephone call to Prime Minister Modi.
In Hindu philosophy, time is accepted as a very important factor of the absolute – we are Dik-Kaal-Baadhit – conditioned by space and time.
The event also highlighted the role of the LSE as a financial organisation that can play a key role in furthering ISA’s objectives towards mobilisation of investment of over US$1,000 billion into solar energy by 2030 in target ISA countries.
He said that the world has come forward to support the idea of International Day of Yoga.
19. The Qatari side welcomed the participation of Indian companies in the infrastructure development projects in Qatar in preparation for the FIFA 2022 World Cup and the development plans under “Vision 2030 for Qatar”.
He said that a lot of innovation is happening at the grassroots level.
He said their contribution to the relief and rescue efforts during the Kerala floods was especially praiseworthy.
Projects stuck for years, are now progressing.
They are assisting India turn into a knowledge based, skill supported and technology driven society.
India will notify preferential treatment to the LDCs in Trade in Services in respect of:-
“Deeply anguished by the loss of lives in the hospital fire in Odisha.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with business leaders in Mumbai.
I pay my deeply felt respectful homage to Guru Nanak Dev on the occasion of the forthcoming Prakashotsav.
We also appreciate the sharp increase in Japanese bilateral assistance programme and the strength of public and private Japanese commitment for the Make in India mission.
A UK-India Technology Partnership is central to our joint vision and to our prosperity, today and for our next generations.
During the visit, I will hold extensive discussions with Prime Minister Mr. Nguyen Xuan Phuc.
Prime Minister will also be attending Annual G-20 Leaders Summit in Hangzhou, China from 3rd September 2016 to 5th September 2016.
Emphasizing on the need to promote domestic manufacturing, he spoke of the need to boost production in areas such as medical devices, electronics and defence equipment.
Jatra Jeev, Tatra Shiv – wherever there is a living being, there is Shiva;
The MoC will enable establishment and promotion of closer and long-term cooperation between India and Japan in the field of environment protection and management of natural resources on the basis of equity, reciprocity and mutual benefits, taking into account the applicable laws and legal provisions in each country.
Signing of the MoU will strengthen the cooperation between India and Russia and would provide impetus to develop the technologies and advanced systems required for the human space flight programme like radiation shielding, life support systems, crew module, rendezvous and docking systems, space suit, training for astronauts etc.
Today, we have scaled new summits in our shared journey.
I am sure, Mizoram shall continue to provide sportspersons who shall excel on the world stage.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of former Prime Minister of Sri Lanka Shri Ratnasiri Wickremanayake.
The Memorandum we signed on civil nuclear energy cooperation is more than just an agreement for commerce and clean energy.
This will be extended by Cooperative Banks to the farmers in the current financial year 2016-17.
We have agreed to further enhance our cooperation to promote international security and stability in cyberspace through a framework that recognises the applicability of international law to State behaviour in a free, open, peaceful and secure cyberspace.
Some practice may have been prevalent a few centuries ago but if it was felt redundant, it was altered.
a) To expand bilateral cooperation in the tourism sector
The Prime Minister will release a commemorative coin in honour of Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, and launch the Kala Utsav website.
The Prime Minister appreciated the youth for their active involvement in key initiatives such as Swachh Bharat and Digital India.
Agartala Airport was constructed in 1942 on the land donated by Maharaja Bir Bikram Manikya Kishore.
The event at Manekshaw Hall in New Delhi will include children from nine states across India, who will join the interaction through video-conferencing, besides the students present in the Hall itself.
The United Kingdom welcomed the pro-active steps taken by India in establishing the International Solar Alliance (ISA).
One Sardar, as history goes, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel was the second great man after Chanakya who carried on the stupendous job of uniting our country.
No one can read the story of his life without being convinced that God alone is real and that all else is an illusion.
During the recent years, social, cultural and commercial relations between India and Tunisia have developed in a positive direction.
The net result has been that both policy making and analysis are conducted in a data vacuum.
In the proposed regulations, FDI is allowed on automatic route for all “Other Financial Services” provided such services are regulated by any regulators (RBI, SEBI, PFRDA etc.) / Government Agencies.
For the common man this is an opportunity to come out of the grip of middlemen.
(MPFI) will demonstrate India’s support for its activities in distributing free prosthesis “Jaipur Foot” among the needy amputees.
“Deeply concerned by the flood situation in Varanasi.
I know the significance of this decision for Japan.
What could be a better example of Ek Bharat…Shreshtha Bharat?
Prime Minister Modi expressed satisfaction at developments in bilateral relations since then.
I once again sincerely thank you, Excellency for inviting me to Iran.
Ministerial decisions taken during the Conference include a Work Programme on disciplines on Fisheries Subsidies with a view to arriving at a decision by the Twelfth Ministerial Conference of the WTO, in 2019.
A Protocol is an instrument that partially modifies a Convention.
12. Both leaders condemned all acts of violence, terrorism and extremism, which cannot be justified under any circumstances, regardless of their motivation, in all their forms and manifestations.
The leaders welcomed the 70th anniversary of the British Council in India and its work to train teachers, deliver skills programmes for youth, and support cultural exchanges.
It will improve transparency in tax matters and will help curb tax evasion and tax avoidance.
24. The two sides agreed for regular and timely exchange of information on available investment opportunities.
India’s Department of Biotechnology (DBT) and Cancer Research UK propose to launch a £10 million bilateral research initiative which will focus on low cost approaches to cancer treatment.
In view of the importance of timely and reliable data on employment, the Prime Minister has directed the Prime Minister’s Office and concerned Ministries to come up with a solution to fill this long standing gap in the country’s statistical architecture.
Addressing the gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister noted that he had come to Maharashtra, a day before the Jayanti of the great Shivaji Maharaj.
The soft power of football can become Mizoram’s global identity.
to authorize Inter-Ministerial Committee (IMC) to approve Substitution Agreements and approve other agreements, if any to be signed between FCIL/HFCL and HURL for the three projects at Gorakhpur, Sindri and Barauni.
He said from the days of 2013-14, when India was beset with problems such as runaway inflation, high fiscal deficit and policy paralysis, change is clearly visible today.
‘Mission Indradhanush’ is one such operation that involves a vaccination program covering those kids who got left out during previous immunization campaigns and empowers them with immunity against serious diseases.
The Government of India welcomes the UK initiative of establishing a UK-India Tech Hub in India as part of our growing bilateral Technology Partnership.
The Prime Minister said that since 2014,India has made significant improvements in almost all international rankings and indices.
The Union Government has sanctioned over 3800 kilometers of National Highway with an investment of Rupees 32000 crore during last three years, out of which nearly 1200 kilometers of road has already been constructed.
In a series of tweets the PM wished that may these festivals bring joy and happiness in our lives.
The other is social sector projects of education and health.
Speaking at the farewell function in Parliament for Shri Hamid Ansari, the Prime Minister said that the long public life of Shri Ansari has been without any controversy.
He said that Yoga is not about what one will get, but it is about what one can give up.
The MoU was signed in September, 2018 during the visit of the Vice-President of India to Romania.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed sincere thanks to the Qatari leadership for hosting the Indian community and for ensuring their continued welfare and safety.
He conveyed President Putin’s greetings to Prime Minister and briefed him on the progress in ongoing projects between India and Russia.
He urged the cadets to spread greater awareness about the Government’s welfare schemes.
During the G-20 Summit, I will have an opportunity to engage with other world leaders on pressing international priorities and challenges.
However, ultimately, there was no outcome on public stockholding for food security purposes or on other agriculture issues due to an absence of consensus.
The MoC will stimulate effective cooperation in tax matters.
Background:
In so far as India is concerned, the Central Government is authorized under Section 90 of the Income Tax Act, 1961 to enter into an Agreement with a foreign country or specified territory for avoidance of double taxation of income, for exchange of information for the prevention of evasion or avoidance of income-tax chargeable under the Income-tax Act, 1961.
In the spirit of सबका साथ, सबका विकास, every Indian, irrespective of caste, gender, religion, class must have equal opportunities to partake in the new prosperity.
The Central Government will provide approximately Rs. 20,339 crore as interest subvention for 2017-18.
We will work together in East Asia Summit to promote an inclusive, balanced and open regional architecture and maritime security in the region.
The Lessee (HURL) would pay a nominal Lease Rent of Rs.1 lakh per annum to the Lessor (FCIL/HFCL).
President of the New Development Bank
The agenda and scope of our partnership is truly substantial.
We will discuss putting the global economy on the track of sustainable steady growth and responding to emerging and entrenched social, security and economic challenges.
He showed how the ancient ideals and experiences could be realized even while following the modern way of life.
And whenever the history of human civilization has entered the era of knowledge, India has shown the way.
He said women have now become fighter pilots in the Indian Air Force for the first time.
I am informed that the State has a hydro-power potential of 2100 Mega-Watts, of which we have so far tapped only a fraction.
Trade worth more than Rs. 15000 Crore takes place through the Petrapole ICP, which is more than all the other Indian Land Ports and Land Customs Stations put together.
The leaders reaffirmed the crucial role of the rules-based multilateral trading system, and the importance of enhancing free, fair, and open trade for achieving sustainable growth and development.
In Vietnam, I will have the opportunity to pay homage to Ho Chi Minh, one of 20th century’s tallest leaders.
He recalled his recent meeting with President Putin in Tashkent in June and via video-link for dedication of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant Unit 1 at the beginning of this month.
The leaders reaffirmed their commitment to lead the fight against climate change.
They stressed upon the need for building a strong partnership for the 21st century between the two countries in keeping with their responsibility for promoting peace, stability and security in the region and the world.
Culture and people breathe life into a relationship.
Speaking of Sri Ramakrishna in this gathering may seem like carrying coals to Newcastle, but I cannot stop myself from mentioning those attributes that make him so relevant to present times.
He noted that persons of Indian origin are today Prime Ministers of Mauritius, Portugal and Ireland.
DBT will also partner with UK’s Natural Environmental Research Council (NERC) on the Towards a Sustainable Earth initiative, which seeks to prioritise research and innovation for sustainable and resilient human development.
The year-long programme saw an unprecedented level of cultural exchange showcasing artistic, cultural and literary traditions in both countries and was a fitting celebration of the deep cultural ties that bind India and the UK.
When I think of the words of a great mind from Bengal, translated into Malayalam, being read and debated in Kerala, I am humbled by how ideas are shared and adapted across our country.
The credit from institutional sources will complement all such government initiatives like Soil Health Card, Input Management, Per Drop More Crop in Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sichai Yojana (PMKSY), PMFBY, e-NAM, etc.
An amount of Rs.143.604 crore will be required for the period of one year during 2018-19.
Atal ji’s exemplary service & leadership has had a very positive impact on India’s growth trajectory.
3. The UK and India will work closely together and with other Commonwealth member-states, the Commonwealth Secretariat and other partner organisations to address shared and global challenges.
My visit to Mahavir Philippines Foundation Inc.
The Prime Minister noted that some districts have always lagged in basic services such as electricity, water, education and health.
This major effort would boost economic growth in the region.
In this context, he mentioned the Union Government’s initiatives to promote autonomy in IIMs, and among top 10 public and top 10 private Universities.
Let us work together to make Mizoram one of the top tourism destinations in India.
Background
We all remember the role of Shri Narayana Guru in transforming Kerala.
As a visionary ruler, who had travelled extensively across the globe, he took several steps for the all-round development of Tripura.
I am privileged to be present among you at the beginning of the 7 day session of Sri Ramakrishna Vachanamrita Satram.
Prime Minister Modi’s discussions with Prime Minister of Italy H.E. Mr Paolo Gentolini focused on promoting bilateral relations, particularly trade and investment and people-to-people ties.
India has moved up in the World Bank Index of Ease of Doing Business.
Our aim is not just to make the North Eastern States power surplus.
The Indian side appreciated Qatar’s contribution to India’s energy security.
Both leaders also affirmed that terrorism cannot be justified on any grounds whatsoever it may be and it should not be associated with any religion, creed, nationality and ethnicity.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering, he told the Indian community in Qatar that they are never disconnected from India.
28. The Indian side invited Qatar to invest in India’s exploration & production sector by bidding for the exploration blocks in India under the new “Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing” Policy and “Discovered Small Fields” Policy.
In this context, he gave the example of Ease of Doing Business, where several parameters have visibly improved.
We share the Living Bridge of countless personal and professional ties between our nations.
Due to unavoidable reasons and disturbed conditions in the State, the Special Package as approved in May 2013 could not be fully implemented.
The role of the Guru is to interpret the eternal values in the context of the times – so that, like a river that flows, and renews itself as it flows, the stream of knowledge is ever fresh and vibrant.
to his lifelong dedication to serving the Daridra Narayan.
Prime Minister also lauded Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) and Aeronautical Development Agency (ADA) on the induction of Tejas.
Thus, farmers have to effectively pay only 4% as interest for the said crop loan.
The event marked the UK joining the Alliance, highlighted the proposed collaboration between the UK and ISA on solar financing, developing next generation solar technologies, and demonstrating UK solar business’s expertise to support the delivery of ISA’s objectives.
We are committed to take steps for early implementation of the agreements signed today.
“Ever since Assam has witnessed flooding, the Central Government has been closely and constantly monitoring the situation.
Elaborating on the benefits of Direct Benefit Transfer, he said this has helped in better targeting of subsidy and eliminated leakage to a large degree.
They further agreed to strengthen their cooperation in combating terrorism within the relevant multilateral institutions.
to provide land on lease to Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited (HURL);
Both sides are deploying the best of British and Indian talent in science, research and technology to address priority global challenges.
I pray that he is blessed with good health and a long life.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for entering into an Agreement for Bilateral Swap Arrangement (BSA) between India and Japan and authorizing the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to sign the Agreement for Bilateral Swap Arrangement between the RBI and the Bank of Japan for a maximum amount of USD 75 billion.
Crediting money directly into bank accounts via Aadhar aims at directly sending money to the beneficiaries.
This comes13 years after the last major central sector hydro-power project in the North-Eastern Region–the Kopili Stage-II.
Simple anecdotes, simple messages – told simply.
This provides institutional credit to the farmers and disengages them from non-institutional sources of credit, where they are prone to exploitation by private money lenders.
Both sides noted that addressing climate change and promoting secure, affordable and sustainable supplies of energy are key shared priorities, and agreed to cooperate on reducing the cost of development and deployment of clean energy projects through technology innovation, knowledge sharing, capacity building, trade and investment, and project establishment.
India and the UK acknowledged the importance of connectivity in today’s globalised world.
1. This will help in covering all the vulnerable rural households in the State (estimated at two thirds of the total number of households) within a definite time frame.
But, only a few people would know that it was only through his farsightedness that Sardar Saheb envisioned the creation of a Cooperative Milk Producers Union in Khera district, which was at that time called Kaira district.
Further, the MoC entails exchange of information and technology between the two countries.
Friends, The high literacy rate, scenic beauty and availability of large English speaking population in Mizoram make for a perfect blend to develop the State as a model tourist destination.
In this context, he also mentioned innovations being done by defence personnel.
The State offers significant scope for adventure tourism, cultural tourism, eco-tourism, wild-life tourism, and community-based rural tourism.
In conclusion, the Prime Minister said that the district collectors, are young and capable and could make resolutions for New India of 2022, in respect of their district.
This will help the farmers to sell when they find the market is buoyant, and avoid distress sale.
My own Mann Ki Baat experience has connected me with people across India.
Thus, India’s foodgrain procurement programmes at Minimum Support Prices remain protected.
I will also meet the President of Vietnam, Mr. Tran Dai Quang, the General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam, Mr. Nguyen Phu Trong; and the Chairperson of the National Assembly of Vietnam, Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan.
It is a great pleasure to host a personal friend and a great champion of India-Japan partnership.
The salient features of the scheme are as follows:
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval forentering into an Agreement between India and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) of China for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to taxes on income.
The Prime Minister strongly criticized what he described as a “narrative” that certain things are just impossible in India.
Likewise, in German it is ‘Wasser’, the French call it ‘Eau’, ‘Acqua in Italian, ‘Mizu’ in Japanese.
He said delayed projects cause many problems, and the PRAGATI initiative had been initiated, to give priority to completion of projects.
1. At the invitation of Prime Minister Theresa May, the Prime Minister of India, Mr Narendra Modi visited the United Kingdom (UK) as a Guest of Government on 18 April 2018.
A generous offer in Trade in Services by India should win the country goodwill of LDCs.
This will be my first bilateral visit to the Philippines where I will also participate in the ASEAN-India and East Asia Summits.
It is expected that the capacity will double with the commissioning of the Petrapole ICP and the local business community will benefit immensely from reduced transaction time and costs.
He said rankings are mostly lagging indicators, which change only after things have changed on the ground.
It can emerge as a key transit point for trade with Myanmar and Bangladesh.
We had last met in Ufa in 2015.
He said that Indian Universities must aspire to be among the world’s best, and Governors can play a crucial role in catalysing their transformation.
a. Wildlife Forensics and Conservation Genetics: Useful in species conservation efforts and better scientific evidence collection in wild life crimes leading to better enforcement.
International Rice Research Institute (IRRI) through Scientific Research and Development has developed better quality of rice seed and helped the global community in addressing food scarcity issues.
Prime Minister extended his good wishes to the friendly people of Nepal for the New Year 2016.
The two sides agreed to expand bilateral cultural and sports cooperation, including frequent exchange of cultural groups and sports teams, and by collaborating in the field of cinema.
The Prime Minister spoke about terrorism, and said the world has now understood the threat it poses.
My best wishes and greetings on Diwali to all of you.
This will be the first Research Centre by IRRI outside its headquarters in the Philippines.
The Prime Minister praised External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj for continuously keeping an eye on issues being faced by Indian citizens abroad.
The railways reached Mizoram last year, with the inauguration of the rail line connecting Bhairabi in Mizoram with Silchar in Assam.
The scheme is an important step towards the goal of doubling the income of farmers in The State by 2022.
While India is building a 100 smart cities across the country, it is also ensuring rapid progress in over 100 aspirational districts.
The Prime Minister spoke of his recent discussions with startups and entrepreneurs.
He asked them to ensure that each trader is registered under GST.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the Muslim community on Ramzan.
Prime Minister Modi invited Italy’s participation in World Food India – the food processing exhibition to be held in India in November this year.
Availability of such swap line to tide over difficulties arising out of Balance of Payment (BOP) would deter speculative attacks on the domestic currency and greatly enhance the RBI’s ability to manage exchange rate volatility.
He said that as representatives of their districts, collectors now have to decide where they want to see their districts in 2022, what deficiencies must be overcome, and what services must be ensured.
Prime Minister Modi and the Prime Minister of Norway H.E. Ms Erna Solberg discussed bilateral matters, especially strengthening of economic relations.
The decision comes in the wake of the long pending demand of people of Tripura as well as the Tripura Government for paying tribute to Maharaja Bir Bikram Manikya Kishore.
The two leaders agreed that it is the Living Bridge between the people of the two countries that gives the greatest optimism that the next generation of India and UK will have an even more robust and stronger engagement and exchange.
He said that just as he is doing this Manthan with the collectors, they can do the same in the districts.
ILO Conventions are international treaties, open for ratification by member countries.
He said that the more a collector visits the field, the more active he will be on file.
Greetings to everyone.
The leaders agreed to encourage and support this Living Bridge.
These units will act as anchor customer to Jagdishpur-Haldia Pipeline (JHPL) gas pipeline being laid for development of critical infrastructure in Eastern India.
The UK is India’s second largest international research and innovation partner.
8. Acknowledging that the agreement on Defence Cooperation signed in November 2008 provided the required framework to strengthen bilateral defence ties, the two leaders agreed to provide further impetus to these relations, including through joint exercises and enhanced training of naval, air and land forces, as also in the area of coastal defence.
We will also deepen our joint working relationship on health to make the UK and India safer and healthier places to live, including through scaling up and rolling out AI and digital health technologies.
Congratulations to Ms. Saina Nehwal.
In order to give relief to small and marginal farmers who would have to borrow at 9% for the post harvest storage of their produce, the Central Government has approved an interest subvention of 2% i.e. an effective interest rate of 7% for loans upto 6 months.
In order to facilitate HURL to set up the fertilizer projects at the three locations, Lease Deeds are to be signed with HURL by FCIL/HFCL.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed deep anguish over the loss of lives in the hospital fire in Odisha.
c) Investment in the Tourism and Hospitality sectors
He said the Sagarmala project is ushering not only development of ports but also port-led development.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee on his birthday.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the revision in the salaries, gratuity, allowances, pension etc. of the Judges of the Supreme Court and the High Courts and retired Judges of Supreme Court and High Courts.
And we also count on the BRICS Business Council to take us closer to our common objective of improving business and investment cooperation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi would be visiting Vietnam from 2nd September 2016 to 3rd September 2016.
The collective stand of BRICS countries can prove to be beneficial not only to these countries but also to other developing countries in the long run in tax matters being steered by the G20.
King Bhumibol Adulyadej or Rama 9, was widely revered by his people.
He urged the collectors to ask themselves every day whether they had done something to bring change in the lives of the poor.
It is the need of the times that we’ve to address the aspirations that have been arisen in the poor of our nation.
We will ensure that the benefits of increased finance, new markets, trade, investment, connectivity and economic integration are shared by as many countries as possible – and by the poorest and most marginalised – to build a more prosperous and safer future.
21. Expressing his appreciation for Prime Minister Modi’s vision to further accelerate India’s growth and development, His Highness the Emir expressed his confidence in India’s growth narrative.
On the website of the Mission,
India and Romania have enjoyed a strong diplomatic and long economic relationship.
In case farmers do not repay the short term crop loan in time they would be eligible for interest subvention of 2% as against 5% available above.
Some data is collected and published by certain agencies including the Labour Bureau, but the coverage is very small.
Similarly, we have moved up 32 spots in last two years in the Global Competitiveness Index.
3. During the visit, Prime Minister Modi also met His Excellency Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nasser Bin Khalifa Al-Thani, Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior of the State of Qatar.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today unveiled the plaque for laying of the Foundation Stone of the Fourth Container Terminal of the Jawaharlal Nehru Port at Mumbai.
The project was first declared and cleared by the Union Government of Prime Minister Vajpayee ji, way back in 1998, but got delayed.
The Prime Minister said that the Navi Mumbai airport project has been pending for years.
He said the date symbolizes the willpower and ambition of the youth.
We have raised the level of our tri-lateral dialogue with the United States and launched a new one with Australia.
b) Due to the cancellation of legal tender character of old Rs. 500 and Rs.1000 notes and the resulting difficulty faced by the farmers in en-cashing the cheques received against sale proceeds of their Kharif produce in the mandis; and also their constraints with adequacy of cash in carrying out Rabi operations and servicing the interest of the short term crop loans, especially in view of the restrictions imposed on Cooperative Banks, an interest waiver is being provided for a period of 2 months i.e. November & December 2016 to farmers who were disbursed crop loan from Cooperative Banks between 01.04.2016 and 30.09.2016.
He said that hard work and talent are the determinants of success.
Peace, unity and harmony were his principal teachings.
Let us also follow the light of knowledge bestowed upon us by Guru Nanak Dev which inspires us to end social disparities, exhorts us to do our bit to fight against the evil of disparity.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given the approval for the signing of Memorandum of Cooperation (MOC) in respect of tax matters between India and the Revenue administrations of BRICS countries namely, Brazil, Russian Federation, China and South Africa
The Qatari side evinced interest in the opportunities offered under the ‘Make in India’ initiative for joint production of defence equipment in India.
3. Advisory services in order to enhance planning, management and delivery of Vocational Education and Training and Skill Development.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed deep concern over the flood situation in Varanasi.
To encourage cooperation between tourism stakeholders including Hotels and Tour operators.
It is shining symbol of a new level of mutual confidence and strategic partnership in the cause of a peaceful and secure world.
The bilateral agreement to develop the Chahbahar port and related infrastructure, and availability of about US$ 500 million from India for this purpose, is an important milestone.
I am convinced that States are the main drivers of change.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, addressed and interacted with the Indian Community in Doha, shortly before leaving for Geneva on Sunday evening.
In this context, the Prime Minister spoke of the surgical strikes carried out by India recently.
India’s preferential treatment to the LDCs in Trade in Services would involve a cost of Rs. 6.5 crore annually on account of waiver of visa fees and Rs. 2.5 to 3 crore, per annum, for providing training in management and technical consultancy courses to LDC applicants.
And, I assure you that India deeply respects that decision and will honour our shared commitments.
Farmers will thus have to effectively pay only 4% as interest.
We are sharing our experience and knowledge to tackle global challenges.
The interaction will begin at 10 AM, and is expected to last for around 90 minutes.
Petrapole ICP will be the second ICP on the India-Bangladesh border after the Agartala ICP at the Agartala (India)-Akhaura (Bangladesh) land border.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to amend regulation for foreign investment in the Non- Banking Finance Companies (NBFCs).
This is for the first time MoU for cooperation in area of vocational education, training and skill development has been signed with Eurasian country.
Through ages, the beauty and richness of the Persian heritage has attracted the world to Iran.
No partner has played such a decisive role in India’s economic transformation as Japan.
The signing of Memorandum of Understanding with Romania will be instrumental in increasing arrival from this source market.
We are committed members of the Commonwealth.
While the farmers are advised to undertake on-line trade, it is also important that they avail themselves of post-harvest loans by storing their produce in the accredited warehouses.
b. Natural World Heritage Conservation: Facilitating the institutional capacity of the existing UNESCO Category -2 – centre at Wildlife Institute of India.
I pay my respectful homage to Sardar Saheb.
Lack of connectivity is one of the biggest hurdles in the path of development of the North Eastern Region.
Mr. Dmitry Rogozin, the Deputy Prime Minister of Russia called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
I am told, the Ministry for Development of the North-East Region is also supporting the activities of the North Eastern Handicrafts and Handloom Development Corporation; and the North Eastern Regional Agricultural Marketing Corporation.
Under Article 19 of the ILO Constitution, each Member State of the ILO is required to submit the instruments adopted by the Conference before the competent authority (the Parliament in case of India) within a period of one year from the closing session of the Conference.
The Central Government will be providing Rupees 5300 Crore to North Eastern States under the Scheme over the next three years.
Farmers are provided with 3% interest subvention for short term crop loan upto Rs. 3 lakhs on prompt repayment of the loan.
S Aishwarya and S Saundarya, great grand-daughters of Bharat Ratna M.S. Subbulakshmi, today called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, along with their parents, V Shrinivasan and Geetha Shrinivasan.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed pride and happiness over the induction of Tejas fighter jet into the Air Force.
As a result of the efforts of the Union Government, schemes for the benefit of the North-Eastern region have been gained momentum.
In one stroke, a unified market of 1.3 billion people has been created.
Could there be a better example of a teacher setting standards for the advancement of society?
Later today, I look forward to calling on His eminence the Hon’ble Supreme Leader to advance our ties further.
Home Minister Shri Rajnath Singh ji is closely monitoring the situation.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Philippines.
NDRF teams are present at Varanasi for rescue and relief work.
Each generation has this responsibility, the governments have this responsibility to explore possibilities of integration in each corner of the country and highlight the elements of our integration.
Under this scheme of the Uttarakhand Government, multi-purpose loans of up to one lakh rupees will be made available to the farmers at a very low interest rate of 2 percent.
Prime Minister noted with satisfaction the positive all round progress in bilateral cooperation between India and Russia.
[Means: Once we make up our mind, the distance between Kaashi and Kaashan is only half a step]
Let me conclude by saying that as Governments, we will offer full support to your endeavours.
“On Engineers Day, best wishes to all engineers, whose intellect, dedication & curiosity has led to several path-breaking innovations.
Nobody was left outside the ambit.
Guru Nanak Dev, his teachings and blessings are very relevant even now and are a source of inspiration for humanity as a whole.
Participating in workshops and training courses; iv.
The Prime Minister compared the development work in a district to a relay race.
Bhogi greetings to all those celebrating.
