African energy helps run the engine of the Indian economy; its resources are powering our industries; and, African prosperity offers growing market for Indian products.
There are certain things which are meant for the country and we have to refine this national character.
The informal interaction between the Prime Minister and the beneficiaries, lasted for over an hour.
Not only the elders but children also have become aware about cleanliness.
The Prime Minister appreciated the contribution of Kutchi samaj towards all round development especially their role in the reconstruction and rehabilitation after the earthquake in Kutch in 2001.
Further, certain redundant provisions will be dispensed with and remaining provisions will stand consolidated and simplified so as to promote case of doing business, transparency and effective delivery of services.
India and Bangladesh have deepened their links through rail, road, power and transit.
In course of his review today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of vital infrastructure projects in the road, railway, metro rail, power, and food processing sectors, spread over several states, including Delhi, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Odisha, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra and Telangana.
Let me begin by expressing my deepest condolences on the loss of lives in the terrorist attack on a civilian Russian aircraft and in the unfortunate downing of the military jet in Syria.
The objective is to meet the quantitative and qualitative gap in the supply of skilled manpower for the petroleum sector and to promote research activities needed for the growth of the sector.
It is state of art nuclear medicine cancer therapy machine, developed and manufactured in India.
• In countries like India, there are vast opportunities for those wishing to invest in clean coal technology, since our dependence will not reduce very soon.
The seas that surround the Indian peninsula, connect us to some of the world’s biggest markets, including Africa, the Middle East and Europe.
In fisheries, India has emerged second largest country of the world.
Indian IT companies have made a name for themselves globally.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that India is fully committed to supporting Nepal in the post-earthquake reconstruction effort.
He will lay the foundation stone of the Kashi Vishwanath Temple approach Road, Beautification & Strengthening Project.
However, our initial measures have helped in building up an enhanced investor confidence.
Truly phenomenal performance” said the Prime Minister.
Mr. Zuckerberg added that Facebook will help in the creation of the Clean India Mobile App and that it would be launched soon.
They have built an unbreakable chain of trust between us.
Initiating the discussion, the Prime Minister stated that the Centre, States, Local Bodies, NGOs and citizens have to work together to resolve the problems posed by drought.
May the new year fulfil all your wishes”, the Prime Minister said.
And we wish to develop it as a countywide culture in the field of medical treatment.
And despite the widespread adverse reaction globally, Atal ji did not buckle under pressure, and showed the world that India is “Atal,” the Prime Minister said.
And I have seen that in the midst of such difficulties, all personnel of banks and post offices are working very hard.
Indeed, our hopes of an Asian Century will be realized, when we see Asia as one – not as South, West, East or Central.
I am pleased to see it being realized in such a short time.
Their economies have vast complementarities that create boundless opportunities for mutually beneficial economic partnership.
The group says they have driven over 10,000 km, covering 13 States/UTs, and interacted with people on social themes, such as Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao; and Swachh Bharat.
Speaking on Rafale, PM Modi said Defence Minister had answered to all the allegations in detail and the controversy was being created by those who think no defence deal can be done without kickbacks.
I am sure this will touch the lives of several sisters and brothers in Kyrgyzstan.
100 percent neem coating of Urea has also resulted in lowering expenditure on fertilizer, apart from raising productivity.
Government of India has started programs like Startup India, Standup India so that the youth can realize their dreams.
During the operation, a sailor from Thailand Navy sacrificed his life.
The first Cadre Review of the service was conducted in 1983 and the second and last Cadre Review was conducted in 1991.
Speaking on this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering on the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Divas.
In the field of nuclear energy, we are purchasing six nuclear reactors from Westinghouse which will mark a new era in our nuclear and scientific cooperation.
We know that in our country there are three states that have already been declared Open Defecation Free states, that is, Sikkim, Himachal Pradesh and Kerala.
PM said that with its rapid progress, India is being seen on a high pedestal across the world and is in a position to lead the global community.
88. BRICS Parliamentary Forum (on the margins of IPU) 89.
Shri J.S. Mukul, Dean, Foreign Service Institute
6 women officers of the Navy begin their journey of circumnavigating the globe on board INSV Tarini.
A festive atmosphere regarding cleanliness got geared up.
The Governor of Jharkhand Shri Sayed Ahmed, the Chief Minister of Jharkhand Shri Hemant Soren, the Union Minister for Communications and IT Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad, the MoS(I/c) for Power Shri Piyush Goyal, and the MoS(I/c) for Petroleum and Natural Gas, Shri Dharmendra Pradhan, were present on the occasion.
However, when we wake up the next morning we go the left side habitually believing that the bathroom was there and we hit the wall.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of vital infrastructure projects in the railway, road, port, power and natural gas sectors, spread over several states including Telangana, Odisha, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Haryana, Bihar, West Bengal, and Meghalaya.
Climate change is an existential threat to the Pacific Islands.
We share a strategic partnership based on our common values.
You would have been surprised that in the program today some of my personal guests are present.
They also talked about the Digital India initiative.
Signing and ratification of the agreement on transfer of sentenced persons between India and the Mongolia will enable sentenced persons to be near their families, and would help in the process of their social rehabilitation.
I am not in public life to further a dynasty.
A New dedicated DD Channel, for Arunachal Pradesh – DD Arun Prabha was launched by PM at IG Park, Itanagar.
The festival of lights Deepawali conveys the message of ‘TAMSO MA JYOTIRGAMAYA’, to move from darkness to light.
NSDC and NSDF were set up by the Ministry of Finance and registered in July, 2008 and January, 2009 respectively for implementing coordinated action for skill development.
Your accomplishment at Rio 2016 is historic and will be remembered for years. ”, the Prime Minister said.
I am confident that this milestone year for our relationship will be the springboard for taking our strategic partnership to a new level.
“It gives me great pleasure to have seen the exceptional work done by you all in ensuring the success of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
This ecosystem was born in the Silicon Valley.
The government will now ensure that the benefits of vaccination reach all sections of the society, regardless of social and economic status.”
You too must be feeling happy with a sense of satisfaction at this mega sale in just one Khadi & Handloom store.
Members of the Women Self Help Groups will also share their experiences with Prime Minister.
They agreed that more must be done by the international community to stem terrorism financing and welcomed the organization of an International Conference on Fighting Terrorism Financing in Paris in April 2018 by the French government.
Its Headquarters is located at Dhaka.
He interacted with the people, who have resolved to make the village open-defecation-free.
He was the son of a farmer.
Referring to the eminent sportspersons present in the gathering, he said they too would have faced many obstacles; but they did not give up and went on to distinguish themselves.
Only then can we create the India of the dreams of our freedom fighters.
The Union Government has embarked upon a major policy initiative for the rapid transformation of 115 districts that are lagging on specific development parameters.
·Ensure that the economically vibrant middle-class remains engaged, and its potential is fully realized.
The Prime Minister said, “We have taken a major step to provide education facilities at the higher educational, technical and professional institutions in addition to the reservation for the poor from general category.
Please go write your exams, free from tension,and get good results.
Also, ICDP will provide technical / operational support, facilitate capacity building in terms of manpower training in key scientific areas, sample and data management and support workshops for the Koyna scientific deep drilling project undertaken by Ministry of Earth Sciences.
Actually, Pandharpur Wari is an amazing journey in itself.
On this occasion, many felicitations to the citizens of these two states on my behalf.
Shri Narendra Modi was received on arrival at Dublin Airport by Mr. Leo Varadkar, the Irish Minister for Health.
This year has been great for our sporting fraternity, with the Indian athletes excelling in various tournaments including Asian Games 2018 and Commonwealth Games”, the Prime Minister said.
The views of concerned Ministries viz the then Planning Commission, Ministry of North Eastern Region, and Department of Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance were sought in this regard.
At the same event, he will also dedicate to the nation the fourth container terminal at JNPT.
The two Prime Ministers stressed the need for inclusive political settlements in Syria and Iraq and committed to further support the victims in these brutal conflicts.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Justice of India, Shri Justice J.S. Khehar, recalled the Sesquicentennial Celebrations of Allahabad High Court on 2nd April this year.
The joint training and exercises will help to bring symmetry in capacities of the armed forces and contribute to countering and managing common threats and challenges much better.
However big a celebrity be, or however rich one might be or however high an official be – each one contributes as an ordinary devotee in this Punyan Poonkavanam programme and becomes a part of this cleanliness drive.
He said visitors can see the true picture of the progress the State has made in the last few years.
Swapping of the land with MCGM will enable M/s MIAL to complete the development work of CSIA, Mumbai.
In a way, a mass campaign of public education gets underway through these Ganesh festivities.
She has vowed to send her only son to join the CRPF.
Senior PMO officials welcomed and received Shri Narendra Modi, when he arrived at the Prime Minister’s Office in South Block.
The Sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority.
PM: Investment worth 100 billion dollars has applied for visa to India.
The Prime Minister appreciated the various discussions and inputs shared during the Conference.
Use of firewood and other biomass for cooking is a health hazard for rural women.
My dear country men, through Mann Ki Baat, I connect with you regularly.
It instills discipline and ethos of hard-work.
The Citation adds: “Under his leadership, India is now identified as the Centre for Innovation and Value Added Manufacturing (Make in India), as well as a global hub for professional services such as Information Technology, Accounting and Finance.”
But they have definitely taken the help of someone who needs to be identified.
The United States and India share common climate and clean energy interests and are close partners in the fight against climate change.
Now, the next decade is crucial.
This aims to channel investments from both domestic and international sources into infrastructure.
And, in 2001, when the earthquake hit my state of Gujarat, Malay Indians came together on their own to raise funds to help victims reclaim life.
Our thoughts are with the bereaving families.
He said that the reason for this is that art has its own strength and message.
I extend a warm welcome to all of you and hope that the sessions ahead with heavy legislative agenda will be productive and useful.
power exchange through cross border interconnections.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to former South African President Nelson Mandela, on `Mandela Day`.
The Prime Minister has also approved the request of Shri L. C. Goyal, IAS (KL:1979) seeking voluntary retirement from Government service due to personal reasons with immediate effect.
Further, the land offered by the State Government is contiguous to existing airport and it will be used by AAI for construction of Parallel Taxi Track.
He said that along with the public sector and private sector, he was laying emphasis to individual start-ups and entrepreneurs – whom he referred to as the “personal sector.”
He said it was a privilege for India to host Heads of 10 ASEAN countries as honoured guests at the Republic Day function in New Delhi.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
Mrs. Parly briefed the Prime Minister about developments in bilateral defence cooperation.
The continuation of the Mission would enable all adults/households of the country to have atleast a basic bank account with access to other financial services, social security schemes and overdraft upto Rs. 10,000.
It is expected that by accepting offers of special loan for projects in Infrastructure sector and in sectors of strategic importance on mutually agreed basis, the extensive capital requirement in these sectors will be fulfilled.
In our country, we give subsidy for the gas cylinders.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkarjee.
India’s strength, especially in pharmaceuticals, can join hands with your priorities to shape an affordable and efficient healthcare system in Kenya.
MoU for promoting mutual investments between Italian Trade Agency and Invest India
“Very good day for India at the Asian Games.
He was a torchbearer of hope, not just for Singapore, but for all of Asia.
This was said by Ambedkar, Gandhi too.
Nation’s economy has seen those quarters when the growth rate slipped down to 0.2 per cent, 1.5 per cent.
He explained Essel Group’s recent social initiatives on themes such as water supply, power supply, Swachh Bharat and Affordable Housing.
Many entrepreneurs are involved in promoting Yoga, spirituality, and traditional Ayurvedic products.
For India, with its birth cohort of 26 million, the challenges are formidable but the commitment to succeed is also as strong.
I congratulate our space and defence scientists for their achievements.
Afghanistan will help India and ICAI to facilitate indirect employment generation for Indian CAs through recognition and acceptability amongst Afghanistan employers.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Iran on the establishment of an expert group on trade remedy measures to promote cooperation in areas of mutual interest.
Adopting UDAY is optional for States, but provides the fastest, most efficient and financially most feasible way for providing 24X7 Power for All.
Teams of the Department of Telecom have been directed to restore telecommunication links in the fastest possible manner to the affected areas.
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters include:
The President and the First Lady also sat on a traditional cot, before joining the Prime Minister for a private dinner on the riverfront.
He noted that India is making rapid strides towards a gas based economy.
Ensuring delivery of rights and services to the deprived by the Government is also a way of protecting interests of the consumers.
But if we are aware, alert and active, the prevention is also very easy.
However, this is the impact of Global Warming and Climate Change that one does not feel the intense cold these days.
He will also address a gathering.
He described Ramleela as the festival of victory of truth over falsehood; and of defeating the oppressor.
This is not only in Pune but all over the country with the increase of 200 to 300 percent income for urban bodies.
To support our collaboration in cutting edge technology, we have agreed to set up a Joint S&T Fund of 4 million Euros.
We must delink terrorism from religion, and assert the human values that define every faith.
Prime Minister noted that India’s relations with Afghanistan have been forged by ancient cultural links and timeless bonds of mutual affection and admiration, which had grown deeper in recent years as the Afghan people have strived to rebuild their lives and their nation.
GSAT-11 will be ready for launch by the end of 2016.
The PSLV Continuation Programme – Phase 6 will meet the demand for the launch of satellites at a frequency up to eight launches per year, with maximal participation by the Indian industry.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi released the Platinum Jubilee Milestone book on Tata Memorial Centre, at his residence in New Delhi today.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will address farmers in the next series of ‘Mann Ki Baat’ on All India Radio.
And the entire British Empire feared these three young men.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has expressed sadness at the passing away of Mr. Beau Biden.
It also holds the key to the fortunes of the world.
The Prime Minister said that those nations who forget history also lose the power to create it.
Taking the broom to sweep the streets, cleaning up the garbage, focussing on sanitation and maintaining a hygienic environment have become a practice after the launch of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, Government plans to build around three crore houses in rural areas and one crore houses in urban areas.
We will break the backbone of terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir and fight it with all our might.”
Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following proposals:
This will be first of its kind of project in India.
Apart from the above, NEC is also implementing “North Eastern Road Sector Development Scheme – Programme Component” for upgradation of the important and strategic inter-state roads.
“Today is a special day!
Similarly, we intend to further strengthen our close cooperation in the areas of science, technology and education.
“Spoke to J&K CM Shri Mufti Mohammad Sayeed and took stock of the situation arising due to the unfortunate earthquake”, the Prime Minister said.
R&D on second and third generation biofuels and fuel cells are required to meet the country’s energy challenges.
Sardar Patel rose from being a farmer’s son to be known as the Iron Man of the country, undertaking the extraordinary task of uniting India into one nation.
There is no question of any discrimination based on gender,” the Prime Minister said.
2. This is President Solih’s first visit abroad after assuming the office of President of the Republic of Maldives on 17 November 2018.
I offered all possible assistance.
This will be our second Summit in a month’s time since the visit of President Maithripala Sirisena to India last month.
I do not wish that whatever I speak from the ramparts of Red Fort should just be the opinion of the Prime Minister; it should be the collective voice of 125 crores countrymen.
I believe it will be a lot easier to convert opportunities into concrete outcomes.
Recently, the UN General Assembly finally adopted a document after over 20 years that would form the basis of formal discussions on this matter.
In this context, he recalled the experience of officers in post-earthquake reconstruction in Gujarat, in 2001.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is a great honour for me to be here amongst the friendly Nagas to celebrate the world famous Hornbill Festival.
He will also visit Agra.
But, to maintain this partnership over the long run, we must also improve the access of Indian industry to the Chinese market.
When I discussed with the eleven states, I noticed that even for cultivating paddy for production of rice, some of them had employed drip irrigation successfully and got higher yields, thereby also reducing the requirement for water as well as for labour.
Both leaders agreed to continue communication and cooperation to promote stronger ties.
Our engagement with ASEAN is not just about a solid base of shared civilizational heritage.
14. The Sides appreciated the work done by “Invest India’’ to facilitate Russian investors in India and the planned launch of a “Single Window Service” by the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation for facilitating operation of Indian companies in Russia.
g) Foster bilateral cooperation through film tourism for promoting the two countries as attractive tourism destinations and
Sometimes we hear disappointing news about our nation.
They are the messengers of the intent and policies of the Government, in far-flung areas.
This two-day Summit, celebrating the achievements of the participating countries in the area of Maternal and Child Health, was conceptualized to accelerate joint leadership for ending preventable deaths among mothers and children.
He mentioned petroleum, renewable energy, infrastructure, and defence manufacturing, as possible areas for Saudi investment.
Our bilateral defense cooperation is built on strong mutual trust.
Cranganore is where Jews enjoyed religious and cultural autonomy for centuries, before they moved to Cochin and other places in Malabar.
He also mentioned Atal Tinkering Labs which have been set up to encourage children to innovate.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will release a commemorative coin on Guru Gobind Singh ji, on January 13, 2019.
Every life, every being is a source of inspiration.
The available land with both the CPSEs will be put up for public use/other government use for overall development of society.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today gave its ex-post facto approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Singapore Cooperation Enterprise (SCE), an Agency of Government of Singapore on cooperation in the field of Urban Planning and Governance.
The Prime Minister said that a lot has been achieved since independence, but several challenges have arisen as well.
I hope delegates from around the world found it a smooth and seamless experience.
The component design expertise of Indian engineers and low cost mass production by China can cater to the global markets in a better way.
6. The Two Sides stress the equal importance and urgency of implementing the outcomes of the Bali Road Map in order to increase the pre-2020 ambition and build mutual trust amongst countries.
“It’s a proud moment for everyone that today, all over the world; people are welcoming the brightness and warmth of the sun with Yoga.
Mr.Speaker,
Just think about the perseverance and the huge effort put in by him in repeating the feat of winning a second gold medal at 35 years of age 12 years after winning the first one at 23.
I call upon all of you to defeat Diabetes which plays host to so many diseases.
This device provides information in local language.
He launched several development projects worth Rs. 1500 crores and laid foundation stones of various Projects.
He said police academies of each state should have a book dedicated to the memory of these personnel from their state.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal –
The exhibition will be inaugurated by the Prime Minister on October 31, 2016 – the birth anniversary of Sardar Patel.
Yesterday, had requested you all to share pictures of your visits to the Northeast on Instagram using #MagnificentNortheast.
Kazakhstan is India’s largest trading partner in Central Asia and has been a valued friend of India at various international forums.
“Narayanbhai Desai will be remembered as a scholarly personality who brought Gandhi ji closer to the masses.
I am confident that the visit will mark the start of a new chapter in our strategic partnership.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the International Conference on Frontiers in Yoga Research and its applications, at Jigani, Bengaluru.
Elaborating on the benefits of Direct Benefit Transfer, he said this has helped in better targeting of subsidy and eliminated leakage to a large degree.
He also stressed the need to decongest critical stretches, and adopt latest technologies for toll collection.
Every Indian is indebted to Sardar Patel for his monumental service to our nation”, the Prime Minister said.
Influence of terrorists and terrorism has been curtailed and it is going to be curtailed even more.
We inherited a system where cronyism and corruption were believed to be rampant in banking decisions and in appointments to public sector banks.
Let us all, once again remembering revered Bapu and taking a resolve to build a Clean India, put in our best endeavours.
He said the Statue would generate considerable tourism opportunities for the region.
On our part, we see Afghanistan as the hub for strengthening links of connectivity between South Asia and Central Asia.
The cheque was handed over to Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Dalbir Singh, at the traditional “At Home” at Army House on the occasion of the 67th Army Day.
You can imagine what a mammoth undertaking it was!
It is more fierce and wider than cancer.”
We will also reinforce our partnership on the global platform and deepen our security cooperation, including on maritime security, countering terrorism.
In keeping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s vision, Khelo India is expected to help scout young talent from the schools in various disciplines and groom them as future sports champions.
She rode for 159 days, covering around 300 kilometres every day.
This is in tune with Government’s policy of “Ease of Doing Business”.
At this important milestone, you can look back with pride on what you have accomplished at home and abroad.
The issue of terrorism also figured in the talks.
Following are the brief highlights of the speech:
He unveiled plaques to mark the laying of Foundation Stones, or dedication of various projects in Varanasi.
Increasing urbanization, and a growing middle class, are resulting in an ever-growing demand for wholesome, processed food.
Over the last two and a half years, we have worked relentlessly to realise India’s potential, and to set right the economy.
The Prime Minister said that today people are expressing their desire for cleanliness in one voice.
This dispensation will allow the financially sound State entities to directly borrow and repay the loan required for major infrastructure projects without burdening the State exchequer.
I have been given to understand that over the next two days this Forum will discuss12 success stories from all over the world.
He said that the message of Sufism is not just confined to combating terrorism, but also encompasses his creed of “Sab Ka Saath, Sab Ka Vikaas”.
Your Parliament’s decision to host me on a Sunday is a remarkable gesture of honour for India.
I have spoken to the Governor and Chief Minister of J&K and assured all possible assistance required”, the Prime Minister said.
Many countries in our region have transformed their economies and become engines of global economic growth.
This approval authorizes BSNL to monetize its telecom tower infrastructure with the formation of a separate subsidiary company.
He called upon Chief Ministers of Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Sikkim, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Andhra Pradesh, to work together to make recommendations on a coordinated policy approach to the two subjects of “agriculture and MNREGA,” including both pre-sowing, and post-harvest phases.
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting at the Sher-e-Kashmir cricket stadium in Srinagar.
PM said that India’s multi-dimensional heritage was well reflected in the works of Gurudev.
This will ensure appropriate integration with the existing health insurance/ protection schemes of various Central Ministries/Departments and State Governments (at their own cost), State Governments will be allowed to expand AB-NHPM both horizontally and vertically.
2. Leaders of the two countries reviewed the progress of bilateral relations.
Not only has she advanced herself but has carried forward the country and society to newer heights.
During the auction organized at NGMA, a specially handcrafted wooden bike, received a successful bid of Rs. 5 lakhs.
So, we should not make such Ganeshji idols, which create problems.
Sustainable development is important for both.
The Prime Minister thanked the Governors for the various inputs given during the course of the Conference.
And our Future is built on the Choices YOU Make, and the Actions YOU Take.
It is a relationship that is as strategic as it is wide-ranging.
He said, “Our government allocated Rs. 44000 crore funds to Arunachal which is double the amount provided by the previous governments.”
Addressing a large public meeting, the Prime Minister said that he is delighted to come to a land closely associated with the great poet Ramdhari Singh Dinkar Ji.
It was decided to be closed down in January, 2016 with offer of attractive VRS/VSS to all their employees.
It will enable upto Rs.10000 Pension per month for Senior Citizens.
India enjoys deep friendship and multi-dimensional ties with the Member States of the SCO.
2. Promote development of FinTech solutions for business/financial sectors;
I have great pleasure to be amidst all of you at Coimbatore, the textile capital of South India and the commercial hub of Tamil Nadu, to inaugurate the newly constructed building for the Medical College and the Hospital.
Thanks to our efforts, capacities have increased and prices of renewable energy have crashed.
“Greetings to @BSF_India personnel and their families on BSF Raising Day.
He recalled the deep emotional bonds of friendship that are felt by the people of Bahrain towards India.
President François Hollande and I will meet in Chandigarh and Delhi.
He has warned the perpetrators and those aiding and abetting terrorists that they have made a big mistake and will have to pay a heavy price.
[Meaning: Days of separation are over; night of wait is coming to an end; Our friendship will stay forever.]
This, he explained, addresses a big imbalance in our social structures.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of an Agreement for cooperation in the field of Agriculture and allied sectors between India and Portugal.
He said that the Government is also investing about one lakh crore rupees to complete long pending irrigation projects, which will be of great and lasting help to farmers in many parts of the country.
My faith is that water is a Gift from God.
The MoU will enable India to exchange experiences in the innovation and IP ecosystems that will substantially benefit entrepreneurs, investors and businesses on both sides.
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
In the last July itself, they performed the task of more than 900 such registrations.
She is now one of the leading manufacturers of Pashmina shawls in her area.
It is truly a great honour and privilege to host you in India for the second Summit of Forum for India Pacific Islands Cooperation – FIPIC, as it is called now.
Nature is pure.
“On World Tourism Day, I invite you all to visit India and experience India’s beauty, diversity and warmth of our people”, the Prime Minister said.
• Exchange knowledge and explore cooperation on smart cities, including transit-oriented urban development, air pollution control, waste management, waste-to-energy, waste-water treatment, district cooling and circular economy, including through dialogue and capacity building. –
These houses were built by our ancestors in sync with nature and surroundings of this place”.And she was saying all this with such a feeling of pride that it made me think that engineers in that era had constructed such structures according to the local situations which kept the commonman safe and secured.
There are a large number of such persons who have brought in positive transformation in the lives of many people through endeavour at their own level.
Startups are the engines of exponential growth, manifesting the power of innovation.
It is not just a call for economic inclusion.
16 of these banks are in Eastern Uttar Pradesh.
She says milkmen, newspaper vendors, postmen come close to our homes.
Launch of Kayakalp- an initiative for Award to Public Health Facilities:
Taking necessary steps to enhance connectivity (institutional, physical, digital and people-to people) between Andaman and Nicobar Islands of India and Provinces in Sumatera Island of Indonesia to promote trade, tourism and people to people contacts; facilitate B to B linkages between the Chamber of Commerce of Andaman and the ones of the Provinces in Sumatera, including Aceh.
Today, we renew our pledge to make women an equal and integral part of our development journey.
Prime Minister Modi called on H.E. Mr. Xi Jinping, President of the People’s Republic of China and held talks with H.E. Mr. Li Keqiang, Premier of the State Council.
You can be Pushtoons, Uzbeks, Tajiks, Hazaras.
Availability of such swap line to tide over difficulties arising out of Balance of Payment (BOP) would deter speculative attacks on the domestic currency and greatly enhance the RBI’s ability to manage exchange rate volatility.
After writing off of the accumulated losses, the equity and paid up capital of HSCL will become Rs. 34.3 crore.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with them.
The Letter of Intent will strengthen relations between the two countries and pave the way for bilateral cooperation between the two countries on skill development and recognition of qualifications.
I extend a warm welcome to President Rahmon and his delegation in India.
Wastage, as I said earlier, must be removed in subsidies.
This has been our creed since we assumed office nearly a year ago.
Well, nowadays they are thinking of Baba Bhole instead of Baba Saheb.
Chief Ministers and senior officials from these States are expected to be present at the meetings.
The Government will take adequate measures to validate the data before payment is made.
Imagine the impact in terms of jobs created directly and in the related manufacturing and services sector!
30. As two major powers in the emerging world order, engagement between India and China transcends the bilateral dimension and has a significant bearing on regional, multilateral and global issues.
It was was approved by the CCEA in January 2017 at an estimated cost of Rs. 2254 crore.
To give you some examples:-
He said clusters will be formed of pharma MSMEs.
My heart goes out to the affected people and my deepest sympathies are with them and their families.
The Cabinet met under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and extended its heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family on behalf of the Government and the entire nation.
The gems and jewellery sector is one of the leading sectors in India in terms of value of exports as well as employment generation.
The Prime Minister interacted with boatmen, and took a brief ride on an e-boat in the River Ganga, before arriving at the dais to address the gathering at Assi Ghat.
Yoga is the catalytic agent, ushering the transformation from Jiva to Shiva.
It is our responsibility to further develop the understanding about Yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
Later we are all the way.
India has become the fastest growing large economy in the world.
We share common aspirations and challenges.
“India and Bangladesh recently settled their maritime boundary using the mechanism of UNCLOS.
They even treat them like their brothers and sisters.
The Prime Minister will also visit his constituency, Varanasi.
It is a good opportunity that the focus of the G20 agenda and its results should be brought to the priorities of the developing countries.
The consequent growth and will pave the way for increased direct and indirect employment in the MSME sector of the country.
He said a dedicated Start-up fund worth Rs. 10,000 crore will be created for funding of Start-ups.
May the New Year bring greater happiness, glad tidings and prosperity for all of you.
He also showed that it is important to leave a clean and green planet for the future generations, the Prime Minister added.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for forming an expert group under the Chairmanship of Shri Arvind Panagariya, Vice-Chairperson, NITI AAYOG, to classify the Caste names returned in the Socio Economic and Caste Census, 2011 (SECC).
The sentiments for private investment and inflow of foreign investment are positive.
The Roadmap for Military Cooperation has paved way for greater interaction between the militaries of both countries, including in training, exchange of senior functionaries of the militaries, Staff talks and Exercises.
Political and Security Relations.
That underlines America’s success and inspires the world.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved transfer of 16.5 cents of land and building belonging to Department of Posts at Thrissur in Kerala to Thrissur Municipal Corporation for widening of Pattalam Road, in public interest on the principle of land in exchange of land.
The MoU with NGI will enable preparation of Detailed Project Reports (DPR) in respect of several on-going projects for construction of strategic tunnels.
Government is also working on various road projects.
On the subject of law and order, the Prime Minister emphasised the importance of foot patrolling and constabulary Intelligence.
He held a short briefing with the Principal Secretary to PM Shri Nripendra Mishra and senior officers in PMO.
Relevant Ministries will take the required actions to implement these decisions.
Let us treat electricity as a commodity like any other that we invest and trade in.
ImTeCHO is an innovative mobile phone application to improve performance of ASHAs through better supervision, support and motivation for increasing coverage of proven maternal, newborn and child health interventions among resource-poor settings in India.
The Prime Minister also complimented the State of Chhattisgarh for taking initiatives that enable value addition for farmers.
The delegation congratulated the Prime Minister on the steps taken by the Union Government for inclusive growth, socio-economic and educational empowerment of all sections of the society including Minorities.
We must understand the impact of climate change on our weather, biodiversity, glaciers, and oceans; and, how to adjust to them.
I am delighted to visit Malaysia.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
Cricket and hockey are natural glue between our people.
We do not want to move on the road of bullets and abuses, we want to move ahead with love and affection with the Kashmiri people who have stood with us in patriotic fervor.
This visit is an occasion:
On 8th June, I will address a Joint Meeting of the US Congress.
I assured Prime Minister of timely support in all areas, including delivery of other ships and equipment that Mauritius has ordered from India.
This must also be a priority for BRICS nations.
f) to encourage visits of Tour Operators/Media/ Opinion Makers and tourists from both countries for promotion of two way tourism;
Both sides share an interest in preserving these vital maritime conduits of trade.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to ratify the Paris Agreement (on Climate Change) on 2nd October 2016, the day of Gandhi Jayanti.
And, they are gathering speed now.
This will enhance mutual trust and trade.
(iii). In peaceful uses of outer space and the peaceful use of nuclear energy;
Prime Minister emphasized the importance of finding a durable solution to the political problems facing Nepal based on consensus or ‘sahmati’.
The project created a global appeal to a beautiful Indian bhajan.
“ India today has the fourth largest refining capacity in the world.
It’s important for us to come together to face these forces.
India’s 1200 island territories, and our huge Exclusive Economic Zone of 2.4 million square kilometers makes clear the economic significance of the Indian Ocean.
Many people from your village might have migrated to cities.
Our Startups represent not just commercial success stories, but are powerful examples of social innovation.
Shri Narendra Modi also added that there are very few creations, which stand the scrutiny of time, the way Dinkar’s writing has.
The proposal entails Bloomberg Philanthropies to work as Knowledge Partner and support the development and execution of a Cities Challenge under the Smart Cities Mission.
Minister of Women and Child Development.
He had also shown the path that one can find God, if he comes out of cast boundary.
PM to inaugurate Lower Panazara medium Project under PMKSY
My Best wishes to all of you.
He said the pace of construction has been increased, and nearly 1.25 crore houses have been built in less than five years.
If we take into consideration the 29 states, the 7 Union Territories, the 7 taxes of the Centre and the 8 taxes of the states, and several different taxes for different commodities, the number of taxes sum up to a figure of 500!
This will be done by utilising the Export Development Fund (EDF).
The two Prime Ministers exchanged greetings on the occasion of the festival of Diwali, celebrated recently.
This is a historic year for India-Sri Lanka relations, as it is for Sri Lanka.
However, he feels, that in a way, this is what ignites an innovative zeal in our youth.
I am deeply touched by your extraordinary hospitality and warmth.
I wonder whether, if the fertiliser subsidy is re-named as “incentive for agricultural production”, some experts will view it differently.
FCI was established in 1965 under the Food Corporations Act, 1964 for the purpose of procurement, storage, distribution and sale of foodgrains and other foodstuffs.
Food inflation has come down from over 15% a year ago to 3.1% last month.
May the injured recover at the earliest”, the Prime Minister said.
He said countries of the world wish to walk with India on the path of peace and stability.
Nearly 10 lakh citizens get reward money over Rs.153.5 crore for embracing Digital Payments
After the Bill becomes an Act, members of the community included in the list of Scheduled Castes will be able to derive benefits meant for Scheduled Castes under the existing schemes.
This time, not one but Ten chief guests would grace the Republic Day.
Lucknow has witnessed tremendous growth in the last two decades.
Underlining the efforts of Government in ensuring ‘Housing for All’ by 2022, Prime Minister said that in the last four years, Government has built over 1.25 crore houses.
And, cricket has been an important part of our relations.
He said our land has been blessed with great individuals who have transformed our society.
I conveyed appreciation for Tajikistan’s continued support for India’s candidature for permanent membership of a reformed UN Security Council.
15. President Solih expressed his happiness at the signing of the Agreement, as this will facilitate many Maldivians who send their children to school in India, to be able to accompany them.
Seminar on Challenges in Developing the Bond Market in BRICS (27 September 2016, Mumbai) 60.
India’s membership of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation adds a new dimension to our partnership.
Further, it has been recommended that one day in each month and one week each year (culminating with 2nd October) may be assigned for the activities of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan and to reward best performing Gram Panchayat, Block, ULB, District and State as per the ratings.
We have launched the e- National Agriculture Market scheme (e-NAM) in April 2016 so that the farmers are able to get fair prices for their crops that will help them to sell their crops easily.
He described Rajasthan as a land of courage.
These functions are inspectorial, investigatory and advisory in nature.
It is a friendship we cherish,” the Prime Minister said.
I am happy to note that BPCL along with other PSUs has set up a Skill Development Institute for skilling and developing employable youth.
The Prime Minister said, “On World Tourism Day, I invite people from all over the world to come & discover the beauty of Incredible India & hospitality of our people.
My vision for the future of mobility in India is based on 7 C’s – Common, Connected, Convenient, Congestion-free, Charged, Clean and Cutting-edge.
A record allocation of Rs. 14.5 lakh crores has been made for rural development and agriculture.
India and Singapore have been together at many crossroads of time.
The Prime Minister said he wants India to follow the Japanese model for skill development, so that its demographic dividend can meet the global requirement of skilled manpower.
Creation of new Incubation Centres is essential just as it is necessary to strengthen the older Incubation Centres.
We need to ensure that vulnerable sections of our society do not fall prey to the evil designs of cyber criminals.
You might have noticed one recent incident, a unique example of grit, determination and patriotism that was witnessed by all countrymen.
“Deeply saddened by the passing away of Kalaignar Karunanidhi.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed on 15th February, 2016 between India and Sweden on Technical Cooperation in the Railway Sector.
He added that the teachings of Imam are still relevant today.
The BharatNet project envisages connecting Gram Panchayats with underground optical fibre network.
Transformative American technologies in India and growing investment by Indian companies in the United States both have a positive impact on the lives of our citizens.
The Prime Minister noted that the DAV College Management Committee had offered to support his Clean Ganga initiative.
And no shame that prevents them from doing record corruption.
Rebate of taxes/levies has been permitted through an IT-driven scrip system at notified rates.
Divyang brothers & sisters from different parts of the country participated & displayed their stellar skills.
The Prime Minister congratulated all those who contributed during the “Swachhata hi Seva” fortnight; but added that a lot more needs to be done.
The Prime Minister exhorted people to recognize the strength of India’s democracy.
Dr. M. Karunanidhi was also famous for his writing and oratorical skills.
The Prime Minister also said that expectations are essential.
No longer will the progress and prosperity of rural India be curtailed by corruption and black money.
199 gold medals, 199 silver medals and 275 bronze medals are at stake in the Khelo India School Games.
The expedition has been titled Navika Sagar Parikrama.
By 2022, how will Indian PSUs integrate innovation and research?
We will continue this effort.
During that period of slavery, keeping the dreams of the nation at heart; he dreamed about what an independent India will be like, and not just dreamed but also identified the primary need to fulfill those dreams.
They also noted the benefits from a number of people-centric development cooperation projects being carried out with India’s assistance in Sri Lanka.
India is a long-term collaborator and stake-holder of IVI.
“I would like to devote myself for the promotion of interaction between India and Japan,” Mr. Kadokawa said.
Due to lush green and open area in the city, more and more people from Delhi and surrounding area are preferring NOIDA as their settling place.
These projects are spread over several states including Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Assam, Sikkim, West Bengal, Bihar, Tamil Nadu and Jharkhand.
We both face instability in our shared neighbourhood that can threaten our security and slow down our economies.
Mr. Clegg was accompanied by UK Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change Ed Davey.
He made it clear that the Government would take strict action against irregularities in financial matters.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with the recipients of the Nari Shakti Puraskar.
Yet, our region is also navigating its way through multiple transitions to a stable, peaceful and prosperous future.
The total FDI inflows in the last two and a half years have touched US Dollars one hundred and thirty billion.
Manipur has a lot to offer on the tourism front: Forests and wildlife, blue hills, lush green valleys, picturesque tea gardens, and diverse culture.
He said that the area under pulses cultivation has increased substantially this year.
Since then, with the approval of the Cabinet, the MoU with the Institute has been renewed from time to time by signing Supplementary Addenda.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed a Students’ Convention on the occasion of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay Centenary Celebrations, and 125th Year of Swami Vivekananda’s Chicago Address, at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi.
The Prime Minister appreciated the role being played by Cuba to support the cause of the developing countries, including in international fora.
Praising the people for this request, Shri Modi said a nation where people place emphasis on education has a bright future.
Our strategic partnership is built on a foundation of mutual respect, trust and shared interests in regional security and development.
The violence and arson seen in the last two days is only causing loss to the poor, and to our nation’s property.
We can strengthen intelligence cooperation.
He said that because of poor time management, many good initiatives and schemes had failed to deliver the anticipated results.
Just a few weeks ago, we launched the India Post Payments Bank.
You are also familiar with our demography and our demand.
“70 years ago a tragic and deadly World War came to an end.
The delegation comprised of Shri Brahmvihari Swami, Sadhu Ishwarcharan Das, Sadhu Atmaswarup Das, Sadhu Gnanmuni Das and Shri Yeshwant Jethwas.
Name of the MoU/Agreement/Treaty
It will also play a pivotal role in overall manufacturing as the pillar of strength to the vision of ‘Make in India’.
The JDI was concluded on 30th May, 2017 in Germany during the fourth Inter-Governmental Consultations (IGC) between India and Germany between Prime Minister of India and the German Federal Chancellor in Berlin.
The requirement of road, rail and waterways is enormous.
With increase in foreign investment cap to 49%, there is further scope for foreign investments in Indian insurance sector particularly from USA based companies.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that democracy’s greatest strength is harmony and amity (मेल मिलाप).
Agreement/MOU/Treaty and Purpose of MoU
Asserting that India is today brimming with self-confidence, the Prime Minister mentioned developments such as the success of Navika Sagar Parikrama by six young women naval officers, and the achievements of young Indian sportspersons from humble backgrounds.
Approval was also given to provide Rs. 50 crore per annum for the next 5 years as the Government contribution for publicity / awareness creation related expenditure for PMJJBY and PMSBY.
“Deepest condolences on demise of veteran politician and former Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ratnasiri Wickremanayake”, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister remarked that India is characterised by large size and diversity; and, continues to face a number of socio-economic challenges.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief on the loss of lives of CRPF personnel in Bihar.
But if global warming melts the polar ice caps, new navigation routes may open and possibly reduce Singapore’s relevance.
“On his Jayanti, tributes to Guru Ravidas ji.
I will meet His Excellency, Prime Minister Najib tomorrow to take our relationship forward.
The proposed MoU would strengthen the relationship between India and Australia for building peace and stability in the region through exchange of information, expertise, experience and capacity building.
He said the entire world feels that a successful India is vital for a global balance.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, and Prime Minister of Canada, Mr. Stephen Harper, today visited the Gurudwara Khalsa Diwan in Vancouver.
A gas based ecosystem will create employment opportunities for the youth in the area.”
It is an honour to speak at the inaugural session of the 6th Ministerial Conference of the Heart of Asia- Istanbul Process on Afghanistan.
How can the democratic institutions at the village level, in every corner of India, be strengthened?
This will further foster India’s bilateral relations and economic ties with Sri Lanka, which is India’s important partner in SAARC and South Asia.
And, you are perhaps best placed to lead such efforts and make your contribution.
As part of an elaborate official welcome ceremony, Prime Minister of Israel Mr. Benjamin Netanyahu, received Prime Minister Modi on arrival.
The MoU has been signed between the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB), India and the National Centre for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), USA.
• The issues flagged are uploaded seven days prior to the PRAGATI day (i.e. on third Wednesday of every month).
Arrears on account of revised salaries, gratuity, pension and family pension w.e.f 01.01.2016 will be paid as one time lump sum payment.
They have a natural and deep understanding of the Oceans.
The World Bank has very recently projected our growth rate at 7.5% for this fiscal and even better in the coming years.
It will provide enabling environment for enhanced and seamless connectivity while providing commercial opportunities to the carriers of both the sides ensuring greater safety and security.
I also look to a future when your companies can easily raise funds in India for investments at home; and, when we have cross-border industrial corridors, so that we can take advantage of the natural synergies and connected lives in our Border States.
Gold Cards have also also been issued to the people in both UTs entitled for benefits under Ayushman bharat.
Urge the people of Mumbai and surrounding areas to stay safe and take all essential precautions in the wake of the heavy rain”, the Prime Minister said.
Dr. Merkel and Friends!
Shri Narendra Modi announced that a new institution would be created to replace the Planning Commission.
Broad Gauge Passenger Trains will now connect the States of Manipur and Mizoram.
For one, it is, perhaps, the first major initiative on a multilateral financial institution along with the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank in recent times.
More than 24000 lost their lives and nearly half of that went missing.
B. Introduction of welfare measures for seafarers, such as:-
Over the next 40 years, three billion Asians will lift themselves into a higher level of prosperity.
The MoU will facilitate workforce mobility, skill development and placement of youth in overseas jobs in Qatar.
Several journalists would have regularly interacted with Jagdishbhai over the years.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, on the occasion of the auspicious festival of Onam, has expressed solidarity with the people of Kerala.
CISF has distinguished itself by effectively catering to the security needs of vital establishments, many of which are driving India’s resurgence as well as connecting the nation”,the Prime Minister said.
It has been successful in opening up a direct channel of communication between people and the PM.
Union Minister for Union Minister of Rural Development, Panchayati Raj, Sanitation and Drinking Water, Chaudhary Birender Singh was present at the meeting.
The MoU will enhance bilateral cooperation between India and Brazil in the areas of Traditional Systems of Medicine.
His selfless service towards India, combined with his tireless energy has resulted in extraordinary economic, social and technological advances in the country.”
I believe that the Qingdao Summit will further enrich the SCO agenda, while heralding a new beginning for India’s engagement with the SCO.
Accordingly, both sides arrived at mutually agreed version of MoU for cooperation in the exploration and uses of outer space for peaceful purposes.
We covered all issues, including those that trouble smooth development of our relations.
Other distinguished dignitaries on the dais
He expressed satisfaction at the implementation of the decisions taken during these Summit meetings.
Provisions relating to anti-defection, constructive no confidence motion, establishment of ombudsman etc. will be inserted in “the Daman and Diu Municipalities Regulation, 1968”, “the Dadra and Nagar Haveli Municipal Council Regulation, 2004” and “the Andaman and Nicobar Islands (Municipal) Regulation, 1994, respectively.
Recalling the `Make in India` launch in September, the Prime Minister said that in the last three months the government machinery has geared up, and is now ready to change rules and laws, and speed up processes.
The two Prime Ministers welcomed the launch of cooperation in the field of healthcare.
I express my gratitude to Prime Minister Rutte for this decision.
Each Party will bear its own costs arising from implementation of this agreement.
And that secret ingredient, apart from the government, money, planning and focussed work is manifest in the form of those artisans, labourers, artists and architects who came from every corner of the country.
He said that these are not only helping patients, but also those who want to study medicine.
The identified areas of cooperation include high-speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world-class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure, etc.
We deeply appreciate Brazil’s support for India’s actions in combating terrorism.
This is the largest ever Aero India.
He said that the DeendayalHastkalaSankul, is now fulfilling its ultimate objective.
The Prime Minister said that India is fully committed to support the Government and the people of Nepal in the post-earthquake reconstruction efforts.
The leaders noted the historic significance of participation of India’s External Affairs Minister as Guest of Honour in the 46th Council of the Foreign Ministers of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) in Abu Dhabi yesterday.
Shri Modi said that the young athletes should inspire youngsters in their schools and villages to take up sports.
Hybrid Annuity based Public Private Partnership model for project implementation is currently being considered by the Cabinet.
Ratification of the Kyoto Protocol by India will encourage other developing countries also to undertake this exercise.
He also mentioned Pullela Gopichand, who is mentoring and coaching many different players, after an immensely successful career as a player.
I met a number of ASEAN leaders in the last Summit too.
That is, if your heart is pure, then the Absolute master resides within your heart.
Your government also attaches high importance to dealing with neighbouring countries.
Ms. Rakiya Edderham noted the significant progress in bilateral cooperation in past years, particularly in the areas of legal assistance, cyber security and space.
India has also agreed to concessional credit to supply a passenger ferry to help Guyana overcome transportation problems in the northern region.
One of NITI’s functions is:
ii) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control;
Here are those Sarpanch sisters who had made it possible in their villages.
BRICS Women Parliamentarians’ Forum 11.
(i). Transfer of 14.86 hectares of land from Farakka Barrage Project (FBP), Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation (MoWR, RD & GR) to Ministry of Shipping for construction of the new navigational lock at Farakka.
We will also establish an India-Mongolia Joint School.
So from this Pune soil I want to appeal everyone that be a law respecting and following person.
Upto a billion units of hydropower are also expected to be generated annually.
At our land, there has been tradition to sacrifice own life for the sake of trees, people perform prayer prior to break even a single branch from a tree.
Rajat Agarwal has told us something good.
The Prime Minister focused especially on vital road and rail links in the state of Odisha, in view of the upcoming Nabakalebara festival there.
He emphasized in particular, the need to develop the eastern part of India, including the states of Assam, West Bengal, Odisha, Bihar, and Eastern Uttar Pradesh.
Take the examples of Khadi and handloom.
If we talk about the three years of this government, then more than 22,000 megawatt renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
As per the 71st NSSO Survey on Education 2014, only 6% of rural households have a computer.
This will ensure that all teachers, in position as on 31st March, 2015, acquire the minimum qualifications prescribed by the academic authority to extend the period for such training for four years up to 31st March, 2019.
He said that by 2022, when we mark 75 years of freedom, he dreams that we live in an India in which our petrol imports reduce.
Further the practice of manual scavenging is still prevalent in the country and its eradication continues to be an area of the highest priority for the Government.
Our commitment to peace is just as strong as our commitment to protect our people and our territory.
With a focus on skill development, I will visit ITE.
Our films, TV serials and dances are very popular.
In this context, I would like to specially congratulate Coal India.
The Prime Minister also interacted with the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana: Ayushman Bharat.
However, it has been felt that Clause 6 of the Assam Accord has not been fully implemented even almost 35 years after the Accord was signed.
If you are capable of doing this I am sure your village will become a vital one.
31. The Prime Ministers noted progress in negotiations on the Social Security Agreement and called for early conclusion.
The MoU provides for cooperation in the following fields of agriculture and Fisheries:
I would like to tell you about some of these people.
You may be aware that our economic growth had slowed down during the last few years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for the negotiating position for the 20th Conference of Parties (COP-20) on climate change scheduled to be held from 1 to 12 December, 2014 at Lima, Peru.
1. The NNM, as an apex body, will monitor, supervise, fix targets and guide the nutrition related interventions across the Ministries.
The Prime Minister said pipelines would be built to help transport oil to Nepal.
The Ring Road will provide easier and more convenient access to Sarnath, an important site for Buddhist pilgrimage.
We are particularly keen to develop the sectors where Germany is strong.
The bilateral MoU will encourage cooperation between the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare of India and the Ministry of Health and HIV/AIDS of the Papua New Guinea through joint initiatives in the health sector.
They are also active participants in the prosperity and progress of their host countries.
To me, more than anything else, they reflect the richness of our relationship.
But when there is tension, your knowledge, your wisdom, your information – all these buckle under and the tension rides over you.
It reflects the shared global desire for balance between human and Mother Nature; and, peace and harmony between people and nations.
He also reviewed ongoing projects undertaken by NDMA.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Dr. Murli Manohar Joshi on his birthday.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare.
If they are talking to any friend of theirs, please don’t stop them.
They also appreciated the long-standing relations and continuing interactions between their nuclear regulatory authorities – India’s Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) and France’s Autorité de sûretéNucléaire (ASN) – which have facilitated sharing of valuable experiences, best practices and developments related to nuclear safety and regulatory issues.
There was not a single trace of desire, to get something, to become somebody even after living such a great life of ‘Tapasaya’.
An eight-member bipartisan US Congress delegation led by Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
I am also thankful to the President for Switzerland’s understanding and support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Civil Appeal No.9093/2013 was filed by Dr. Subramanian Swamy pleading for directions to the Election Commission to use VVPAT Units in all polling booths.
The Prime Minister and Mr. Sarkozy condemned the recent terrorist attacks in Paris, Pathankot, Brussels and other parts of the world, and called for concrete action by the global community against the threat of terrorism.
The convergence of technology, integration across diverse fields, distributed architecture and people willing to back an idea, have opened a new world for enterprise.
India is Kenya’s sixth largest trading partner and the largest exporter to Kenya.
Brother and Sisters, we are living in 21st century.
The Prime Minister mentioned several occasions in the recent past, when people from various walks of life had come forward to help the poor.
To create employment and self-employment opportunities in the country, we have launched the Skill India Mission and other innovative missions.
It is an enterprise for India’s transformation on a scale that is, perhaps, unmatched in human history.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is working with a holistic approach to improve the health sector in the country.
He loved students and spent his final moments among them”, the Prime Minister said.
In the last four years, we have laid emphasis on empowerment of poor people.
He said the Nepal Government is hopeful of India`s assistance for the country`s development.
Each sales contract entered into by the exporting company with Indian importer shall be registered with TMO through the online system referred.
He also gave the example of the soon-to-be-launched MUDRA initiative in this regard.
All three are developing nations with pluralistic, multi-cultural, multi-ethnic, multi-lingual and multi-religious societies.
Bharat Interface for Money i.e. the BHIM app that was launched last year was a tribute to Babasaheb’s financial vision by this government.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of South Africa, on their Freedom Day.
The Prime Minister emphasized that if India has to be developed, its states have to be developed.
Millions of people take a dip in the holy rivers on theoccasion of MakarSankranti.
It is an example of how simple reforms can be very effective.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the area of Mirzapur holds immense potential.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andhra Pradesh tomorrow (October 22nd, 2015).
For me, it’s heartwarming that the captain of the Indian Cricket team Virat Kohli ji has included me in his challenge… and I too have accepted his challenge.
Whoever you are it is all because of your parents.
These advanced fuels can be produced from various kind of wastes such as crop residues, Municipal solid waste, Industrial waste, waste gases, Food waste, plastic etc.
Indian astronomers were appointed on the official boards set up to prepare calendars.
In response to a question on how he foresees India and China relations developing, Prime Minister explained that our relations go beyond plain arithmetic.
India has kept the dream of 175 GW of renewable energy.
The meeting ended with a resolve on the part of the Centre and State to work together.
When it came to music, Shri M S Viswanathan was always ahead of his time.
Each bell has one verse etched on it.
On Ease of Doing Business, the Prime Minister said his eighth announcement is related to pharma companies.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Vietnam on Cooperation in the field of IT.
I can take the analogy of a house.
These initiatives are directed at improving quality of life in cities and villages.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Australia on Cooperation in Combating International Terrorism and Transnational Organized Crime.
We are also working together on the reforms of the UN Security Council.
Even if five companies shut shop in India, there is huge public outcry.
The other existing schemes of Department of Food and Public Distribution (DFPD) for procurement of paddy, wheat and nutri-cereals/coarse grains and of Ministry of Textile for cotton and jute will be continued for providing MSP to farmers for these crops.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the untimely & unfortunate demise of legendary hockey player Mohammed Shahid.
The MoU envisages to establish a Joint Working Committee to review, monitor and discuss matters relation to areas of cooperation.
The Prime Minister defined various attributes of Suraj, such as Sensitivity, Responsibility, Accountability, Transparency, Efficiency and Good Governance.
1. Marine Industrial Fishing, Aqua-culture and Research & Training in the field of Fisheries, 2.
We want our 1.25 billion citizens to be digitally connected.
Human conflicts repulsed him.
During the visit, which lasted four hours, Prime Minister was also shown some of DAE`s most advanced facilities at BARC, including the Dhruva Research Reactor.
He said these would ensure that tourism and investment would come to the state.
With election results being due, with the distinct possibility of a new responsibility as a Chief Minister, and yet if one of my colleagues, in the capacity of a Sports Minister, displays such concern for his work, then it gives me great joy.
I think we should propagate this wisdom.
4. Mechanism for facilitating religious tourism.
It will also generate employment opportunities for the people of India and Bangladesh.
He said the museum inaugurated today is a great attempt to bring the past back to life.
I am happy to note that China has taken forward the people-to-people thrust of our exchanges from last year.
The amendments are also proposed in section-9 to protect children from sexual offences in times of natural calamities and disasters and in cases where children are administered, in any way, any hormone or any chemical substance, to attains early sexual maturity for the purpose of penetrative sexual assault.
He said that in future, when they serve in the field, this should be their “purpose of life.”
About 15% of India’s population lives in coastal districts.
We deeply value our security cooperation with Sri Lanka.
Inaugurates Garuda Terminal at Tirupati Airport.
Shri Narendra Modi said Shri Eknath Ranade should inspire us to create an India that is both bhavya (prosperous) and divya (spiritual).
I am hopeful that this decision will help a lot in making our SSIs globally competitive.
It is in the synergy across all three lies India’s Opportunity for the 21st Century.
The Biennial Work Plan will be drawn up by mutual agreement between the two parties to give effect to the objectives of the agreement.
The Prime Minister said that the relationship between India and Uganda is centuries old.
The outlay of Rs 360 crore has been proposed to support 3-4 new MLFACs, for the three years.
Democracy and Buddhism bind India with Mongolia – our spiritual friend.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
We have speeded up policy formulation in this sector.
5. The leaders appreciated the deepening interactions in the maritime domain for enhanced cooperation in the Indian Ocean Region.
Apart from this through routing flexibility any intermediate and beyond point can also be served by the designated carriers of both sides.
The Convention came into force on 3rd December, 1986.
He recalled that in May 2017, he had also dedicated the country’s longest road bridge, the Bhupen Hazarika Bridge at Sadia in Assam, to the nation.
The two sides discussed ways to cooperate in the field of energy efficiency between the two countries.
He described it as a domain where “we have pushed beyond mediocrity to achieve excellence.”
The empathy within you will begin to appear.
These partnerships can help us reach new heights in our trade and commercial partnership.
The ‘Make in India’ initiative is designed to help achieve this.
The UK and India committed to work closely together towards this end.
The bombings remind us of the horrors of war and their effect on humanity.
Play well @Ashwinravi99!
Kalamji saw poetry in a tree, and energy that could be harnessed in water, wind and sun.
Shi Yigong, Assistant President of Tsinghua University,
He also complimented the contributions of the trust in empowering the society through education and in transforming thoughts through spiritual teachings.
Our growth rate was 7.3% in the last year.
He said this was a shining example of our spirit of unity and national integration.
Prime Minister also indicated that he would like his office to consider issues, especially those raised by the States on priority and with sensitivity.
We contribute stability and growth in a world drifting towards uncertainty.
Hundreds years back, our history has such example that our saints had started people’s movement to bring reforms against evils in the society.
Once you do that, even if you achieve less than what you had expected, you will not be disappointed.
This includes India’s forthcoming rollout of vaccines that will protect children against causes of the biggest childhood killers, pneumonia and diarrhoea, as well as others such as measles-rubella and cervical cancer vaccines.
More than 16000 schools are participating in various competitions organised by CBSE on themes related to India-Africa cooperation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for signing of an agreement on the abolition of visa requirement for holders of diplomatic passports between India and Spain.
I asked people who were planning to go travelling that where-ever they visit ‘Incredible India’, they must send photographs of those places.
But Cleanliness is an exception as the media has welcomed and adored it and they are working one step ahead of Government in this area.
It also appreciated India’s assistance for facilitating post graduation and doctoral education in agricultural sciences for candidates from Myanmar.
What role do you see universal access and the internet playing within Digital India?
The Prime Minister called upon other States to also pitch in with relief assistance in whatever way they could.
We have risen from tragic conflicts and the long shadow of colonialism.
He said a similar effort now has to be made for handloom products.
PM will be travelling to Kerala soon and has directed that no protocol formalities be observed on his arrival in Kerala and focus remains on relief and rescue operations.
Noting that significant resources are now available to several mineral bearing districts, he urged officials, both at the Centre and State level, to ensure that the funds are utilized to bring about a qualitative improvement in the quality of life, and “ease of living” of people in these districts.
The State is promoting fishery in the water bodies.
Some people give more importance to the caste in which they have taken birth than the land on which they have taken birth.
And hence, they face unclean surroundings as a major challenge.
As there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates.
Grossly Polluting Industries located along Ganga have been directed to reduce the effluent quality & volume or implement zero-liquid discharge.
People wanted honesty, not dynasty.
Because of their massive coverage the premia are low.
DBT will ensure transparency in the entire process and will save time for the farmers.
India is endowed with large hydropower potential of 1,45,320 MW of which only about 45,400 MW has been utilized so far.
We will remain active participants in the ASEAN-led security dialogue and cooperation forums.
The address was preceded by presentations made by the Officer Trainees on essays written by them on the subject “Why I joined the Civil Services”; and on themes such as housing, education, integrated transport systems, malnutrition, solid waste management, skill development, digital transactions, Ek Bharat – Shreshtha Bharat, and New India – 2022.
“Extremely pained by the derailment of the Utkal Express in Muzaffarnagar.
The two Prime Ministers welcomed the development of Technical Assistance partnership between the UK Department of International Development and the Indian Ministry of Urban Development for national and state-led support for the development of smart and sustainable cities that are drivers of inclusive growth and job creation.
The delegation members said they were happy at meeting the Prime Minister, and expressed their wholehearted support to the Prime Minister for the Naga peace process.
Several Union Ministers including Rajnath Singh, Arun Jaitley, Nirmala Sitharaman, Nitin Gadkari, Suresh Prabhu, Smriti Irani, Ravi Shankar Prasad, Dr Harsh Vardhan, V K Singh, Dharmendra Pradhan will attend the summit and chair individual sessions to attract investment for the state.
It will also give India the capacity to do more for our world.
During the 12th Five Year Plan, Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) has targeted 30,000 MW from various renewable energy projects out of which IREDA aims to finance projects of an aggregate capacity of 4800 MW.
Annual Defence Policy Talks c.
Shri Narendra Modi also inaugurated a Steel Processing Unit of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), at Kandrori, Kangra.
The scheme has been announced in the Budget Speech 2018-19.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
Our farmers in Meghalaya, in the year 2015-16, achieved record production as compared to the last five years.
Several big companies today are startups of yesterday.”
The BUR contains five major components — National Circumstances; National Greenhouse Gas Inventory; Mitigation Actions; Finance, Technology and Capacity Building Needs and Support Received and Domestic Monitoring, Reporting and Verification (MRV) arrangements.
Today, she presented one Pashmina shawl to the Prime Minister, during the interaction.
These provisions, will enable taking up of activities like documentation, dissemination and would serve the objective of innovation.
It is about ensuring that every Rupee spent on health is well spent; that every citizen has access to proper healthcare.
We in government, must constantly ask the question: How much money am I spending, and what outcomes am I getting in return?
He said investment by British companies in India would be a win-win partnership for both countries.
We need not worry about keeping an account; the account will be maintained automatically.
Over two days on 7th and 8th July, I look forward to engaging leaders from other G-20 countries on the vital issues affecting our world today that have a bearing on economic growth, sustainable development, and peace and stability.
“Attack on CRPF personnel in Pulwama is despicable.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his nineteenth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
We intend to enhance and actively promote greater cooperation between our regions and states, with a particular emphasis on the Far East region of Russia.
You may well imagine the missionary spirit of this retired teacher living on pension and donating an amount of fifty thousand rupees for the sake of provision of gas connection to the other poor mothers and sisters, in order to save them from the ill effects of Chulha smoke.
The Prime Minister said that basic facilities such as roads, electricity and water, are being extended to the rural areas surrounding Varanasi as well.
Since the time of last Cadre review, telecom service provision functions have been hived off from DoT, but newer functions related to telecom licensing, monitoring, enforcement of license conditions, network security, interoperability, standardization, lawful interception and universal service obligation etc. have been added.
The Prime Minister also spoke at length about Shri Bahuguna’s contributions in the education sector, and development in the hilly areas of the country.
The Chief Minister apprised the Prime Minister about the progress of the Jal Yukt Shivar Abhiyan for water conservation and storage.
Condolences to families of the deceased.
It is an overnight train and will provide direct connectivity between Mumbai and Bhusawal.
We need science and technology to help us make India clean, green and prosperous.
PM in Assam
Can Artificial Intelligence help us detect serious health conditions before they manifest physically?
· The Central Board for Skills Certification to be set up by September 2016 to infuse quality into India’s skill development ecosystem.
6. Advanced IT tools will be used for close and effective monitoring.
This India stands for development.
He added that while India is a supporter of peace, India will not hesitate to take any steps required for national security.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Women and Child Development; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Minority Affairs.
Prime Minister also expressed happiness in the enhanced cooperation between India and Italy in the field of Life Style Accessories Design (LAD).
We are proud of their impeccable service to the nation”, the Prime Minister said.
My dear countrymen, India has always advanced on the path of progress in the spirit of Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas… inclusive development for all.
This period is very significant as a large number of casualities took place during the Kargil conflict (“Operation Vijay”) and in counter insurgency operation in J&K and North East during the period.
Free emergency ambulance service.
Infrastructure development a priority of Government, says PM
Cabinet apprised of constitution of Committee under Chairpersonship of PM and activities to mark 125th Birth Anniversary year of Dr. B. R. Ambedkar
I look forward to seeking a global environment that supports our aspirations for economic development and a peaceful world.
Sir, I want to know how we can check such unfortunate events and incidents from taking place”.
He said that while the Government can only play the role of an enabler, it is the youth, who are not only making use of available opportunities, but also creating new ones themselves.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condoled the loss of lives due to the stampede in Saudi Arabia.
He said India now had a decisive Government with full majority, and several sectors including insurance, railways, defence manufacturing have been opened up for foreign investment.
As existing terrorism threats grow and new ones emerge, we have resolved to further deepen cooperation on counter terrorism and radicalism.
The continent is more settled and stable.
This we have to do physically.
But, we achieved something else that is equally important.
People spoke about their determination, their happiness and their achievements.
His Excellency, the First Deputy Prime Minister of Poland;
My Dear Friends.
Speaking about the cleanup of ghost beneficiaries, PM said that earlier the development existed only on paper.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has called for making Yoga a mass movement, connecting people and strengthening the bonds of humanity.
The Framework will be implemented in accordance with the Action Plan below:
Creation of regular posts in the AFHQ Civil Service will alleviate stagnation the cadre.
In his opening remarks on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that there is a special significance of interacting with school children on the eve of Teachers’ Day.
He regretted that she could not enter her village for many years after independence.
He will unveil a plaque to mark the dedication to the nation of the 9.5 km Link Road on NH 87, which runs between Mukundarayar Chathiram and Arichalmunai.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), which has been signed in October, 2015, between Indian and Germany, to expand bilateral development cooperation in the field of Solar Energy by increasing use of solar energy in India through technical as well as financial cooperation.
(ii). Assistance in development of human resources and setting up of health care facilities;
The Prime Minister met the President of Guyana, Mr. David Granger.
Many of us may not know that Babasaheb created two powerful institutions related to water, navigation and power.
Addressing a farmer’s rally at Baramati in Maharashtra, the Prime Minister said that water storage capacities across the country will be enhanced through the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana.
You all know that the tradition of ‘Deeksha’ after ‘Shiksha’ is very old and at first it was mentioned in the ‘Taitrik Upanishad’ where the first occasion of the convocation had been outlined.
Reverence for nature is part of our shared heritage.
I once again thank you Excellency Putin for joining me in this dedication.
The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, the National Company Law Tribunal, a new arbitration framework and a new IPR regime are all in place.
There is momentum in the villages.
A few days later NHRC would complete 25 years of its existence.The NHRC has not only protected human rights but has also promoted respect for human dignity over the years.
The GSLV Programme – Phase 4 will enable the launch of 2 tonne class of satellites for Geo-imaging, Navigation, Data Relay Communication and Space Sciences.
He said this issue would be resolved across urban India through the IPDS.
France is one of our most important Strategic Partners.
But, we will also combat terrorism by the strength of our values and our commitment to humanism.
Issues related to climate change, environment and clean energy came up for discussion.
The winners of Rashtriya e-Panchayat Puraskar, and Gram Panchayat Vikas Puraskar Yojana under Sarvasreshtha Panchayat Puraskar Yojana will be felicitated on this occasion.
He said that for this purpose the cost will include elements such as labour, rent for machinery, cost of seeds and fertilizers, revenue being given to State Government, interest on working capital, and rent of leased land.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has wished the very best to the athletes representing India at the Rio 2016 Paralympics, starting from 7th September.
I feel that this India-Africa Forum Summit is very important from many points of view.
I will have the honour of meeting Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace at a lunch hosted by her.
One can imagine one’s agonizing mental state if her world gets shattered at such a early age!
First list of Scheduled Castes in relation to a State or Union Territory is to be issued by a notified Order of the President after having consultation with the State Government concerned.
Debt of DISCOMs is de facto borrowing of States which is not counted in de jure borrowing.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Centenary Celebrations of Bharat Sevashram Sangha through video conference.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar!
This is where we are working to empower.
And, today, President and I reviewed all aspects and full range of our relationship.
Similarly, through amendments to CAMPA Act, we are attempting to free up about 40,000 crore rupees lying idle in banks, for disbursal to States.
He added that India is working towards the goals of the Paris Agreement through an action plan.
Utilization of these amounts will facilitate timely execution of appropriate measures to mitigate impact of diversion of forest land, for which these amounts have been realised.
I am delighted to address the International Workshop on Rule of Law and Sustainable Development.
It is a very interesting suggestion.
We must promote greater collaboration in trade, tourism and investment; infrastructure development; marine science and technology; sustainable fisheries; protection of marine environment; and, overall development of Ocean or Blue Economy.
The Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir, Shri Mufti Mohammed Sayeed, Union Minister Shri Nitin Gadkari, and Union MoS Dr. Jitendra Singh were present on the occasion.
The Planning Commission was set up on the 15th of March, 1950 through a Cabinet Resolution.
The resulting higher demand for products offers a huge domestic market.
Prime Minister, while addressing the PMMY beneficiaries, said that the scheme has transformed the lives of the poor.
The MoU provides, inter alia, for:-
(g) co-operate with other societies, institutions and organisations, national or international for promoting alternative dispute resolution.
The Swachh Bharat Awards were also distributed on this occasion.
India’s commercial transport sector has become skewed.
iii. To enable these institutions to grant degrees to their students in the academic courses conducted by them.
Earlier, budgeted scheme funds were generally not approved by Parliament till May, after which they would be communicated to states and ministries.
An affordable social security system including pension, life insurance and accident insurance, has already witnessed 6.75 crore enrolments in its first week.
The clarity on jurisdictional issues for trying cases of cheque bouncing would increase the credibility of the cheque as a financial instrument.
Tribal communities make their dwelling units from natural material which are strong as well as eco-friendly.
Yoga is gaining popularity.
His determination & dedication towards sports continues to inspire.
And, Guru Nanak Devji’s prayer that Lord, may everyone in the world prosper and be in peace.
We are reviving a region, restoring hope, renewing life and redefining Afghanistan’s future.
This includes 35 international students from 21 foreign countries.
The signing of MoC will enable cooperation in the following areas:
• The budget session was convened was convened about a month ago.
The wage calculation ceiling prescribed for payment of PLB is Rs. 7,000/- p.m.
He will pay respects to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar at Chaitya Bhoomi, and unveil a plaque to mark the laying of the Foundation Stone of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Memorial at the Indu Mills Compound.
Affordable medicines are now available at ‘Amrit Stores’ at Pradhan Mantri Bharatiya Jan Aushadhi Centres & at hospitals.
The Minister for Communication and IT, Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad, was present on the occasion.
The rest of the denominations would be of round shape.
Jamsetji Tata was a true visionary, who not only foresaw India’s future, but also duly laid strong foundations.
With the formation of JAXA in 2003, an “arrangement concerning the considerations of potential future cooperation in the field of outer space” was signed in October 2005 between ISRO/ Department of Space (DOS) and JAXA.
We have taken a step forward and revised the Foreign Direct Investment cap of 26 percent to 49 percent through the automatic route, and even up to 100 percent on a case-to-case basis.
States have competed vigorously in the race to become Open Defecation Free, and India is now close to achieving 100 percent rural sanitation coverage.
May the coming year fulfil all your wishes and may there be happiness all around.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of regular monitoring of the progress towards implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana.
I also look forward to my interaction with the scientists associated with LIGO project.
Prime Minister Trudeau accepted Prime Minister Modi’s invitation to visit India.
Let us create such an atmosphere in the nation.
Whether, to serve the country, is it necessary for the youth of the country to be hanged like Bhagat Singh?
Private investment was emphasized as vital for realizing the vision of 175 GW, with a parallel example being given of how Israel had solved its water shortage using private investment.
People of India and even those in other countries are familiar with every product of AMUL.
Government has allocated enough funds over the last four and a half years for the development of Tripura.
Giving examples such as Financial Inclusion (Jan Dhan Yojana) and Universal Immunization (Mission Indradhanush), the Prime Minister said the some of the best results in the last three years had been achieved when the entire Government machinery worked in unison, as a team.
But, that alone is not enough.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
· India’s investment opportunities would get a boost.
It has also provided three months additional time for the completion of infrastructure projects.
1. Planning and implementation of joint space projects of mutual benefit and interest;
The MoU will also provide for exchange of visits and dialogue for knowledge and experience sharing.
We wish you every success in your efforts.
Skill development is the need of the hour.
The FDI inflows of 55.6 billion US dollars for the year ending March, 2016 were an all-time high.
It will develop a Go-To-Market Guide to support start-ups.
More than twenty three crore LPG consumers have joined the Pahal Scheme.
Maneka Gandhi, Minister for Women and Child Development, was present on the occasion.
PM said, “My condolences to all those who lost their loved ones due to an accident near Ranghola in Gujarat.
This is the power of the nation.
He said transparency in training and selection of athletes is reflecting in better performances by India in international sporting competitions.
The Prime Minster said, “We have passed a historic bill to provide 10% reservation to Economically Weaker Sections of the General Category in Lok Sabha yesterday.
We have decided the MSP for pulses and declared a bonus on it.
India is a youthful nation, and hence, we must harness our demographic dividend, he added.
This interaction was part of the National Conference of Chief Secretaries on the theme of “States as Drivers for Transforming India.”
In order to increase awareness about Beti Bachao Beti Padhao, street plays are also being organized in Pithoragarh.
Government has already increased the budget by four-fold but still may not be enough to the requirements.
This will enable the imbibing of good governance and best practices in the region.
Her demise has left a huge void in Indian politics.
At the bilateral level, we have agreed to make our relations deeper through the Ministerial level Joint Commission Meeting.
We consider Algeria a valued friend with whom we have strong ties.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said that Yoga has become one of the most powerful ‘Unifying Forces’ in the world.
This decision is expected to stimulate investment as well as higher domestic oil and gas production.
The replica of these plates was made possible with the cooperation of the Paradesi Synagogue in Mattancherry, Kochi.
From Itanagar, PM will return to Guwahati .
It was my privilege and good fortune that I had the opportunity of going to Chandrasekhar Azad’s native village of Alirajpur in Madhya Pradesh.
• Holding consultations and taking steps towards improving the effectiveness of transnational cybercrime cooperation;
In addition, the role of ITS officers in revival of BSNL & MTNL has also been kept in view.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the skills, strengths and fortitude of the girl child on National Girl Child Day.
Exchanged on Indian side by
I am delighted to return here after ten years.
Interacting with beneficiaries and store owners from over 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that in order to ensure the availability of high quality medicines at lower prices, Government had taken two major steps.
Prime Minister will then proceed to Odisha.
Therefore this government is trying to develop those places that are associated with the life of Babasaheb as pilgrimage centres.
The Prime Minister emphasized the need for improving efficiency, and fixing accountability at all levels to bring about a visible change in the situation at the earliest.
·The historic 6th BRICS Summit in Fortaleza delivered- the New Development Bank and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement.
It is for this reason that development experts have been advocating financial inclusion.
The PPP model of development has been quite successful in this sector and has helped in bringing latest technology and best practices.
With more than 14,000 kilometers of navigable inland waterways in the country, there is tremendous potential for development in this sector.
Proud of the Indian Air Force”, the Prime Minister said.
We continue to remain one of the fastest growing economies in the world,”
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has congratulated Ms. Sania Mirza and Ms. Martina Hingis on their victory at the US Open Women’s Doubles finals.
He did notable work to popularise football in India.
All 45 km of Phase I of Chennai Metro becomes operational
This also supports our Make in India policy.
Honey is nature’s gift to mankind.
This time, I will be privileged to pay respect at the revered Sri Dalada Maligawa in Kandy, also known as the Temple of the Sacred Tooth Relic.
Making a strong pitch for increased investment in various sectors in India, the Prime Minister outlined his vision for “Start-Up India, Stand-Up India.”
My effort is to take the banking system to normalcy as fast as possible in the new year.
UK is one of the fastest growing G-7 economies and is home to a strong financial services sector.
The Prime Minister said, “Anguished by the passing away of Lok Sabha MP from Aska, Odisha, Shri Ladu Kishore Swain Ji.
Students sought the Prime Minister’s advice on subject and career choices.
There are no arms.
PM to attend the New India Youth conclave in Surat
The two sides also welcomed the gift of a Shirodara Yantra machine from the Government of India to Malaysia;
Thus, we must all unite:
We can compare notes on our shared colonial history.
I wish you good health, well-being and success in the days ahead.”
We were also one in agreeing that BRICS need to work together and act decisively to combat this threat.
Accept things as they are.
Similarly, the nodal agency of the UAE side will be the Directorate General of Criminal Security, Ministry of Interior and the State Security Department with regards to matters pertaining to State security, terrorism and crimes related to unconventional weapons.
Whether it can be done in our country?
It should also provide for enhanced technological, financial and capacity building support to the developing and Small Island Developing countries to enable them to take even more ambitious climate action.
The two leaders, while noting the resilience of the relations between India and the Maldives, expressed confidence in the renewal of the close bonds of cooperation and friendship with the election of Mr Solih as the President of the Maldives.
Oil exploration, defence cooperation, and UN reform were among the areas were discussed at the meeting.
Implementation strategy
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today had a telephonic conversation with His Royal Highness Crown Prince Salman, of Saudi Arabia.
In this moment of grief and challenge, we stand in solidarity with the people of Russia.
Further, on line VVIP letter Monitoring System (VLMS), Meeting Management System and Dash Board System have been introduced, which increased the efficiency of the system and decreased the time consumed in the process considerably.
• The Mission will coordinate with key stakeholders in Ministries/ Departments and the states to integrate various initiatives to transform mobility in India.
During the entire period of last year this figure was Rs. 29000 crore.
Standing Together Against Terrorism and Violent Extremism
Let me end with it:
I will gifting medicines for the India-Tajikistan Friendship Hospital.
§ A special focus of the revamped structure would be to maintain required ecological flows in the river Ganga with the aim of ensuring water quality and environmentally sustainable development.
He said there should be debate in Parliament on all issues, but there should not be any disruption.
My deepest condolences.
We will continue our development partnership.
Children of 0-6 years age, pregnant women and Lactating Mothers being the ultimate beneficiaries.
Among the views expressed at the roundtable, was a clear assertion that India has the makings of becoming the “clean energy world capital.”
An Agreement for visa free travel for diplomatic passport holders of the two countries was exchanged in the presence of the two leaders.
• We have removed lot of regressive taxation regimes.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of Kendriya Vidyalaya in Odisha’s Sonepur at an estimated cost of Rs.15.81 crore.
Both sides reviewed progress in the implementation of the Chahbahar Port Project.
Hence, Metro Rail System has become essential.
Main objectives of the MoU are:
These cultural bonds reflect themselves in many ways.
We also agreed that those who nurture, shelter, support and sponsor such forces of violence and terror are as much a threat to us as the terrorists themselves.
G20 efforts must be aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals, adopted this year, particularly with the number one goal of elimination of all poverty by 2030.
It will be broadcast directly by Krishi Vigyan Kendra’s, Common Service Centers (CSC), Doordarshan, DD Kissan and Aakashvaani from all over the country.
We have agreed to set up a Joint Working Group on Skill Development.
There are millions of families who have mobile phones but no bank accounts.
The export credit will be utilized through lending by EXIM Bank for promoting projects for priority sectors, including smart cities, railways, power generation and transmission etc., in India and for the supply of goods and services from India and Korea as part of projects in third countries.
Now, many youngsters, small groups, people from the corporate world, schools and some NGOs are jointly going to organize ‘Joy of Giving Week’ from 2nd October to 8th October.
The MoU provides for promoting mutual interaction among judges and officials at various levels of the judiciary through exchange visits, training and academic programmes.
He asked the youth to connect with the vision of New India.
It also faces challenges like water pollution and increased demand for natural resources.
the promotion of efficient, economic, and secure operation of power system needed through the development of regional electricity networks;
Over the last few years, there has been a significant intensification of our engagement in various fields with African countries and there have been as many as 23 outgoing visits to Africa at the level of President, Vice President and Prime Minister in the last four years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes those who fought courageously in the 1971 war on Vijay Diwas.
Accession to such treaty will provide actionable alternatives against such prevailing practices that are affecting public health at large.
Expressing delight at interacting with Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana beneficiaries, Prime Minister said that such interactions help in understanding various aspects of the scheme, including areas that needs to be improved.
The Fund can be of great assistance in this.
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by the floods.
The primary goal of joining AMF TCP by Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas (MoP&NG) is to facilitate the market introduction of Advanced motor fuels/ Alternate fuels with an aim to bring down emissions and achieve higher fuel efficiency in transport sector.
I will also visit the famous Dhakeshwari Temple in Dhaka.
i. Amendment of clause 2 (e) of the Bill to make the list of environmental services inclusive and to delete some of environmental services for which credible model to assess their monetary value does not exist.
Exchanges on counter-radicalisation d.
We are to increase this pace even further.
The ambit of the Policy includes creation of new assets as well as utilization of currently unutilised existing assets such as vacant berths.
This cover will take care of almost all secondary care and most of tertiary care procedures.
In CoP-21, by 2030 the temperature of the world is to be reduced by 2 degrees.
This is the spirit of brotherhood between us.
This is what makes our enduring ties relevant to our present, as also to our future.
Minister for Commerce & Industry, Government of India;
Paying his respect to all women on International Women’s Day, Prime Minister said that women have an important role in creating New India.
The program will be implemented by the Ministry of Earth Sciences with the participation from various national institutes and research laboratories/ organisations.
5. Practical applications of space technology including geospatial tools and techniques; and
I look forward to seeing you in person soon.
10. Cooperation in agricultural and food trade;
· Companies have mobilized more than 25000 crore rupees in the first six months of this year through the IPOs.
But the intention is what should we do when the society, the nation, the world is facing crisis?
He also called for aggressive tree plantation along all highway projects.
During the visit, Prime Minister Rasmussen will inaugurate the Danish Cultural Institute and the new building of Danish Embassy in New Delhi on 19 January 2019.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that India is home to a unique heritage, where the overriding thought has always been the benefit of mankind.
We have already undertaken some important steps.
The MoU has been signed on 26 March, 2019 during the visit of President of India to Croatia.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, inaugurated Dharohar Bhawan – the new Headquarters building of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), – at Tilak Marg in New Delhi today.
The Prime Minister will launch Tuberculosis Free India Campaign on this occasion.
Student organisations, while campaigning for university elections should give more importance to cleanliness, the Prime Minister said.
“Had a very fruitful meeting with Sheryl Sandberg.
He hoped that DAE would soon implement the planned projects in Chandigarh and Vishakapatnam and would take one of the most advanced standards of cancer treatment in Asia to other parts of India.
This is possible only if the second navigational lock is in position at Farakka.
It will be effective prospectively.
Sharing the view of Prime Minister Abe, Prime Minister Modi stressed the need to recognise the power of women and their important role in nation-building and the development journey of a country.
In his initial remarks, the Prime Minister quoted a story written by MunshiPremchand in 1933, to highlight the importance of easing the lives of home-makers.
In the run-up to the Conference, decisions were expected on a permanent solution on the issue of public stockholding for food security purposes as per the Bali/Nairobi mandate and other agriculture issues.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today joined the members of the Rajya Sabha, in bidding farewell to the retiring members of the House.
I appreciate the work done by the Council.
There are about 12.34 lakh employees in 320 CPSEs in the country.
“Has the soldier met the sage who toiled for fifteen years to develop a good product for him,” Shri Narendra Modi asked.
“I too have got water and soil like all of you,” the Prime Minister told the assembled gathering.
India and Tanzania are connected by Indian Ocean.
They also have the most room to make the cuts and make the strongest impact.
The Government is trading the path laid down by Atal ji.
Irrigation potential utilization is expected to be more than 14 lakh hectares during 2016-17 from all the 99 projects.
This Summit reinforced my conviction in the extraordinary value and strength of this partnership.
Over the years the company has diversified into other civil infrastructure construction projects.
The two Prime Ministers observed that the relationship between the two countries draw strength and vitality from the exceptional consensus on the importance and potential of this relationship across the political spectrum, the business community and people in all walks of life in the two countries.
After arriving in Gangtok this afternoon (18th January), he will visit an orchid display and a seasonal flowers exhibition.
Access to EBRD’s Countries of Operation and sector knowledge.
He commended all those involved in its manufacture.
Therefore, it makes strong business sense to be in India.
I am glad to learn that this workshop will also discuss issues related to pollution and waste management.
Around 21 Lakh people have been enrolled under the Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana.
He urged States to take the initiative in this regard.
Ours is a friendship that lives in the hearts of our people and in the fabric of our societies.
I firmly believe that the dream of our ‘New India’ will be realized through the skill & fortitude of these energetic youth.
He also announced an ex-gratia amount of Rs. 2 lakhs for the next of kin of those who lost their lives due to the cyclone, and Rs. 50,000 to the seriously injured.
It was not even in the top 10 in 2015.
Sri Lanka`s progress and prosperity is also a source of strength for India.
And, its just not geography that connects us.
The Prime Minister said there would be a youth-centric focus to all policies of his Government, as 65 percent of India’s population is below the age of 35.
The Memorandum is not an International Treaty and does not create rights and obligations for the parties governed by international law.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the Nation on the occasion of Dhanteras.
A Global Partnership
He appreciated their initiative of naming the toilet “Izzat Ghar.”
To maintain a state-of-the-art Resource Centre, be a repository of research on good governance and best practices in sustainable and equitable development as well as help their dissemination to stake-holders.
He said that NRIs have an important position in the Action Agenda till 2020, drafted by the NITI Aayog.
Friends, Ashadhi Ekadashi, which fell on 23rd July, is celebrated as a day of grand transformation of Pandharpur Wari.
Stronger economic ties between India and Kyrgyzstan will be very helpful in the long run.
• Inaugurates Passenger Reservation Facility at Ramnagar Post Office.
Yogiji further comments- Calm, unsegmented, ever exciting, Calm, unsegmented, ever exciting, Calm, unsegmented, ever exciting active alive for ever, ever vernal calm, ever innovative calm.
g) Use of bio-fuels;
Technical Group Meeting of BRICS Development Banks (10-11 March 2016, Udaipur) 33.
So, let us work together to make them cleaner and less harmful for Nature.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Silver Jubilee Foundation Day function of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).
Prime Minister Narendra Modi received a call this afternoon from Prime Minister of Pakistan Muhammad Nawaz Sharif regarding the terrorist attack on the Pathankot airbase.
He lived till 103 years.
Medals in Paralympics have a significance of their own, but going beyond that these medals have made a very big contribution in transforming the attitude towards our DIVYANG brothers and sisters in our country, our society and our neighborhoods.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, beneficiaries explained how the LPG connection had reduced time spent on cooking, and enhanced the quality of life for the entire family.
The Prime Minister asked for a comprehensive audit of all medical equipment in public health facilities.
He also called upon the University to work towards overall development of these 100 villages.
The ROK expressed its support for India’s early membership of the four multilateral export control regimes, namely, the Nuclear Suppliers Group, Missile Technology Control Regime, Australia Group and Wassenaar Arrangement, based upon consensus within each regime.
Three years ago you vested the responsibility of ‘Pradhan Sewak’- the Chief Servant of the People upon me.
You must have seen the Budget of the present government.
The Prime Minister stressed the need for a political solution that addresses the aspirations of the Tamil community for equality, dignity, justice and self respect within the framework of a united Sri Lanka.
