Today, both of us reviewed the progress in our bilateral relations.
He said dynamic change is needed to transform the system.
And not just yourself- your city, village, neighbourhood, school, college, men, women, everyone should make an attempt to connect with yog.
The incidence of Tuberculosis (TB) per 1 lakh population has been reduced to 204 in 2017, from 234 in 2013.
The proposal entails the following:
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratification of an Agreement between India and Estonia on the transfer of sentenced persons.
They were marked by the desire to do more.
The Prime Minister will also address a select gathering on this occasion.
The Prime Minister met Mr. Ernest Moniz, US Secretary of Energy.
2-laning with paved shoulder of Gopalganj – Chhapra section
Yoga is a code to connect people with life, and to reconnect mankind with nature.
The security of our two countries is indivisible.
We are seeing a fine momentum building up in this T-20 Cricket World Cup.
The meeting ended with a resolve on the part of the Centre and State to work together.
Besides, clear guidelines were defined to disqualify the defector.
The Prime Minister later inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
I am confident that we can conclude the Bilateral Investment Promotion and Protection Agreement very soon.
The monitoring system would provide an end to end solution for detection, identification, monitoring of vessels in the regions of interest for India and France.
We consider the earth as our mother.
It aims at achieving excellence in public administration, good governance and public service reform, which in turn, would ensure and promote greater public accountability.
The continent’s progress will add great stability and momentum to the global economy and benefit India as well.
Remembering her on her Jayanti”, the Prime Minister said.
In the overall context of Railway working, it was considered desirable to introduce the concept of PLB as against the concept of Bonus on the lines of ‘The Payment of Bonus Act – 1965’.
He said the Gyan Sangam reflected team spirit and a collective will to address issues.
He had said “No division of caste or creed should be able to stop us, all are the sons & daughters of India, all of us should love our country and we should carve out our destiny on the foundation of mutual love & harmony.
I am heartily thankful to President Tusk and President Juncker for the productive discussions that we have had today on our wide-ranging agenda.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a fervent appeal to all the citizens to donate generously to the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund today.
i) support police bilateral cooperation, notably through the exchange of best practices, and includingoccasional visits of officials of both countries;
We are located on the same maritime route.
It is a great forum that can contribute effectively to mitigate global challenges.
The Central Government will also fund 60% of the cost of balance works amounting to Rs.365.5 crore (Bihar Rs.318.64 crore and Jharkhand Rs.46.86 crore) from Long Term Irrigation Fund (LTIF) under PMKSY as grant from the States of Bihar and Jharkhand.
It is essential to analyse it, understand it and try to take it to the new generation in a manner in which they understand best.
We are putting in place a professional team for asset management.
Through these initiatives, combined with the new eco-system of a formal economy and a unified tax regime, we are trying to create a NEW INDIA.
Arunachal Pradesh shall be given loans to the tune of 100% of NSSF collections within its territory, whereas Delhi, Kerala and Madhya Pradesh shall be provided 50% of collections.
He said compared to previous government which built only 25 lakhs houses in 5 years, we have built more than 1 crore 25 lakh houses in 5 years.
He will also inspect Dal Lake in Srinagar.
It will not only provide easy movement of trains but also help in the overall development of Bundelkhand region.
He also recalled the former Chief Minister of the State, Shri Mufti Mohammad Sayeed.
Sometimes we are so busy, that we even forget to offer water to the newspaper boy, the milkman, the vegetable seller, the postman or anybody else who come to our house in peak summer days.
The cleanliness drive that you had begun from the Ghats or Banks of the Ganges in Kashi has now taken the shape of a movement inspired by you.”
Shri Narendra Modi has asked the Ministry of Tribal Affairs to identify growth centres within tribal areas, and ensure proper development of education, health and sports facilities in the country.
I visited Sikkim few days ago.
Both sides are deploying the best of British and Indian talent in science, research and technology to address priority global challenges.
Though we have become the third biggest producer of steel, we need to add lot of value in it.
However, India is more than just us politicians.
The story of India’s own freedom struggle is closely linked to Africa.
They have always served India with great courage and determination.
Wishing the vibrant Odia community a Happy New Year!
His efforts will be remembered by generations.
I am very happy to welcome Argentina as a new member in the International Solar Alliance (ISA).
He said that with the Statue of Unity, India has given itself today, a towering inspiration for the future.
We invite your transport companies, including your railways, to assist us in the modernization of our transport networks.
As an environmentalist, he worked tirelessly for conservation of conservation of Narmada river.
3. ICAI will provide technical assistance in holding ICAI’s professional examination for qualified HCT students;
Concrete homes will lead to concrete dreams: PM
You may be aware that the preface of the Indian Constitution and the preface of the UN Charter; both start with the words ‘We the people’.
The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) policy allows sharing of passive infrastructure i.e. the tower structure, Diesel Generator sets, battery units, power interface unit, air-conditioning etc., which has facilitated the growth of the telecom infrastructure industry.
It also brings a spirit of openness and powers us with the capability to accept others.
The cooperation is achieved through exchange of information on developments in areas of railways technology & operations, knowledge sharing, technical visits, training & seminars and workshops in areas of mutual interest.
It is your vision that has given us the Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building in Asia.
And youth of my country, this has been implemented in some schemes, at present it’s not 100%, it’s just a start but because of it around Rs.60,000 crore has been saved which was siphoned off into wrong hands.
“I will travel to Astana, Kazakhstan for two days on 8-9 June for the Summit meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO).
The primary functions of NCVET will include –
IECC project will benefit Indian trade and industry, and help increase India’s foreign trade.
Mr. Phyo Min Thein, Chief Minister of Yangon Region, was present at the gathering.
I want to leave with you the words of a great son of India, a great symbol of humanity, who also came from the shores of Tamil Nadu.
He asked the officials to make use of satellite technology to expedite the process of identifying tribal habitations.
The “Central Tribal University of Andhra Pradesh” will be set up in Relli village of Vizianagaram District as provided under the Thirteenth Schedule to the Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act, 2014 (No. 6 of 2014).
They have done both the country and the State proud, by representing India in International Tournaments, and their clubs in the Indian Super League.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will never trouble innocent citizens, and at the same time the Government wants to ensure that those who are guilty are punished.
He said the State is making appropriate policies for various sectors.
Before implementation of 7th Central Pay Commission, the ceiling under CCS (Pension) Rules, 1972 was Rs. 10 Lakh.
Data on villages being electrified is available to the public through a mobile app and a web dashboard.
It would help project India as a preferred foreigndirect investment (FDI) destination.
In rural areas, the emphasis is on behavioral change intervention including interpersonal communication, strengthening implementation and delivery mechanisms down to the Gram Panchayat level, and giving States flexibility to design delivery mechanisms that take into account local cultures, practices, sensibilities and demands.
We have begun this experience with Space technology.
The unprecedented response which these initiatives have evoked, places a large responsibility upon us, and I assure you, my countrymen that we will not let you down.
Therefore, this scheme alone has caused saving of more than Rs. 20 thousand crores for consumers by reducing the cost of LED bulb and through reduction in electricity bills.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed on November 11, 2016 at Tokyo, Japan between the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) for cooperation in the field of outer space.
At the launch ceremony, the Prime Minister and other dignitaries’ poured soil and Narmada water into a Kalash to mark the dedication of the ‘Statue of Unity’ to the nation.
Financial Implications:-
Development has to result in jobs.
Shri Narendra Modi said 4 rail universities would be established to ensure proper and well-trained human resource for the Railways.
He said that it was essential to use water judiciously and not waste even a drop.
Exchange of best practices, experiences and knowledge on how to raise IP awareness among the public, businesses and educational institutions of both countries;
This includes licensing, cross-border trade, security and environmental clearances.
30. I congratulate the Department of Science and Technology and the Confederation of Indian Industry for organizing this signature event with United Kingdom as the partner country.
On occasions generations are afflicted with illnesses.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana, Sonepat.
The whole world appeared as one entity.
What is even better is that Usha ji has continued her association with sports.
US Secretary of Defense James Mattis called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon.
In order to do so, it must adapt fast to these rapid changes, through framing of appropriate policies.
This must take into account not only new technology trends, but also the nature of future challenges.
It was also agreed to intensify cooperation in the areas of training and capacity building of Maldives Police Service and Maldives National Defence Force.
Wages shown on paper are much higher than the wages actually paid to you.
To improve cleanliness, the Abhiyan Indradhanush changes bedsheets according to the rainbow pattern each day of the week.
During the visit, he held bilateral discussions with President Museveni at State House, Entebbe on Wednesday 24th July 2018.
Nature Interpretation and Conservation Awareness: Use of information technology in strengthening interface of forest managers with the people for sensitising people, especially the youth and children in understanding complex issues of conservation of biological diversity.
And, it continues to shine in the richness of India’s diversity and culture.
May this occasion deepen the spirit of harmony and unity in our society and may there always be peace and prosperity”, the Prime Minister said.
Navreh greetings to my fellow citizens.
Appreciating the efforts of the State Government, the Prime Minister emphasized crop diversification, value-addition, and broadbasing the sources of income for farmers, by connecting dairying, fishery, poultry, bee-keeping etc.
43. The Sides also decided to further explore possibilities of closer cooperation on hydel and renewable energy sources, energy efficiency, including in order to reduce the negative effects of climate change.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Cuba on cooperation in the field of Health and Medicine.
India and Ireland have been partners in peacekeeping operations.
In response, the Prime Minister said that clarity of thought and conviction are essential.
We have to provide services to our people which are of global standards.
RMBA component being specific to activities in border areas with neighbouring countries and in accordance with bilateral mechanisms, the projects / works will continue to be funded as 100% grant-in-aid / central assistance.
27. Meeting of BRICS Working Group on Environment (15 September 2016, Goa) 28.
He directed that steps be taken urgently to resolve the problem, and also to ensure that the problems in voice connectivity do not extend to data connectivity in the future.
In a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
He expressed confidence that bilateral relations between India and Bangladesh would continue to grow even further.
Area of cooperation
I have always admired how Mauritius has made smart choices; and encouraged hard work and enterprise.
He handed over certificates to women given free driving training by Daman and Diu administration and cycle to school going girls.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the Protocol amending the Agreement between India and Vietnam for the avoidance of double taxation and for prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
The Prime Minister emphasized that he saw a key role for digital technology in further strengthening democracy, and in India’s development narrative.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved establishment of two new All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) at Madurai, Tamil Nadu at a cost of Rs 1,264 crore and Bibinagar, Telangana at a cost of Rs 1,028 crore.
The Union Finance Minister in his Budget speech for the Year 2014-15 had announced for setting up of four new AIIMS in Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
He complimented the people of Kashi for extending a warm welcome to French President Emmanuel Macron.
Recently, India has also implemented Goods and Services Tax-GST.
We have taken major steps to increase the ‘Ease of Doing Business’ and have already begun climbing steeply in the global rankings.
I thank you, Excellency, once again for hosting me in Geneva.
Members of the delegation, who are associated with educational institutions, also mentioned the progress made by their institutions, in Government initiatives such as cashless transactions, start-ups, and the Hackathon recently organized by NITI Aayog.
Coir, leather and coconut trainings for the communities were envisaged and promoted.
Astronaut Sunita Williams was also among those who were present on the occasion.
(iii) MoU between CERT-In and Japan Computer Emergency Response Team Coordination Center (JPCERT/CC) for Cooperation in the area of Cyber Security signed on 7th December, 2015 through diplomatic exchange and exchange of the signed MoU between the two parties completed by 22nd December, 2015.
Last month I came across an energy forecastprepared by an agency, according to whichIndia will be the key driver of global energy demand in the next twenty-five years.
They decide to further promote bilateral partnership on climate change and enhance the role of this partnership in their overall strategic cooperation partnership through the implementation of this Joint Statement and the MoU as well as the Agreement.
At a Sahakar Sammelan in Amreli, the Prime Minister said he was happy to see younger people coming to the fore and taking leadership of the cooperative sector.
And we are happy to share it again with the international community on the auspicious occasion of World Environment Day.
The Prime Minister described India as a land of opportunity.
More than 670 exhibitors including over 150 international exhibitors will take part in the DefExpo.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will embark on a visit to two states: Gujarat and Tamil Nadu; and two Union Territories: Daman & Diu and Puducherry, over the next two days.
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi presented Prime Minister of Israel Mr. Benjamin Netanyahu replicas of 2 sets of relics from Kerala that are regarded as key artifacts in the long Jewish history in India.
This new institution would respect the federal structure of the country, he asserted.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has worked to make the lives of common people better, and to promote ease of doing business.
“Born on 15th October, 1931 at Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu, Dr. Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam, specialized in Aeronautical Engineering from Madras Institute of Technology.
He said the technology transfer envisaged in this project will benefit Indian Railways, and boost the “Make in India” initiative.
I have also laid the foundation of an important road project today.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation.
Every countryman should make a resolve, every countryman should prepare a 5-year roadmap to realise that resolve.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today visited Pathankot Airbase in Punjab, which was attacked by terrorists recently.
Generations ago, people from India charted that course to a new destination and a new life.
PaHaL aims to reduce diversion and eliminate duplicate or bogus LPG connections.
It has also approved acquisition of controlling stake by Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) as promoter in the bank through preferential allotment / open offer of equity, and relinquishment of management control by the Government in the bank.
“Birthday greetings to His Majesty Emperor Akihito of Japan.
Welcoming the recent visit of the Vice President to Bodh Gaya, Prime Minister Modi highlighted the importance of cultural ties, and the civilization links between the people of India and Myanmar.
The story of investments also continues to be bright.
Excellency Prime Minister Najib,
Noida provides employment to over 2,00,000 in the region with these industrial units.
Earlier, the Prime Minister visited an exhibition at the Conference venue.
Prime Minister welcomed increased exchanges between the legislatures of both countries.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described it as an honour to unveil the bust of Bapu at Yonsei University.
He also suggested a joint visit of places of research being done at grassroots level in this regard, in SAARC countries.
I thanked President Michel for his Government’s consistent support to India in international forums.
And, build on convergences and commonalities in our interests and concerns on regional and global issues.
The innovators also explained their work to the Prime Minister, through working models and exhibits, in the presence of the Chief of Army Staff.
These guidelines will replace the guidelines issued by DPE in September, 2016.
The country is bigger than any of us.”
He also mentioned about the benefits of PM KisanSammanNidhi and Ayushman Bharat Yojana.
It includes:
We also ended the requirement to visit government offices for life certification for pensioners by introducing online biometric identification.
A special Fund was set up to improve the fisheries sector.
My dear countrymen, agriculture makes a very major contribution to the fundamentals of our country’s economy.
Mr. Dhan Bahadur Shrestha Executive Officer Kathmandu Metropolitan City
They appreciated the regular holding of sector specific institutional mechanisms in the areas of security and defence, trade and commerce, power and energy, border management and connectivity etc. for effective follow-up of decisions taken at the highest political levels.
Large segments of the developing world depend on these vehicles for mobility.
The Prime Minister said that as a result of the efforts of the Government, the economy is functioning with less cash.
And I believe that in its next edition in 2019, participation of the Netherlands will be even more.
Subsequent data is yet to be notified by RGI.
Besides Delhi, the chefs will be visiting Agra and Jaipur as well.
This means if anyone steals 1 kg of wheat on a bogus ration card, he automatically gains Rs.20-25.
• PM’s arrival was greeted with slogans and cheers.
This should give a boost to the economic development of the region.
And by looking at this investment, it can be assumed that in the coming days people-to-people ties between India and Japan will grow further along with a growing business.
The MoUaim to formalize the collaboration between the institutions for continuing the professional collaboration.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri Pranab Mukherjee, on the completion of his 3 years as the President of India.
Today, I am delighted to be here to inaugurate the new India International Exchange.
It has inspired this region’s progress and led in its integration.
Reviewing the Char-Dham road connectivity improvement project in Uttarakhand, the Prime Minister called for expediting the work at the earliest.
Mr. Mark Zuckerberg: All right, so for our next one, I want to ask you a personal question.
We stand with our Sri Lankan brothers and sisters in their hour of need.
This will provide easy access to health care services to the people living in the villages.
We learn this wisdom in the perfect balance and harmony that exists in the vast diversity of a forest.
Another initiative, is the National Investment and Infrastructure Fund.
The setting up of the Judicial Committee headed by Justice L. Narasimha Reddy will help in the removal of anomalies that may arise in the implementation of OROP order dated 7.11.2015.
In a way, I consider this to be a huge pat on the back because these are people who are not on the front page of a Magazine or Newspaper or on our TV screens.
And that is why it becomes our collective responsibility… Let us be lovers of nature, protectors of Nature, conservers of Nature… and thus, ensure spontaneous balance in her myriad bounty.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, and the Prime Minister of Japan, Mr. Shinzo Abe, today addressed the India-Japan Business Leaders Forum in New Delhi.
The leaders directed their respective officials to also explore the feasibility of construction of a rail link between Tamu and Mandalay in Myanmar.
It does not matter, whether I came here without office or I come now as a Prime Minister of India.
We are working on clean coal technology.
Indeed, Prime Minister’s understanding and insight into regional and global issues brings a new dimension to our cooperation on matters that concern us both.
Incorporating a company along with allotment of DIN, PAN, TAN and the CIN is now just one day affair;
Brothers and Sisters, Our country has a fancy for a trend.
The Prime Minister expressed satisfaction at the progress in bilateral relations since his visit, including in the hydro-power sector.
A common man living thousands of kilometres away can now supply his products to the Government.
Festivals infuse new life into individuals as well as the society.
Today in Stockholm, the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister of Denmark Lars Løkke Rasmussen, the Prime Minister of Finland Juha Sipilä, the Prime Minister of Iceland Katrín Jakobsdóttir, the Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg and the Prime Minister of Sweden Stefan Löfven held a Summit hosted by the Swedish Prime Minister and the Indian Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister laid stress on harmony and togetherness, saying that without peace, unity and harmony, development cannot have any meaning.
We will support the advancement of a positive unifying global agenda, effectively engage in international efforts to strengthen peace and ensure global and regional stability and security, confront challenges and threats, and actively promote just and coordinated approaches to crisis resolution.
From a rank of 142 in 2014, we have now reached the top 100.
Both within and outside the country, it has captured the imagination of people, institutions, industries, businesses, media and the political leadership.
The approval would allow to increase the maximum rate at which the Compensation Cess can be levied from 15% to 25% on:
I feel the weight of history, standing here with you in this truly international city-Geneva.
a. Exchange on approaches to humanitarian assistance and disaster relief b.
He also mentioned the ending of the distinction between plan and non-plan expenditure, based on the recommendation of the Rangarajan Committee in 2011, which had found the distinction to be counter-productive.
Whether every facility is available or not?
The Prime Minister reiterated the vision of his Government, that state units should be the focus of all development efforts, as part of “Team India.”
This will be the world’s largest government funded health care programme.
The Prime Minister will also lay the Foundation Stone for an International Convention Centre in Varanasi.
India was declared as “Polio-Free” on 27 March 2014.
The Prime Minister said he is at SPIEF as a representative of 1.25 billion people.
I read a letter & then try to weave it with the essence of a similar letter.
The Prime Minister said that in this year’s Union Budget, a provision of 14 lakh crore rupees has been made to strengthen rural and agricultural infrastructure.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare for the poor and the middle class.
Since the turn of the century, he has been a key architect of our partnership.
The Prime Minister said a constructive discussion has begun on the subject of holding Union and State elections simultaneously.
How to avoid conflict?
He invited German companies to take advantage of enormous opportunities of defence manufacturing and defence research and development in India.
We have included all these things in culture of the government: simplification of the processes; repealing unnecessary laws; reducing the size of forms in the government office from 40-50 pages to 4-5 pages; creating system for online filling of those forms; giving a sincere hearing to the grievances of the people and work on them.
We are at the cusp of a new era, where oceans will become important drivers of our economies.
Yoga is far beyond physical exercises.
PM unveiled the state of art, super-speciality public hospital – Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences and Research in Ahmedabad.
• ICAI and ICPAK will collaborate on benchmarking initiatives and trainee accountant exchange programmes.
Implementing the decision to exclude states from NSSF investments and extending the loan will entail no additional cost.
On the occasion of World Environment Day on 5th June, there are going to be litter bins made available to collect solid waste and liquid waste in 4000 towns of the country.
Support development of urban planning and infrastructure in India, including (a)cooperation in the development of new areas of collaboration and mutual benefit in the development of smart cities in India; (b) Setting up peer-to-peer network of Municipalities for direct collaboration; and (c) Assistance in the area of affordable housing.
1.2 billion people can hope for pensions and insurance.
Shri Narendra Modi said if there is one sector that can power the economy, it is agriculture.
This was the Prime Minister`s first visit to NITI Aayog.
As leaders of G4 countries, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, and President Rousseff called for urgent progress on reforms of the United Nations, including the Security Council, by the time of the seventieth anniversary of the UN in 2015.
The Prime Minister noted that the vision of the government of Maldives, of a transparent, accountable, and rule-based administration sends a welcome message to regain the confidence of Indian business persons.
Today, in every scheme of this government you will see a glimpse of the efforts to give equal rights to all without discrimination.
Some vices have entered in our way of life, and we do not think that we are breaking the law and that is why it is the responsibility of the leadership and of the society to get rid of these faults that have crept into the society.
· I thank you all for coming here this morning and wish you a very productive day ahead.
Years ago, what Bodh Gaya got was Siddhartha but what Bodh Gaya gave to the world was Lord Buddha, the epitome of knowledge, peace and compassion.
He gave thrust to self-reliance in defence systems by introducing Light Combat Aircraft.
The approval of consolidation proposal of DPW will also facilitate promoting foreign direct investment in the country and signal the investor friendly ambience in the port sector.
It gives India strength to speak on issues of common interests.
They will not be spared.
He inaugurated Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia which will deliver 15% of the total gas produced in Assam.
They will then proceed to Delhi on 25th January and witness the Republic Day Parade at New Delhi on 26th January 2019.
Is it necessary to stand in bank queue?
Cabinet Minister Najma Heptulla was present at the occasion.
India is one of the emerging economies in the world with vast coastline and rich bio-diversity.
I have met Excellency Abe on many occasions in Japan, India and around the world.
I must particularly congratulate Dr. Adel, who has been ahead of the curve in realizing this need.
“Tributes to those who lost their lives in the gruesome 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai.
Speaks to Home Minister; Says stern action will be taken against those found guilty
This three-day meet is one such effort.
The loan contracted by States till 31.3.2016, from the National Small Savings Fund will stand completely repaid by the Financial Year 2038-39.
The role of Tariff Authority for Major Ports [TAMP] has been redefined.
These included specific initiatives to develop Smart cities and urban rejuvenation, promote Skill development, measures to Speed up connectivity and coastal and port development, strengthening linkages with the North East of India, projects to Scale up investments in the new development initiatives launched in India and enhancing exchanges with the State of India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and the USA for co-hosting the Global Entrepreneurship Summit (GES) 2017 in India.
Various stays given by the Court and repeated adjournment of hearing graves the situation and resulted in less availability of poppy seeds in the country leading to a great problems to the consumers.
It is rather about what one can give up, what one can get rid of.
(c) The human resource component under NRLM as per the terms of the project implementation plan and financing agreement with World Bank to be kept outside the purview of the ceiling.
A Bill for replacement of Ordinance has been introduced in the Lok Sabha on 07.12.2015.
The ‘Namami Gange” programme to clean the river Ganga is on the verge of taking off.
Its timing was changed in the morning when Atal Bihari Vajpayee Government came into power and Budget was presented just after the commencement of the Parliament Session.
I fondly recall my visit to the city of Hannover and Hannover Messe in April.
Under the scheme these families will get free treatment up to Rs. 5 lakhs per annum in the identified hospitals.
He will launch the 90,000 units’ EWS and LIG Housing scheme under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
Talking about health stents, Prime Minister Shri Modi said that earlier citizens had to sell or mortgage property to purchase health stents.
He called for Universities and youth to be involved in this process of transformation.
My dear countrymen, this is my first Mann Ki Baat of 2016.
The decision is expected to promote the country’s international exports, and deepen political and financial ties between India and Korea.
I am missing Amma here, and can feel the void.
This is a part of Prime Minister’s development package for Jammu & Kashmir.
It is also a bitter truth, that people have complaints of bad experiences at the hands of Government machinery, and some government officers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today announced a Rs. 80,000 crore rupee development package for Jammu and Kashmir.
“I bow to Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj on his Jayanti.
They said that elections held in 2011 had witnessed enthusiastic turnout of voters.
It will come into force on the date of signing and will remain in effect for a period of five years.
We also greatly value your strong and steadfast support for relations between our two countries.
Immediate Payment Service (IMPS) transactions have also increased from 3.6 crore to 6.7 crore during the same period.
They devote their lives for their disciples, their students.
The Prime Minister, while appreciating this effort, called for further action to completely eliminate the need for tanker supply.
That is also the imperative of our partnership.
And, we will continue with our reforms with speed and boldness.
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
They emphasised their interest in building closer cooperation in the maritime domain.
The Prime Minister told that his Government believes in sabkasaath, sabkavikas for ease of living to the common man and appreciated the contribution and co-operation of Kerala government in completion of the project.
The Prime Minister will then proceed to Gandhinagar.
Small currency has now more value.
People have shared their experiences, conveying the rise of selfless volunteerism as a consequence of ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
We have covered substantial ground in the last 14 months and want to do a lot more in the future.
The Prime Minister spoke of the initiatives in skill development taken by the Union Government, and the work done by him as Chief Minister of Gujarat in fields such as education of the girl child, and revival of the kite industry.
• National Means-Cum-Merit Scholarship Scheme and
In case it is not possible to wind up DGS&D by 31st October, 2017, the Department may extend the date of closure with proper justification latest upto 31st March, 2018.
I also look forward, to a much more intensive level of engagement, between India and South America, in the coming years, across all domains of cooperation
We will build an industry that will have room for everyone – public sector, private sector and foreign firms.
He said that today marks the birth anniversary of two great leaders – Nanaji Deshmukh and Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan, who devoted their life to the betterment of the nation.
It will make the Institute self-sustainable by the end of FY 2019-20.
He added that if we do not protect and nurture our rivers, mankind will be the loser.
You do this without seeking an award or getting a headline.
We have focused on creating durable assets that benefit the population, rather than the touts.
This includes environmental clearances, extending the industrial licences, delicencing of defence items, and simplification of cross-border trade.
It would also provide an opportunity for both the nations to share best practices and new innovations in the field of Information, Communication & Media.
This campaign was owned by Versova Residence volunteer or VRV.
It is expected to generate more than 33,400 jobs in direct and indirect employment.
The heartening effect of the novel way in which our 1.25 billion countrymen dedicated this Diwali to soldiers of our army, to our defence forces, was clearly evident on their faces.
This would include greater staff exchanges; sharing of expertise and experiences; training and institution building, cooperation in hydrography, and supply of equipment.
Our cooperation now takes many forms and is expanding rapidly in scale and range.
It was decided that Shri Keshubhai Patel would continue as Chairman of the Trust for the year 2017.
The Prime Minister said children too are now aware about cleanliness.
The bilateral trade between India and Africa has been growing very rapidly and in the past few years it has grown by eight to nine times.
Sports are considered a waste of time in our society.
India is at the crossroads of Indian Ocean.
The Union Government’s interventions and initiatives taken for the sugarcane sector are likely to come up for discussion during the meeting.
This will enable a secure cyberspace which improves quality of life.
We understand that if we want to increase the income of Fishermen brothers and sisters, then we have to develop infrastructure associated with fisheries.
The Prime Minister spoke of the Direct Benefit Transfer scheme for LPG subsidy, which had emerged as the largest DBT scheme anywhere in the world.
He said one of the key elements towards fulfilling their vision of India would be to provide electricity for all, at all times, across India.
Reflecting the close ties between our two great democracies, India and the United States agree to elevate our long-standing strategic partnership, with a Declaration of Friendship that strengthens and expands the relationship between our two countries
Today, we are celebrating a festival of honesty and there is no place for dishonesty.
The net national GHG emissions after including LULUCF were 23,06,295 Gg COa equivalent (around 2.306 billion tonnes of CO2 equivalent).
The Prime Minister praised the President as an ocean of knowledge, and appreciated his initiatives towards higher education.
India knows what this means because our soldiers too have fallen in distant battlefields for the same ideals.
Whether we will download the BHIM App and make every purchase through BHIM App?
We will be pleased to set up similar Centres in other major cities in Kyrgystan.
Under the scheme Rs.258 crore of prize money was won by 16 lakh winners, including customers and merchants belonging to different corners of the country and from varied walks of life.
Funding proposals must not take too long to clear; meeting application requirement should not become more complex than research; approval process should not become a deterrent for international conference; and, our scientific departments must have flexibility of funding decisions based on the uncertainties inherent in research activities.
But, at times children indulge in reckless bravado and take unnecessary risks.
We salute our hardworking farmers who feed our nation”.
This will be debited to the fund at the beginning of each half year; i.e. April 1 and October 1.
The current status of malnutrition, stunting and related problems was reviewed.
Further, policy on promotion of City Compost is a major initiative which aims at the twin objectives of making cities cleaner and utilizing the city garbage as compost for improving soil health.
These amendments have brought our arbitration process in tune with global best practices.
Madam Chairperson,
My visit to the three Indian Ocean Island countries reflects our foreign policy priorities in India’s immediate and extended neighbourhood.
He was speaking at the inaugural ceremony of the ‘Mananeeya Eknath Ranade Janm Shati Parva’ in New Delhi today.
The event is being organized at Shillong.
I compliment all those individuals and organisations who are working towards promoting harmony with nature and ensuring sustainable development’’,the Prime Minister said.
In Congo and Southern Sudan more than twenty thousand patients were treated in hospitals of the Indian army and countless lives were saved.
Ashwani ji has written: –
This gives a nation its own capacity to shoulder the responsibility for its progress.
However, this assumption is based on India deciding to buy the minimum number of shares (100) required for obtaining the membership.
1. MoU with the Ministry of Transport of the Russian federation for the development of cooperation in transport education for the development of cooperation in transport education.
Prohibition of restrictive conditions regarding audit firms:
Mr. Salahuddin Rabbani, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Afghanistan, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon.
This, of course, casts upon them, a great responsibility.
The MoU was signed in New Delhi on 19th July 2018.
He was an embodiment of exceptional courage and immense wisdom.
So far total 65 prisoners have been exchanged, out of which 55 were Indians
A Joint Working Group shall be formed to monitor the activities to be carried out in fulfillment of the MoU.
4. Joint research and developmental activities;
It is your labour of love which is instrumental in Sri Lanka meeting almost 17% of the world’s demand for tea, and earning more than 1.5 billion US dollars in foreign exchange.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to test their systems carefully before implementing them on a large scale.
He praised the “Go to hills, go to villages” programme of the State Government.
Expressing disagreement with the trend to criticize business and industry, the Prime Minister said that this townhall programme has illustrated how leading corporates are doing excellent social work, and urging their employees to venture out and serve the people.
Yesterday, I inaugurated the India-Kazakhstan Centre of Excellence in Information & Communication Technologies at the Eurasian National University.
He said that Delhi’s streets are now free from power brokers, and the voice of the poor is heard.
The investment amount could be enhanced up to a maximum of Rs. 3000 crore by way of subscription of convertible warrants / other instruments giving right to convert it into equity shares to be issued by BORL, beyond DPE guidelines dated 05.08.2005.
The Prime Minister in his message has saluted the will and determination of all those individuals and organisations working towards protecting the environment.
This is in a way a humorous suggestion.
Congrats to all those thousands of friends in schools and colleges who read and understood the messages of Swamiji, took part in competitions and won prizes.
• Asks DRDO to engage in a big way with youth and soldiers, for value addition.
They also called for close cooperation towards realization of Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (RCEP).
This is in addition to the compensation of Rs. 2 lakh from the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund.
I have already invited you all to share your questions through Facebook or the ‘Narendra Modi Mobile App.’
Right from the Vedas to Vivekananda, from the Upanishads to the satellites, the Sudarshan Chakradhari Mohan to Charkhadhari Mohan, from the Bhim of Mahabharat to the Bhimrao; we have a long historical journey and heritage.
It will help take our cooperation to greater heights.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the Bogibeel bridge in Assam, to the nation.
It is not restricted to just one day.
i. Daily reward of Rs 1000 to be given to 15,000 lucky Consumers for a period of 100 days; ii.
We convey our heartfelt condolences to the Royal Family, the people and the Government of the Kingdom of Thailand.
He said the PRAGATI meetings have helped speed up projects worth over 9 lakh crore rupees.
Governor of Uttar Pradesh, Shri Ram Naik, CM of UP Shri Yogi Adityanath, Chairman of Akshaya Patra Foundation Swami Madhu Pandit Dasa and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
I hope the deliberations in the summit would focus on how women entrepreneurship can be further supported.
The Madhubani style of painting refers to the rural art form developed by women from Mithila, an area in the eastern Indian state of Bihar.
sharing of experience in Single Window System for expeditious scrutiny and speedy disposal of applications;
The Prime Minister said infrastructure is the first step towards development.
Since Lothal in Gujarat became one of the earliest seaports in the world, India has had a long maritime tradition.
Before I conclude, to all our friends in Indonesia, I would like to wish Thank you.
The activities between the two sides will start after the receipt of copy of the signed MoU.
“Business” and “profits” had become bad words.
We all know that AIIMS in Delhi has cultivated a brand name for itself in health care.
This is not something that needs to be taught.
The Prime Minister said he feels very happy when he sees citizens post pictures of Varanasi Cantt Station online.
Foreign Minister of Iran Dr. Javad Zarif called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
This will help us deliver quality education to every student across India.
Retrenchment process will also be followed as per Industrial Disputes Act 1947.
The Government shall also take care of all contingent liabilities of HVOC that may arise in future due to pending cases in various courts/tribunals/authorities.
My dear countrymen, our North-East has a unique distinction of its own.
PM launches “Give it up” campaign for voluntarily giving up LPG subsidy.
In June this year when Cyclone Mora hit Bangladesh and Myanmar, our naval ship INS SUMITRA rendered a big help in rescue operations; many fishermen were rescued from the sea and handed over to Bangladesh.
He emphasized that corruption has adversely impacted the aspirations of the poor and the middle class.
ANR, France is hosting the Secretariat from January, 2015 to December, 2017.
The shrutis, the four Vedas and Upanishads are the source of Dharma: they are sacred knowledge transmitted by great Indian sages from generation to generation.
These reports are strongly denied.
12. Research and training of food industry operators;
The WTO General Council has been mandated to regularly review the progress of these negotiations.
The Prime Minister said he is in Sikkim as the guest of the farmers of the State.
He described Shri Ranade as a perfectionist.
Your strength is our belief.
The Centre and States have to collectively find a solution to this.
I am also happy to announce that to welcome more tourists from Thailand to India, and to help them enjoy their visits to Buddhist sites in India, we will soon facilitate double entry e-tourist visas for citizens of Thailand.
A lot has changed since then.
This specially includes education and healthcare.
In this regard F.SA.A.I. is engaged in promoting good eating or Safe and Healthy Diet habits.
Areas of cooperation include smart urban solutions, liveability, sustainable and integrated urban planning, re-development and land use, integrated solid waste management including waste to energy, sustainable transport systems, water and sanitation management, energy efficiency, resource mobilization and other related areas mutually agreed upon.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratification of the Bay of Bengal Initiative on Multi Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation (BIMSTEC) Convention on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people on the occasion of Baisakhi, Vaisakhadi, Masadi, Bohag Bihu, Poila Boishakh, Vishu, Maha Vishuba Sankranti, and Puthandu, being celebrated in various parts of the country.
All of us need to pursue policies that provide a stable macro economy, enhance growth and further inclusion.
International Association of Insurance Supervisors, Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding is a statement of its signatories’ intent to cooperate in the Field of information exchange as well as procedure for handling information requests.
• All the political parties should condemn strongly this goondaism in the name of cow protection.
At that time, he was the Vice-President.
And Future Output Index has crossed the figure of 60.
He also invited Chief Secretaries of States to give their suggestions on e-NAM.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated India’s contingent at the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
The purpose of the ‘Samvad’ is to get to know as to how these initiatives have brought changes in the lives of patients, especially the poor and to elicit first hand feedback from them.
With these strengths, India offers you a solid platform to test and launch your making and designing capabilities.
I am seeing several people and organisations across the world are working towards making the first ever International Day of Yoga a memorable event,” the Prime Minister said.
India wishes to participate in your growth story and we invite all of ASEAN to participate in ours.
It is true that everyone is not tech-savvy.
So we will together build such an India where the poor will have Pucca House with electricity and water.
Chief Minister of Assam in October 2013 had proposed that DAE should take over the institute to develop it as a center for excellence for cancer treatment, education and research for the entire North East.
“Greetings to people of India on the historic occasion of 1st Constitution Day.
The Prime Minister visited the Avadhoota Datta Peetham, where he met His Holiness Sri Ganapathy Sachchidananda Swamiji.
We further request the BRICS National Institutes of Statistics to discuss the viability and feasibility of a platform for the development of such methodologies and to report thereon.
The leaders welcomed the establishment of the Center for Gandhian and Indian Studies at Fudan University, Shanghai.
In more than 40 countries today there are more than 100 projects which are under implementation.
He said the Union Government is focusing on infrastructure development, which will make a fundamental difference in the lives of the common man.
This reform will promote Make in India, help exports and thus boost employment while providing enhanced revenue.
As students, it is vital to ask questions, the Prime Minister said.
Information may be disclosed to any other person or entity or authority or jurisdiction with the prior written consent of the information sending country.
And, the traditional tools of military, intelligence or diplomacy alone would not be able to win this fight.
This has been prepared by Dr. A Saibaba Goud, for the benefit of the visually challenged.
Both can happen in a mutually complementary manner.
A message has come for you from someone, who is essentially a teacher-turned-a-value educator.
(e) facilitating study visits and sharing of information and experience through workshops, seminars and conferences;
India’s greatest asset is its youth.
Our cooperation in the framework of ASEAN, East Asia Summit and the ASEAN Regional Framework is aimed at building an open and inclusive architecture for regional cooperation, in an atmosphere of trust and confidence.
It sounds very simple, but in reality it is not so.
We are cutting down on multiple clearances that choke investment.
He said that in BRICS, all member countries are working together.
The Prime Minister welcomed the delegation and stressed the importance of such linkages.
There are many projects under way.
Your Excellency, Chief Executive Dr. Abdulla,
The principal amount of investment, which is denominated in grams of gold, will be redeemed at the price of gold at that time.
The industrial revolution may have come late to India, but we are going strong in the current start-up revolution.
What took a hundred thousand men or a prolonged battle can now happen through the click of a button, in a span of minutes.
The same goes for improvements in cyclone early warning.
I sincerely hope that this Centre will prove to be a great inspiration for spreading Babasaheb’s teachings.
Borders and land may be separating us, but water connects us, sea connects us.
He said 74 percent of the beneficiaries under the MUDRA scheme till now, are women.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the National Policy on Software Products – 2019 to develop India as a Software Product Nation.
It is a matter of happiness for all of us that today Arun Ji is also amongst us after the recovery.
The Prime Minister emphasized that the engagement of India and African Countries has been on the rise.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated a new metro link between Noida and Delhi.
He said the Statue will continue to remind future generations of the courage, capability and resolve of Sardar Patel.
An India where opportunities are created and harnessed to the advantage of the needy.
Our ties, therefore, are more than seventy years old.
It will evince more interest in Football in every generation.
26. Moulana Bilal Ahmed Bijroulvi Mohatmin Madarsa Jamia Arabia
So, Sri Lanka`s success is of great significance to India.
He also said IITs could contribute towards user-friendly innovations in the Indian Railways.
The concept of an International Financial Services Centre is simple but powerful.
Union Home Minister Shri Raj Nath Singh, and Union Ministers of State for Home Shri Hansraj Ahir and Shri Kiren Rijiju were present on the occasion.
The Prime Minister said that the ninth announcementis on simplification of government procedures.
Shri Narendra Modi said that a sensitive and humane approach was needed in fulfilling the responsibilities of the Prime Minister’s Office.
The Prime Minister said, ” Saluting the indomitable spirit, determination & dedication of Nari Shakti on International Women’s Day.
It will also generate immense goodwill for India among the people of Myanmar due to the religious significance as well as the touristic significance of the project.
The two Prime Ministers committed support to the digitization of the shared archival collections housed in the British Library and the National Archives of India.
Kenya’s economy and its infrastructure make it an influential player in the region.
I am delighted to lay the foundation stone of the second campus of the institute at Ettumanoor near the holy Mahadeva Temple.
He said that to honour those who are working to popularize Yoga, two awards will be instituted, one at the national level, and the other at the international level.
This is expected to enhance the revenue to AAI and increased economic development in these areas in terms of job creation and related infrastructure.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will be visiting Wuhan, China on 27th April-28th April 2018.
Some of my young friends must be busy with their examinations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched three gold related schemes at a function at 7, Race Course Road.
He also inaugurated the Super Specialty Block of KIMS in Hubali, the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal building in Bangalore and the Women’s Hostel for Students from North Eastern Region at Bangalore University, through the press of button.
Swachhata becomes a habit.
To that effect, we will hold a joint session with the leaders of the South American nations, under the theme of the Sixth BRICS Summit, with a view to furthering cooperation between BRICS and South America.
He highlighted various initiatives that have been initiated by the new Government including Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, Make in India, Swachh Bharat and Clean Ganga.
The decision will benefit the Government exchequer in reducing recurring expenditure incurred in operating both the sick CPSEs in running their activities.
He also laid the Foundation Stone of a Medical College in Ghazipur.
President Xi spoke of 20 billion dollars of Chinese investments over the next five years.
The satellite will provide communication and internet services to the remotest corners of our country”, the Prime Minister said.
“ASEAN–India poised for new synergy of robust cooperation and promising future”: Lee Hseing Loong ;
The approval is in pursuance of implementation of the Budget Announcement made by the Finance Minister Shri Arun Jaitley while presenting the Union Budget 2016-17 regarding reforms in FDI Policy with respect to enhancement of investment limit for foreign entities in Indian stock exchanges from 5% to 15% on par with domestic institutions.
They believe that such strategic communication will have a positive influence on enhancing mutual understanding and will contribute to regional and global stability.
E-governance is no longer just a fancy buzzword, but a basic facility.
He participated in Swachh Shakti- 2019, a convention of Women Sarpanches and felicitated the women sarpanches from across the country with the Swachh Shakti-2019 awards.
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to proactively monitor the same, with sensitivity.
This volume covers the martyrs of Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura.
The Prime Minister also spoke over telephone to the Union Home Secretary, Shri L.C. Goyal.
The collaboration shall also cover State Governments in its ambit.
He briefly visited the Drug Discovery and Research Laboratory at the Institute, accompanied by Swami Ramdev and Acharya Balkrishna.
So if possible, effort should be to plan for things that are estimated to be required after 25-30 years.
This concern was touched upon a long time ago in our culture and that is why we are aware of the significance of soil since ancient times.
We are happy that India is his first destination in Asia.
This MoC is valid for a period of three years.
a. Training and staff development;
Hence, through PPP or otherwise, we are encouraging private investments in areas where earlier only government used to invest.
I also welcome the Automatic Exchange of Information initiative, and look forward to collective action to implement it.
Thank you very very much.
I am certain that this visit will substantially take forward the already strong people to people ties between our Nations.
They assist all in humanitarian disasters, without asking their nationality.
“Sabka saath, sabka vikaas” is relevant for India’s neighbours too, he asserted.
In Herat, in Afghanistan, on the India Afghan Friendship Dam, Salma Dam, Yoga added a new aspect to India’s friendship.
Urbanization will pose greater challenges for disaster risk management, by concentrating people, property and economic activity in smaller areas, many of them in disaster prone locations.
We must develop a financing system suited to the special needs of this industry.
The temple is popularly known as White Horse Temple.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and the United Arab Emirates Space Agency (UAESA) for cooperation in the exploration and use of outer space for peaceful purposes.
This simple IT framework has improved transparency in Government procurement.
If we collectively strive to do it with eternal vigilance , it surely can be flushed out.
Process of applying for Industrial License (IL) and Industrial Entrepreneur Memorandum (IEM) has been made online and this service is now available to entrepreneurs on 24×7 basis.
He said he had initiated a move to introduce the Japanese principles of management in the PMO as well.
7. The two leaders agreed to enhance cooperation to strengthen maritime security in the Gulf and the Indian Ocean regions, vital for the security and prosperity of both countries.
Establishments keeping records of information of HIV positive persons shall adopt data protection measures.
The Prime Minister suggested that special teams be set up for repair of damaged roads, restoration of power infrastructure, and for health related assistance.
A year ago, what the teacher had taught in the classroom, the whole scenario reappears in front of you.
You will find us standing with you in your journey.
To their children and grand-children, I say a big thank you.
(iii) Anti-trafficking Cells and Task Forces will work on both sides to prevent human trafficking.
When I look at the Africa’s vision for itself, captured so eloquently in Agenda 2063 document, I believe that our development goals and international aspirations are closely aligned.
The commitment for farmer welfare is also reflected by unprecedented decision of announcing minimum support price based on the formula of 1.5 times the cost of cultivation.
The values they retain are also being increased.
Now, the consumer knows how much tax he has paid to the state government and how much to the central government.
Let us all join hands to save our national river Ganga which is a symbol of our civilization and is an epitome of our culture and heritage!
She represents our unique trust and confidence.
The Union cabinet had approved a slew of initiatives in February 2016 to encourage digital payments and a transition to less-cash economy in a strategic manner.
One of the key components of the system is the CCTV Surveillance system for Citizen Safety.
Their husbands laid down their lives in the service of mother India.
The Prime Minister gave the example of monthly PRAGATI meetings, which had given a decisive push to many long-pending projects.
This administrative tradition has served India well in many ways.
Under India’s training programme, Mongolia is one of our largest partners.
I am privileged to visit Visakhapatnam.
We have to repair the damage that has happened.
Noting that both India and Indonesia are maritime neighbours and sea faring nations, whose relations are rooted in civilizational contacts developed through the seas and who share similar perceptions of the evolving maritime environment in the region and world at large;
A copy of the book would be presented to the family member of every martyr by CRPF formations across the country.
Here is a page in which you will find all latest news on my South Korea visit.
He said that the scientists have contributed to this effort with dedication.
6500 habitations have been connected in this Financial Year, as a result.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with the members of his Science, Technology and Innovation Advisory Council (PM-STIAC).
Ms. Riva Ganguly Das, DG ICCR
Dr. Kalam was the recipient of many national and international awards including honorary doctorates from 48 Universities from India and abroad.
The new policy regime marks a generational shift and modernization of the oil and gas exploration policy.
It is a special privilege to do so in the 25th year of democracy in Mongolia.
Through the Indian Community Welfare Fund we have assisted more than eighty thousand Indian nationals abroad/ who were in contingency situations.
c) the requirement of signing of articles of agreement by the crew before the Shipping Master will no longer be necessary.
We have successfully connected the whole world through Yoga.
16. I firmly believe that Science, Technology and Innovation are immense growth forces and will play a very significant role in our relationship.
You may be aware that when we had successfully created a place for the Mars Mission in orbit, this entire mission was planned for a duration of 6 months.
The Prime Minister was briefed extensively on critical hotspots along the stretch of the river, which generate the most pollution.
We should also adopt a Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism without any delay.
We want that under this new system you should have a bank account; your wages should be deposited directly into your bank so that payment of minimum wages is ensured.
The MoU will provide a platform to various public sector undertakings and Capital Goods Sector units to have easy access to capabilities and expertise of Steinbeis GmbH for identifying and plugging technology gaps.
These companies are participating in the Global Mobility Summit- MOVE, being held in New Delhi.
PM will lay foundation stone of Delhi – Ghaziabad – Meerut RRTS.
The Prime Minister said that the Naya Sankalp – new resolve – should be to raise India’s stature globally.
For any infant first thousand days of life is very crucial.
These are also among my priority areas in India’s development.
The MoU envisages cooperation in areas of electric power development and new energy industries such as renewable energy, smart grids and power information and technology, transmission and distribution of electric power, energy efficiency and storage system.
The fact is, when people are blessed with exemplary leadership, the might of arms pales in comparison to the collective will power of the people.
The aim of the policy is create game changing strategies for the capital goods sector.
The colonial rulers had, by design, kept the Nagas isolated and insulated.
Tropical countries have high sea surface temperatures and hence Ocean Thermal Energy Conversion (OTEC) is a good option for countries like India.
• The Leaders underscored the importance of investment in education and human resource development to empower young generations in India and Indonesia.
These are suggestions that have emerged out of a certain squeeze of life’s experiences.
Their role in nation building and advancement is paramount.
He also called for a systematic mapping and grouping of IIT alumni, so that their experience can be used in different sectors.
There will be delegation level talks with President Nazarbayev followed by the signing of documents and a joint press statement.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister explained that the e-boats would reduce pollution, provide a better experience for tourists, and save a substantial amount for the beneficiaries through lower fuel costs.
We have taken steps in the direction of curbing corruption and putting an end to the entire system of black money.
The Prime Minister also lauded this initiative as an example of India’s capabilities for high-end research and development; manufacture of sophisticated pharmaceutical products in India; and, effective Public-Private-Partnership model for finding affordable solutions to societal challenges.
The first set of copper plates is a cherished relic for the Cochini Jews in India.
Digital technology is therefore contributing to increased farm incomes.
The vote of thanks was proposed by star boxer Marykom.
The Prime Minister recalled a letter written by Shri Ramdhari Singh Dinkar in 1961, in which the poet emphasized that his native state of Bihar must forget caste-based divisions, and work towards a merit-based society.
In Mann Ki Baat, I have always remembered one sentence of Acharya Vinoba Bhave.
When I was a child we would be scared by the very mention of the word TB.
The Bill would provide for a comprehensive resolution framework for specified financial sector entities to deal with bankruptcy situation in banks, insurance companies and financial sector entities.
Excellencies, a prosperous SAARC needs the strong foundation of a secure South Asia.
In many ways, our two countries reflect the same aspirations, similar challenges and the same opportunities.
He asked officials to identify the basics of infrastructure, quality of life, and citizen-centric services that would be essential to cities of the 21st century.
He emphasized on the need to develop robust arrangements that could function amidst diversity.
My dear countrymen, I feel delighted to learn that the awareness about how to use technology, making e-payments, making online payments is spreading very fast.
Citizens too have turned out in large numbers and pledged for a neat and cleaner India.
As such, our closer cooperation in the field of maritime security occupies an important place in our overall defence and security engagement.
The updation is as per latest ICAO template keeping in view the latest developments in civil aviation sector and with an objective to improve the air connectivity between the two countries.
India is a 2 trillion dollar economy today.
He also congratulated Prime Minister on his resounding victory in the elections and wished him success in leading India in its emergence as a global power.
It is a carefully thought out approach to ensure achievement of universal health coverage for our country.
They called on the international community to end selective and partial approaches to combating terrorism and, in this regard, jointly called for the expeditious finalization and adoption of a Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism by the United Nations General Assembly.
This is a city which believes in harmony.
But the moment winter sets in, we all have experienced that we don’t like coming out of our quilts one bit.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, on his birth anniversary.
She tried to find out the details, and asked people about it.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Bihar on Bihar Diwas.
Both Prime Ministers also agreed to meet on the margins of the forthcoming East Asia Summit in Myanmar.
It will encourage cooperation in tourism policy, information exchange, interaction between tourism stakeholders, training and investments in hospitality sector and promote the importance of the tourism sector in economic development and employment generation.
I congratulate @SadhguruJV & the team of Isha Foundation for their exemplary effort to generate awareness on keeping our rivers clean.
The Prime Minister said that all countries that have Gautam Buddha, Ram, and Ramayana as part of their own culture have a bond with India that transcends diplomatic ties.
These were very inspiring incidents.
The members also gave several suggestions for the promotion of Sufi thought and culture in India.
But invite all the teachers for tea once in a month at your residence for half an hour.
He said ceasefire violations along the Line of Control were continuing.
We are aware that these trees will give us oxygen in the future, and benefit the environment.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
The Reserve Bank of India and the Central Bank of Sri Lanka have agreed to enter into a Currency Swap Agreement of US$ 1.5 billion.
This is the land where incidents from Siddharth`s life happened.
Till now as per the information that we have received, 40 countries will be represented at the Head of State, Head of Government level, the rest are being represented by senior Ministers.
I know you do it, but have you ever wondered that you can earn using this very scheme?
This 2 minutes silence is an expression of our collective resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
Many of you help a child find her way to a school and a mother access to healthcare.
A few days ago, all Pradhans from the villages of Jammu & Kashmir had come to see me.
India does not lack sporting talent, the Prime Minister asserted.
Fifty of our cities are ready for setting up Metro Rail Systems.
This is an alliance that brings together developed and developing countries, governments and industries, laboratories and institutions, in a common enterprise.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its expost-facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Kenya on cooperation in the field of National Housing Policy Development and Management (NHPDM).
In this context, the Prime Minister urged all stakeholders in Sri Lanka to engage constructively, in a spirit of partnership and mutual accommodation, towards finding a political solution that builds upon the 13th Amendment of the Sri Lankan Constitution.
They do not have adequate representation in senior management and as Force Commanders.
The length of the Ring Line is 31.55 km.
He said his Government would expand and modernize the Indian Railways.
Implementation Strategy
The Prime Minister emphasized that the first principle of the cooperative movement is to unite everyone, even while remaining anonymous.
President Ghani and I have converged on the priority of strengthening trade and transport linkages with other partners in the region.
At the invitation of the President of People’s Republic of China, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Xiamen in China’s Fujian province during September 3-5, 2017 to attend the 9th BRICS Summit.
The Prime Minister also said that he looks forward to receiving President Macron in India at his earliest convenience.
Young entrepreneurs who are planning a start-up could find a lot of opportunities in holistic healthcare.
Equally, the vast scale of India’s transformation, and our rapid economic growth, offers immense opportunities for Canada.
At Doha in 2012, the amendments to Kyoto Protocol for the 2nd commitment period (the Doha Amendment) were successfully adopted for the period 2013- 2020.
The Prime Minister asked Government officials to visualize “urban-dependent” population, in addition to “urban” population, while planning for Smart Cities.
Today, most sectors are on automatic approval route.
As two major economies in Asia, the harmonious partnership between India and China is essential for economic development and political stability of the continent.
The Ministry of Home Affairs is working on a new scheme that will merge the PIO and OCI schemes.
The Union cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Germany on Cooperation in the field of Occupational Safety and Health (OSH).
He said that the illegal accumulation of people’s money is unacceptable, and this is the basic mantra of “New Economy – New Rules.”
The Prime Minister also released the book, “The Great Himalayan Climb” on the occasion.
Our society has such characteristic that whenever any evil emerges, somebody from the society itself, start reformatory works.
I am finishing this visit in Jet speed.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India has been engaged in ensuring that processed food made in India, matches global quality standards.
PM praised Nanaji Deshmukh for his contribution to the society and said “Nanaji Deshmukh’s stellar contribution towards rural development showed the way for a new paradigm of empowering those living in our villages.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that he bows to the travellers of the Narmada Seva Yatra – and hoped that their efforts would bear fruit that serves India, and the poorest of the poor.
Parents also raise their children in a very protective manner.
The employees of the Company will be offered attractive VRS/VSS.
Ongoing works of National Highways
The winter session of parliament gets underway today.
He has dwelt upon several issues close to the hearts of the people such as Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, promotion of khadi, skill development, scholarship for disabled children, infrastructure for educational institutions, menace of drugs and the issues related to farmers.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
Because the future I dream for India is the future I wish for our entire region.
The New York leg of my visit will also cover important elements of our bilateral relations with the United States.
“Best wishes to sports enthusiasts and tributes to Major Dhyan Chand on National Sports Day.
Our scientists are also collaborating on developing more nutritious and hardy varieties of pulses.
This will provide additional comfort to investors and businesses.
The guidelines provide for advance preparatory action to be taken by administrative Ministry/ Department and CPSEs, preparation of closure proposal, settlement of statutory and other liabilities of the CPSE under closure and modalities for disposal of movable and immovable assets of such CPSEs in a time bound manner.
Ujjwala Yojna for Clean Energy, Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojna for Financial Inclusion reflect this spirit.
You can be Muslims, Hindus and Sikhs.
Speaking in Hindi and English, he said such gatherings reinforce the identity of overseas Indians as the members of one family with shared history and culture.
In his address, the Prime Minister paid homage to former Governor of Sikkim, Shri Rama Rao.
“Today what I see as the biggest challenge facing the education is that it has come to focus solely on examinations.
He said that remembering and honouring our heroes, helps strengthen our feeling of integration.
In the current financial year, the Union Government has approved Rs. 600 crore as central share of SDRF.
Therefore, he added, “first and foremost we should aim at a high rate of growth.”
A progressive partnership in all these areas would shape the scope of my conversation with Prime Minister Netanyahu.
You may be aware that in America, the US Postal Service has released a special postage stamp on Deepawali this time.
This will enable efficient access of finance and introduce latest technology in port operation.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings on the occasion of Navroz.
The above four Bills have been earlier approved by the GST Council after thorough, clause by clause, discussion over 12 meetings of the Council held in the last six months.
This longing throbs in the core of every human heart.
I hope that we will enrich and take advantage of this forum.
Can our farmers, the sons of our soil make a resolve that by the year 2022, when we complete 75 year of our independence, they will cut down the urea usage to half of what is being used presently?
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban).
I was thinking that this might not be known to the BHU people but you know it very well.
Thus we should strive to retain as much water as possible.
I have always believed that the Divyangs are our asset and the Nation owes it to them to empower them.
We are happy with our decision and that resources are going to the right place.
Signing of the Agreement will help both countries in encouraging and facilitating development of their maritime relationship and cooperation in the task of enhancing and stimulating steady growth of maritime traffic.
But we are all eager to listen to him.
He said that he has been informed that loans worth Rs. 2000 crore are likely to be disbursed during this event.
Present FDI regime permits 49% FDI participation in the equity of a company under automatic route.
He emphasized that people in the cities must decide about the development of their urban spaces, adding that these decisions cannot be taken in Delhi.
Brothers and Sisters, I had talked about a campaign from the same place- “Beti Bachao-Beti Padhao”.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi had exhorted people to pledge for leading healthier lifestyle to overcome diabetes, on the World Diabetes Day.
To understand the virtues of patriotism, sacrifice and perseverance, one doesn’t need to revert to historical events.
624 MW Kiru Hydroelectric project and 850 Megawatt Ratle Hydro Electric project in Kishtwar inaugurated
But, it is false.
Qatar is an important trading partner of India.
• Progress of School Toilet Programme, and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan
Further, both Centre and States should make efforts towards eradication of manual scavenging activity through strict enforcement of the Prohibition of Employment as Manual Scavengers and Their Rehabilitation Act, 2013.
2. As the Foundation received only Rs. 36.80 Lakhs between December 2008 and March 2015 as donation from overseas Indian community, a comprehensive review of IDF-OI was undertaken in 2015.
I congratulate the friends in All India Radio too for making their contribution in our foreign policy also.
Cooperation between India and Russia spans across the whole gamut of sectors and rests on the fundamental pillars of political and strategic cooperation, military and security cooperation, cooperation in the spheres of economy, energy, industry, science and technology, and cultural and humanitarian cooperation.
A lot of politics has happened on poverty.
ASEAN leaders are also deeply honoured to be invited as chief guests at tomorrow’s 69th Republic Day Parade.
He said the Government of India would provide Rs. 8000 crore additional funding for road projects in the state.
His life, struggle and contribution to the creation of Bangladesh will continue to inspire future generations.
The Army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers.
He said the State Government is serious about fulfilling the promises made to farmers, women and youth.
7. listing of Regulated Deposit Schemes in the Bill, with a clause enabling the Central Government to expand or prune the list.
He said that it is his privilege that he got to work with Shri Pranab Mukherjee.
At Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul’s ultra-modern Chocolate Plant.
My thoughts are with his family and supporters in this hour of grief”, the Prime Minister said.
• India has also jumped 16 places on the World Economic Forum’s global competitive index.
He laid foundation stone for North East Gas Grid.
He said India`s art touched the soul of a human being.
We agreed on China setting up two industrial parks in India – in Maharashtra and Gujarat.
He said that now 1.25 lakh rupees is reaching the beneficiary’s account in four instalments, easily.
The same applies here.
He added that once infrastructure is in place, development and quality of life improves.
The Prime Minister suggested that the next few years till 2019 could be observed as “urban theme years,” with a different theme or aspect of urban development being addressed each year.
We agree to intensify our efforts to realise the objectives and purposes of BIMSTEC as outlined in the 1997 Bangkok Declaration, and reaffirm that BIMSTEC has considerable potential for economic and social development through mutually beneficial cooperation in the identified priority areas.
This enormous talent pool in India benefits from the ecosystem created by initiatives such as Digital India and Startup India, and by supportive policies, incentives and funding programmes.
The Prime Minister said that the feeling of “cleanliness being our responsibility”, needs to be inculcated among all.
The Prime Minister reiterated India’s abiding support for a unified, sovereign, democratic, peaceful, stable and prosperous Afghanistan.
36. The Sides acknowledged the potential for mutually beneficial cooperation in the energy sector, and encouraged their companies to consider a wide range of opportunities for cooperation, including long-term contracts, joint ventures and acquisitions of energy assets in both countries as well as possible cooperation in third countries.
The Prime Minister condoled the loss of life of Japanese citizens in the terror attack in Dhaka earlier this month.
Our vision is to increase port capacity from 1400 million tonnes to 3000 million tonnes by 2025.
When the money is spent in the proper manner then it creates the facilities for providing good schools, good teachers to the children of a poor person.
He extensively walked around the entire temple complex, where significant reconstruction works are in progress.
In addition, the two countries resolved to work to adopt an HFC amendment in 2016 with increased financial support from donor countries to the Multilateral Fund to help developing countries with implementation, and an ambitious phasedown schedule, under the Montreal Protocol pursuant to the Dubai Pathway.
Dr. Ambedkar had said with foresight that it is “unreasonable to centralise powers where central control and uniformity is not clearly essential or is impracticable”.
With a view to achieving the target of 2500 crore digital transactions during the current financial year, the Prime Minister will also announce about 75 townships spread all over India as ‘less-cash townships’.
As someone who has been Chief Minister for thirteen years and Prime Minister for one, this forum has a special place in my heart.
And, from this forum, in this land of Gandhi,
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that farmers get modern seeds, adequate power supply, and easy market access.
This airport in Jharsuguda is well located to serve the needs of the people of Odisha, the Prime Minister said.
So we will live and struggle for India.
Your success is as important for the region as it is for the world.
From your moving contribution to the freedom struggle to the thriving richness of your culture, India lives in your heart.
He asked IITs to search for innovations that people may have developed in their neighbourhood, and which could serve as inspiration for path-breaking changes.
This will facilitate optimal utilisation of spectrum by introducing new technologies, sharing and trading of spectrum.
The United States also remains committed, with other developed countries, to the goal of jointly mobilizing $100 billion per year by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries in the context of meaningful mitigation and adaptation action.
If the State(s) fails to claim this amount before 30thNovember in the financial year, then, these funds will become a part of the common pool, which will be released to the high performing States, which have already pre-financed the requisite Government of India share on a first come first serve basis.
There used to be ambiguity regarding the area of the flat.
You will not find such a free and growing market anywhere in the world.
The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) will also increase effectiveness in border security co-operation and best practices sharing.
He added that the Government accords priority to the development of Eastern India and with complete electrification, now Eastern India can play an even bigger role in India’s development journey.
Species belonging to the animal kingdom, usually do not act to their disadvantage.
He said the Government is focusing on clean energy generation in a big way, through solar radiation, wind and biomass.
Prime Minister will also attend ‘Mission Innovation’ hosted by the President of United States.
In the previous ‘Mann Ki Baat’, some people had suggested to me that food was being wasted; not only had I expressed my concern but mentioned it too.
We also have shared concerns at the spread of forces of instability, radicalism and terror in our region.
The event will showcase the achievements of Swachh Bharat and the recently conducted Swachh Sunder Shauchalay, (neat and clean toilet) – a unique and first of its kind in the world campaign.
65% of Indians are under the age of 35.
Will Pune people help me, yes or no?
Any increase in yields due to an increased demand for loanable funds in the market from Centre and States combined would be marginal.
He reiterated that by 2022, when we mark 75 years of freedom, no Indian should be homeless; and the home must have proper facilities too.
Projects like Mumbai-Ahmedabad High Speed Rail and Dedicated Freight Corridors reflect the high level and strength of our economic engagement.
The experts appreciated the unique initiative of this kind of a dialogue, which brings various stakeholders together on policy matters.
6. Tobacco Control; and
Government intends to develop industrial corridors and smart cities to provide infrastructure based on state-of-the-art technology with modern high-speed communication and integrated logistic arrangements.
The progress of the scheme is also within the purview of the target.
Lord Jagannath always bless us and I wish people of Odisha to touch the height of progress in coming days.”
In a reform to eliminate corruption in government recruitments, we have abolished interviews for lower and middle level positions.
He also presented the President’s police medals for distinguished service.
The Prime Minister called for laying down parameters to assess the performance of CSIR labs; and a mechanism whereby there could be internal competition among various labs.
The “anti-profiteering” measures enshrined in the GST law provide an institutional mechanism to ensure that the full benefits of input tax credits and reduced GST rates on supply of goods or services flow to the consumers.
On the basis of recommendations of the GoM and other pressing requirements, MoRTH introduced the Motor Vehicle (Amendment) Bill 2016 for consideration of the Cabinet.
Our growth rate in the last year was 7.3%.
We should think ambitiously of what we can do in Renewal Energy and Energy efficiency.
I keenly await the opportunity to meet the Indian American Community at the Madison Square Garden in New York.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for formation of 100% owned C Corporation of Telecommunications Consultants India Ltd.
Here he will lay the foundation stone of North East Gas Grid which will ensure uninterrupted availability of natural gas across the region and boost industrial growth in the region.
Our Government is committed to TB elimination by 2025.
Dileep Singh Malviya is an elderly artisan from Bhojpura village in Sehore district of Madhya Pradesh.
PM in Arunachal Pradesh
“On the occasion of their Statehood Day, I convey my greetings to the people of Nagaland.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is sensitive to the needs and concerns of the farmers.
It offers services to stakeholders in the field of corporate laws, corporate governance, CSR, accounting standards, investor education, etc.
Speaking on the occasion, he urged people to send their messages to soldiers on Diwali.
He did something so different that the newspapers printed his story.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Outstanding debt of DISCOMs has increased from about Rs. 2.4 lakh crore in 2011-12 to about Rs. 4.3 lakh crore in 2014-15, with interest rates upto14-15%.
The Netherlands hosts the second largest Indian community in Europe.
Some are associated with pisciculture, animal husbandry, poultry or bee-keeping.
In a major move to empower the Ministries and Departments, the Prime Minister today decided to abolish all the existing nine Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoMs) and twenty-one Groups of Ministers (GoMs).
“On 23rd September 2015 I will visit Ireland.
4. The Prime Minister of India appreciated the measures taken by the Government of Myanmar towards peace and national reconciliation and commended the on-going peace process of the Government of Myanmar.
Imagine 125 crore Indians, observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 A.M. on January 30.
He played a pivotal role in helping India win Hockey Gold Medals in Olympic Games of 1928, 1932 and 1936.
It is a partnership beyond strategic concerns and economic benefits.
The revised model BIT will be used for re-negotiation of existing BITs and negotiation of future BITs and investment chapters in Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreements (CECAs)/ Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreements (CEPAs) / Free Trade Agreements (FTAs).
I am a firm believer in the power of technology and social media to communicate with people across the world.
Sasakawa India Leprosy Foundation (SILF) is a charitable institution dedicated to the task of mainstreaming leprosy affected and cured people through economic and social empowerment.
(iii) Bengaluru Mumbai Economic Corridor (BMEC):- State Government of Karnataka has identified Dharwad Node for Development.
“Birthday greetings to Dr. Murli Manohar Joshi.
Nearly 200 million Ru-pay cards were issued for easy cash-less transactions.
You have “made a habit of achieving the impossible,” the Prime Minister said.
(v) Vizag Chennai Industrial Corridor (VCIC):- In compliance of the commitment made by the Central Government in the Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act, 2014, it was decided by the Department of Economic Affairs, Government of India that Asian Development Bank (ADB) which had been getting a feasibility study done in r/o East Coast Economic Corridor (ECEC) will also take up the study of VCIC as Phase I of ECEC.
Moving from credit to investment, net foreign direct investment in the third quarter of the current financial year was an all-time record.
It was mostly played at the threshold of the courts of emperors and kings.
Climate change is a major global challenge.
Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the mission of Swacchh Bharat forward.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Visitors’ Conference at Rashtrapati Bhavan tomorrow.
Even hair dressers change hair style fashions of their clients.
The Prime Minister also laid the foundation stone for four laning of Solapur – Maharashtra / Karnataka Border Section of NH-9.
India is now the next frontier of the economic revolution.
During the interaction with the Prime Minister, the children thanked the Prime Minister for introducing the new series of coins.
A Working Group will be set up to further elaborate the details of cooperation and to oversee the implementation of this MoU.
5. The compensation amount will be given subject to the condition that no employment has been provided to any of the family members of the victims by State or Central Government.
With this belief, my best wishes to you all.
Closing ceremony of PBD will be held tomorrow on January 23, 2019 where President RamnathKovind will confer PravasiBharatiyaSamman to select overseas Indians for their contributions.
These included trade fairs; agriculture research; railway research; digital initiative; energy efficient technologies; cooperation between states, cities and local bodies; promoting films and sports exchange.
Kumbh Mela is also a huge medium of self discovery, where every visitor experiences a unique feeling and learns to look at the worldly things from a spiritual perspective.
President Obama thanked Prime Minister Modi for his government’s support for the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency (DPAA) missions in India, including a recovery mission that resulted in the recent repatriation of remains of the United States Service Members missing since the Second World War.
And therefore, we will meet major business leaders of both the countries in a short while from now.
The revised Cost Estimate is Rs. 13,990 crore for establishment of eight new IITs over a period of 11 years from 2008-09 to 2018-19.
May his soul rest in peace”, the Prime Minister said.
He said that if we perceive our human body to be a unique creation, then Yoga is similar to a “user manual” that made one aware of the immense capabilities of that creation.
In India, Nature has always been treated as Mother.
I am sure you are eagerly waiting for the match between India and Australia this evening.
No region in the world embodies so much dynamism or faces so many challenges as the region spanning the Indian Ocean, continental Asia and Pacific Ocean.
This policy will enable the realization of prospective hydrocarbon reserves in the existing Contract Areas which otherwise would remain unexplored and unexploited.
He credited him with ending the superstition associated with Noida, by coming to this city.
PM to felicitate lucky winners of 1 crore, 50 lakh, 25 lakh embracing digital payments
The currents of kinship and commerce, scholarship and science tie our countries together.
Several PSUs also provide pension benefits.
We were later joined by 35 business leaders from both sides for a working lunch.
The latter work, in addition to offering much linguistic information, describes the life, farming methods, and beliefs of the Bihar peasantry.
The implementation of Integrated Command and Control Centres is gathering pace across India.
We reiterated our commitment to continue our efforts in Mongolia.
Every citizen and people’s organizations have a big responsibility.
He said that Harivansh ji hails from Ballia, a land which has been linked with the freedom struggle, right from the 1857 war of independence.
He said India had sought permission to announce its INDCs (Intended Nationally Determined Contributions) on October 2nd, Gandhi Jayanti, though the deadline is October 1st.
EXIM Bank will identify viable projects in India.
Cabinet has also approved the provision of funds of Rs. 420 crore for the first phase expenditure towards establishment of the Central Tribal University.
This would cover both slum housing and affordable housing for weaker sections.
To meet this goal, in October last year,महात्मा गाँधी की जन्म दिवस पर, I had the honour of inaugurating the Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra in New Delhi.
People born in the year 2000 or later; those born in the 21st century will gradually begin to become eligible voters from the 1st of January, 2018.
At the same time, the average rate of inflation at 4.6 per cent is the lowest for any Indian government since 1991 when India began its process for liberalization.”
Kashipur (Uttarakhand) under possession of Nepa Limited, Nepanagar to Government of Uttarkhand.
For, it is from here that the Chishti Silsila or Chishti tradition of Sufism came to India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe, on victory in the snap polls held on Sunday.
They want to join the whole world on the path of development, he added.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for International Association of Marine Aids to Navigation and Lighthouse Authorities (IALA) to change its status from Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) to Inter-Governmental Organization (IGO).
Mr. Luis Miguel Etchevehere, Secretary, Agro Industry
In order to benefit fully from yoga, to understand yoga in its entirety, we must understand who is a yogi.
Rabindranath, O Aurobindo, bows to thee!
Both leaders agreed to deepen and strengthen the bilateral ties based on shared principles and values of democracy, freedom, rule of law and respect for human rights.
He will also inaugurate the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex, Rani Gaidinliu Park, and other development projects.
I am deeply honoured by the invitation to address this Joint Meeting of the U.S. Congress.
5. The two leaders discussed the security situation prevailing along their borders and expressed concern at various incidents of terrorism and extremist-inspired violence that have taken place in their respective territories.
An amount of Rs. 934.32 crore has been released to the State under the National Disaster Response Fund (NDRF), after adjustments of the State balances.
Honourable Leader of the Opposition, Mr. Nimal Siripala De Silva,
Shri Modi also wished a speedy recovery to those injured in the accident.
This was a huge moment of pride in itself and I am happy for the fact that I started ‘Beti Bachao Beti Padhao’ from Haryana where as the sex-ratio worsened.
That is why we are working to improve your connectivity by land and sea, including through Chahbahar in Iran.
For the first time, we have invited leaders of 54 African countries to participate in the India-Africa Forum Summit.
We have also seen such teachers who care more for their pupils than for themselves.
Our achievements give us pride, but they do not blind us to the enormous challenges that we face in India.
This has been a very rewarding visit.
As per Article 279A (4), the Council will make recommendations to the Union and the States on important issues related to GST, like the goods and services that may be subjected or exempted from GST, model GST Laws, principles that govern Place of Supply, threshold limits, GST rates including the floor rates with bands, special rates for raising additional resources during natural calamities/disasters, special provisions for certain States, etc.
2. We remember Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Patel, Pandit Nehru, countless people who sacrificed their lives so that we attained Swarajya.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
The Government also liberalized India’s FDI rules across multiple sectors to facilitate investment in India.
He emphasized that all of us have the strength to try and ward off these evils, and make this nation great.
The governments of both India and Portugal are focusing on promoting Start-ups.
Table – List of cities for Lucky Grahak Scheme draws till February 1, 2017.
He said terrorism is globally networked, but we still act only nationally to counter this threat.
The MoU would result in setting up a Joint Working Group with members from ISRO and UAESA, which will further work out the plan of action including the time-frame and the means of implementing this MoU.
They will begin their voyage today from Goa, and expect to return to Goa in March 2018, after completing the circumnavigation.
What kind of adverse impact it will have on the health of my poor mothers and sisters?
a) Lucky Grahak Yojana [Consumers]:
Education always had a special place in our tradition.
He said Kashmir wants peace and the people of Kashmir want to earn more through tourism.
I have no idea about the administration and working of this place.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of Ministry of Railways to move a Resolution in both the Houses of Parliament adopting Railway Convention Committee (2014)’s recommendations that for the year 2016-17, purely as a one-time move, the Rate of Dividend payable by Railways to the General Revenues be waived off.
This increased disposable income in the hands of a poor family would lead to increased demand in the economy.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has given good wishes to people of Myanmar on their Independence Day.
In this context, he gave the example of Mary Kom, who is winning gold medals even as she is Member of Parliament.
S Aishwarya and S Saundarya, great grand-daughters of Bharat Ratna M.S. Subbulakshmi, today called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, along with their parents, V Shrinivasan and Geetha Shrinivasan.
Today, four large states of India – West Bengal, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Rajasthan – are headed by democratically elected women.
This arrangement will have a positive precautionary effect, help countries forestall short-term liquidity pressures, promote further BRICS cooperation, strengthen the global financial safety net and complement existing international arrangements.
The Ennore LNG terminal with a capacity of 5 MMTPA will help in meeting the LNG gas demand in Tamil Nadu and neighboring States
The interaction lasted nearly three hours, and covered various areas of mutual interest including smart cities, skill development, clean energy etc.
We place high emphasis on energy efficiency, water re-cycling, waste to energy, clean India and river cleaning.
However, this is the mentality of some Shalya mentality people that even this reform doesn’t seem big to them since it was not done during that time, and it could not be carried out by a government liked by them
I was very encouraged by the interaction at the business roundtable yesterday that I chaired with Prime Minister Massimov.
• Initiate a multi-stake holder Innovation Partnership for a Sustainable Future, underpinning our mutual commitment todrive prosperity and growth and address societal challenges such as climate change and sustainable development through innovation.
Pays homage at Gandhi Statue in Parliament Square, London.
It’s not a protocol but a state attained after persistent penance.
He said that by visiting the memorial, he wanted to send out a message that the world should change its perception about India – a country which can make sacrifices for others.
And, we are making products that are finding their way into the global market.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Rajasthan tomorrow, 29th August 2017.
Prime Minister has sanctioned an ex-gratia of Rs.2 lakh each to the next of kin of the deceased and Rs.50,000/- each to the seriously injured from the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund.
Both Prime Ministers underscored the importance they attach to the G20.
If it isn’t talked about, it isn’t seen as reform.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Tourism, Government of the Republic of India and the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
• Cooperation in the development of automation and implementation of modernization projects
Six MoUs have already been signed in this direction.
Share thoughts and ideas for the programme on MyGov Open Forum https://mygov.in/group-issue/give-your-inputs-prime-ministers-mann-ki-baat/“,the Prime Minister said.
He said, “We believe that every problem can be solved through Spirituality”.
20. I appeal to youth of the country that the poison of casteism, communalism or sectarianism is a hindrance to country’s progress.
The Prime Minister was given an overview of the work done by CSIR in addressing national challenges, and its recognition as a major Indian innovator.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Mumbai on 11th August, 2018.
However we choose to reconcile them, to me something is obvious:
When we had difficulties they came forward to solve our problems and in a way today both the central government and the state government have been working shoulder to shoulder with full dedication to realise the dreams of Bihar and you can see the results.
Today, technology is advancing citizen empowerment and democracy that once drew their strength from Constitutions.
Thank you and wish you all the best.
The new scheme ‘Ayushman Bharat’, presented in the budget, will address this serious concern.
The Prime Minister said the solution to all problems is through development.
The website enables people to get in touch with the Prime Minister.
Without your support, this event could not have seen eight biennial chapters; each better and bigger than the earlier one.
The Department has called for a review of the existing requirement of affidavits and attestation by Gazetted Officers, and replacement by self-certification.
Be it any religion, caste or creed, tradition or colour in this world; the spirit of service is an invaluable hallmark of the highest human values.
Belief in making the world a better place.
(i) the Establishment of Food Legumes Research Platform (FLRP) at Amlaha, Sehore, Madhya Pradesh with Satellite Hubs in West Bengal (for pulses) and Rajasthan (for Natural Resource Management) by ICARDA in the second phase; by International Center for Agricultural Research in Dry Areas (ICARDA);
Under the new UK-India Skills pledge, 11 UK companies have committed to support skills development in India.
I believe that today’s new generation is capable of eliminating these social evils.
The existing colleges will help familiarise the farmers with new techniques, thereby contributing to the production and productivity of agriculture in the region.
The Agreement also provides for duty free transit of Bhutanese merchandise for trade with third countries.
People of Prayagraj are also very enthusiastic about the Kumbh.
the Stand-up India programme for Dalits, Adivasis and Women,
And, in a globally mobile world, one incident can claim citizens of many nations.
The move comes in the backdrop of huge demand of export of pharmaceuticals, poultry products and horticulture products in Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh.
An amount of Rs. 9046.17 crore will be expended for three years commencing from 2017-18.
This has provided 800 million health screening check-ups, and free referral treatment to 20 million children, in the last four years.
This figure shows the enthusiasm and inclination of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards the self employment.
If I want your help, the help of youth of my country, then I want your help for setting this country free from this corruption which is like a termite.
The event was organized in Hajipur.
The salient features of the approval Framework for Consolidation of Public Sector Banks are as follows:
We seek to fuel our growth with the cleanest and most efficient use of energy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Myanmar in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval to the proposal of the Ministry of Culture for setting up of a National Memorial at Lala Ka Tola, Sitab, Diara, District Chhapra (Saran) in Bihar – the birth place of Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Narayan.
The meeting was attended by the Finance Minister Shri Arun Jaitley, the Minister of State for Planning Shri Rao Inderjit Singh, the Vice Chairman NITI Aayog Shri Arvind Panagariya, and senior officers from the Union Government and NITI Aayog.
The time I spent with him was memorable.
In doing so, we shall not only strengthen the spirit of cooperative federalism and Centre-State relations, but also secure a better future for our citizens.
In his literary pursuit, Dr. Kalam’s books – “Wings of Fire”, “India 2020 -A Vision for the New Millennium”, “My journey” and “Ignited Minds -Unleashing the power within India” became household names in India and abroad.
Many individuals taking initiative on their own behalf shared innovative ideas, held discussions, conducted poetry recitals.
The Prime Minister said that institutions such as Visva Bharati University have a key role to play in the creation of a New India by 2022.
The Programme will also meet the launch requirement of satellites for Earth observation, Navigation and Space Sciences.
He expressed hope for peace, tranquility and harmony in their countries and in the region during this month of piety and prayers.
The Prime Minister said that his experience had been that Government functionaries and the common man, think alike, and if given the right atmosphere, the Government machinery can deliver results for the common man.
Friends, we should dream big.
We expressed support for a more active and productive Indian Ocean Rim Association.
Similarly transferring the subsidy, scholarship, etc directly into the bank accounts of the beneficiaries have saved Rs.1 lakh crore in leakages, he added.
PM Narendra Modi shared his vision for the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana on it’s launch.
India and Nepal have started a new era of cooperation in energy; and, India and Bhutan are making those ties stronger by the day.
He enthralled the crowd with his Bhojpuri dialect and announced that Mauritius will organise the first International Bhojpuri festival.
His noble thoughts, teachings & fight against injustice always inspire”, the Prime Minister said.
In this mega festival of faith, veneration of the rising sun and worship of the setting sun convey a message that is replete with unparalleled Sanskar.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the Malayali community at the start of Chingam, the first month of the Malayalam New Year.
We have constructed new warehouses to preserve 15 lakhs tons of food grains.
The hydropower sector is currently going through a challenging phase and the share of hydropower in the total capacity has declined from 50.36% in the 1960s to around 13% in 2018-19.
Greater Noida also mainly depends on road linkages for intra city traffic and connection with Noida and Delhi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today reviewed the status of GST, which is to be implemented from July 1.
With increasing Bilateral Investment Treaty (BIT) disputes, issuance of such statements is likely to have strong persuasive value before tribunals.
Everyone expresses their expectations; just keep listening, but stick to your point and make an effort to do something even better.
India, the land of your heritage, has remarkable achievements since Independence.
• Letter of Exchange for establishing Pancheswor Development Authority
An EPFO Mobile App has been launched for easier access to its services for both workers and employers.
Hanaya trained hard in Karate with perseverance & fervor, studied its nuances and proved herself.
I also hope to have an opportunity to visit the renovated Stor palace someday.
These challenges include: Availability of excellent quality and globally recognized arbitrators; Observance of professional conduct, ensuring neutrality, and timely completion of proceedings; and, Cost effective arbitration proceedings.
• We are making the taxation system transparent, stable and predictable.
In this context he mentioned the innovation partnership with Sweden, and a similar initiative with Israel.
The first, of 141 million US dollars for electricity lines.
The Guidelines issued by the Department of Public Enterprises (DPE) and Ministry of Finance (MoF) from time to time, which are uniformly applicable to all Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs) will be applicable for the DPSUs to set up JV companies now.
Our earnest effort is to empower the farmer, provide machinery and resources to double his income.
Some days ago India won two fine matches against Pakistan and Bangladesh.
He acknowledged his own teachers, who had instilled in him the values that enable him to keep the student in him alive till today.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people of Bhutan on their National Day.
The Department of Revenue in consultation with the Legislative Department has amended the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988.
In the last decade, a number of countries have adopted the market mechanism for spectrum assignment.
In 1942, Subhash Babu established Azad Hind Radio and through it he used to communicate with soldiers of the Indian National Army and other countrymen.
He referred to the Union Government’s initiatives such as “Make in India”, emphasis on infrastructure, opening up of FDI in various sectors, and commitments towards 50 million new houses by 2022 and 175 GigaWatts of renewable energy.
Yet, we wanted to achieve this in months, not years that conventional wisdom suggested.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condoled the loss of lives in the States of Meghalaya and Assam.
This will help people from poorer strata of the society to have access to a quality public transport system.
As two developing countries we also decided to move on infrastructure development two-way investment flows leveraging our respective capabilities.
i. Promote experience sharing on policies and regulations related to FinTech;
India will introduce this vaccine in a phased manner.
In less than a decade, our trade has more than doubled to over 70 billion dollars.
(ii). The integration of renewable energy into the grid;
The MoU provides for exchange of information on resources, laws and policy, organization of seminars to exchange views on development strategies, encouragement of transfer of technologies between the two countries, promotion of value addition, which will enable taking up of activities like documentation and dissemination etc.
Similarly, incidence of TB per 100000 population also been reduced from 289 in 2000 to 247 in 2010 and to 217 in 2015.
The Prime Minister said he was happy to note that a large number of people from South Bihar were present at the function, because the Institute whose foundation was being laid today would serve that region as well.
He said less than 3000 villages are now left to be electrified.
We are delighted that the Afghan National Cricket Team has found its home ground near Delhi and is practicing for next year’s World Cup.
The delegation members said that the spread of terrorism in the name of Islam, represents a danger to peace all over the world, and there is urgent need to take action to marginalize the forces which are promoting “Jihad” for social, economic or political considerations.
This MahaVishuba Sankranti may all your wishes come true.
The MoU aims for exchange of expertise and networking of information.
He said India’s poor seek prosperity, and the world seeks spirituality from India.
The Prime Minister said it is the good fortune of people living in India, that we have the opportunity to follow, understand and learn so many different religions, and strands of thought, at one place.
Brothers and sisters, in this year’s budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
Our target was to complete 99 irrigation projects of the country that were stuck midway for years by 2019.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of key infrastructure projects in the Railway, Road, Power, Telecommunication and Agri-Infrastructure sectors, spread over several states including Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Jharkhand, Odisha, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.
States are now in healthy competition to provide ease of business and infrastructure linkages.
This is what you are looking for.
He briefed Prime Minister on the steps his government is taking for rehabilitation and reconstruction in Nepal following the earthquakes in April and May 2015.
The Prime Minister said that on the economic front, in the last three to four years, India has lent strength to global economic growth as well.
PM to lay foundation stone of 30,000 houses under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Underground Sewerage System and Sewage Treatment Plants to be unveiled
We are opening up our Greenfield and Brownfield projects for Public Private Partnership.
My prayers with the injured.
These cinlude two closed urea units of Fertilizer Corporation India Limited (FCIL) at Sindri (Jharkhand) and Gorakhpur (Uttar Pradesh) and Barauni (Bihar) unit of Hindustan Fertilizers Corporation Limited (HFCL).
• 100% FDI under automatic route for Single Brand Retail Trading
A Joint Working Group on Public Administration and Governance Reforms will be responsible for implementation of the MoU.
Two new locomotive factories involving an investment of over 5 billion dollars are being built in Bihar, by GE and Alstom.
The Prime Minister said that the maximum benefit of enhanced infrastructure will be for the middle class, and the medium enterprises of the country.
It draws its strength as much through our interconnected values of Buddhism as it does from the limitless possibilities of our shared future.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today complimented and thanked all sections of the Lok Sabha, for the consensus which led to the unanimous election of Shri Thambi Durai as Deputy Speaker.
And it is a matter of happiness for us that both the countries are collaborating successfully on the subject of mother and child health through “Norway-India Partnership Initiative.”
