The train is expected to significantly reduce travel time between the two cities.
He added that they have worked to the best of their ability for the brighter future of the nation.
The leaders also committed to enhance cooperation in support of the Government of India’s Make in India Initiative and expand the co-production and co-development of technologies under the Defense Technology and Trade Initiative (DTTI).
He said the current time can be described as a golden period when India is full of self-confidence.
Residents of the village Taudhakpur in Rae Bareilly, village chief, District Magistrate, CDO and every one joined in to create awareness amongst the masses.
These cultural bonds reflect themselves in many ways.
He said nature is now indicating that options such as solar, wind and water, offer more sustainable energy solutions.
Next year, to commemorate the seventy years of establishment of our diplomatic relations, we will celebrate Festival of India in Thailand, and Festival of Thailand in India.
The Indian Diaspora in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral ties.
Strengthening the people-to-people ties will also be an my endeavour during the Vietnam visit.
He said that besides the sugar sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
This inspires towards economic cleanliness also.
Government of India has taken up a goal of quantum shift in Online delivery of Government Services across the country.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the 10 health and wellness centres inaugurated today.
The Scheme aims at completion of the on-going projects already approved under FMP.
I am looking forward to taking part in the centenary celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram.
Digital payments including direct transfer of government benefits is now under full implementation.
My greetings to everyone celebrating these auspicious festivals!
Keeping this in view we have launched two far-reaching initiatives- Ujjwala and Saubhagya.
It also signals our joint commitment to build pathways of partnership for green growth.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today offered prayers, at Kashi Vishwanath Temple in Varanasi.
I see the development of India and China as an unprecedented opportunity, for our two countries and for the whole world.
A light and sound show is also shown there which is very inspiring.
It is you who have to shape your own future.
But whenever I look at the overall outcome of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, it reinforces my belief, that it is intrinsically, inseparably woven into the warp & weft of our common citizens’ lives, cent per cent.
b. Provide academic interaction by imparting training to AtoN personnel; and
On Ravidas Jayanti, Prime Minister paid homage to Shri Guru Ravidas.
The MoU on Defence Cooperation, signed earlier today, will help steer our defence engagements in the right direction.
For example in Automobile sector, The National electric mobility mission aims for affordable and efficient Electric Vehicles.
He said the Anganwadi workers have a key role to play in this regard.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
Within four years, we have brought Delhi to the doorsteps of North-East.
Subsequently, a India’s son and great scientist Dr Jagdish Chandra Bose had also proved it before the world.
The Government of India has so far signed bilateral Agreements on Transfer of Sentenced Persons with United Kingdom, Mauritius, Bulgaria, France, Egypt, Sri Lanka, Cambodia, South Korea, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Bangladesh, Brazil, Israel, Bosnia & Herzegovina, UAE, Italy, Turkey, Maldives-, Thailand, Russian Federation, Kuwait, Viet Nam, Australia, Hong Kong, Qatar, Mongolia, Kazakhstan and Bahrain.
BHIM Aadhaar App for digital transaction has come as a surprise to the world.
The One Time Settlement (OTS) terms include complete waiver of interest and settle on principal amount of Rs. 305.63 crore in settlement of all pari-passu collateral held by them.
Over the last one year, over 1.04 crore youth have been trained under the Mission.
About 6 crore women have joined the self-help groups under the Din Dayal Antayoday scheme and more than Rs. 75000 crore of loans have been provided to such self-help groups.
Financial Outlay:
They welcomed the signing of an agreement on labour cooperation for recruitment of General Category Workers.
Thus, paving the way for large scale modernisation and ensure world class infrastructure.
One international organisation has reported that during the last two years, 5 crore poor people have crossed the poverty line.
As President Uhuru said, they are proud Kenyans even as they cherish their Indian roots.
In infrastructure and connectivity, transport and energy, we are poised to scale up our cooperation.
Shri Vijay Gokhale, Secretary (ER)
Under Bharatmala a detailed project report for Mumbai Kanyakumari Corridor is under preparation.
IPPB will offer a range of products such as savings and current accounts, money transfer, direct benefit transfers, bill and utility payments, and enterprise and merchant payments.
Over a century ago, the heroic labour connected Uganda to the shores of the Indian Ocean through railway.
I found in President Lukashenku matching enthusiasm and desire to scale up our partnership for the benefit of our people.
Implementation strategy:
I respectfully pay my homage to all these brave soldiers, I bow to them.
We want it to become a symbol of the global migration, experiences, struggles, achievements and aspirations of the Indian Diaspora .
The great stalwart like them have given such strength to the country, which is unique and incomparable.
• More than 34,000 AK 47 Rifles were seized.
The Prime Minister said that the need for the Global Housing Technology Challenge, was felt in the light of rapid urbanization in India.
This is an exciting universe in which competitiveness and cooperation co-exist.
Besides sports, he mentioned the school results of Class 10 and 12; and women space scientists who have played a key role in prestigious ISRO missions.
They have especially been told to proactively resolve the problems in rural and remote areas.
Many times, those using fake five hundred and thousand rupee notes have been caught and many such notes have been seized.
They expressed confidence that the CEP would also promote cultural exchanges between the North Eastern States of India and the bordering areas of Myanmar.
And it’s not in words but in actual achievement.
His teachings are eternal and are relevant for people of all sections of society.
It provides an opportunity to identify study and deliver international environmental research priorities, for the society, in an accelerated way through trans­national research collaboration between natural and social scientists and alignment of international resources
They expressed satisfaction at the excellent state of bilateral ties of friendship and cooperation, which are marked by trust, mutual understanding, goodwill and respect for each other’s interests.
This allowed one hundred per cent FDI and provided an opportunity to private players to come, invest and operate in the Indian upstream sector.
And, its 500 million plus youth is skilled and ready to meet the global needs of manpower.
(b) Creation of the GST Council Secretariat, with its office at New Delhi;
The MoU will facilitate workforce mobility, skill development and placement of youth in overseas jobs in Qatar.
Presently there is no Air Services Agreement between these two countries.
The policy is patient centric and quality driven.
So for the ‘Team India’, for the 125 crore countrymen, we have to take the pledge to achieve the goal by 2022.
He called upon Chief Ministers of Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Sikkim, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Andhra Pradesh, to work together to make recommendations on a coordinated policy approach to the two subjects of “agriculture and MNREGA,” including both pre-sowing, and post-harvest phases.
41 business leaders representing a wide spectrum of the Indian economy were present at the interaction.
We should have this confidence that with sacrifice and hard work and a resolve to do something, we will get necessary resources and the ability to do it and then a big transformation will happen, and our resolve will convert into accomplishment.
It is an important financial and transportation hub in the East African region.
Friends, India is developing in different spheres.
This will help provide adequate and timely funds to the States/UTs for achieving the goal of SBM(G) within the targeted timelines.
The 510 bedded Hospital will have state of art facilities.
He said the National Highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
US Secretary of Defense James Mattis called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
Many games also make us aware about our society, environment and other spheres.
It has also decided to set up a Commission, under section 340 of the Constitution, to sub categorize the OBCs, so that the more backward among the OBC communities can also access the benefits of reservation for educational institutions and government jobs.
• The Mission will lay down the strategy and roadmap which will enable India to leverage upon its size and scale to develop a competitive domestic manufacturing ecosystem for electric mobility.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the Union Government’s ambitious health assurance scheme Ayushman Bharat.
The PM added, “We were among the highest growing tourist destinations in the world in 2017.
Thereafter, the MoU will be extended at any time within the period it remains in force by mutual written consent of the Parties.
This means that India is a follower of global fashion rather than a leader of global taste.
The amalgamated bank will be better equipped in the changing environment to meet the credit needs of a growing economy, absorb shocks and capacity to raise resources.
If you use LED bulbs, you can save Rs.2000 to Rs. 5000 per year.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister conveyed greetings on the occasion of Christmas.
India now ranks 26th in the World Bank’s “Ease of Getting Electricity” Index, up from 99th in 2014.
It seemed at times, that the evils and corruptions of society,
Hon. James KABAREBE, Minister of Defence
Passengers will now get amenities at par with international railway terminals and a large number of local job creation is expected as a positive external outcome of this program.
We shall have to take up this challenge facing our country, forgetting all barriers of casteism, communalism, regionalism and other difference, so that, our steps against terror are firmer, stronger and more decisive.
They cope up with the trauma but begin afresh with the same fervour.
Prime Minister Modi warmly recalled the successful visit of Prime Minister Turnbull to India in April 2017, and said that the bilateral relationship has deepened a lot since his own visit to Australia in 2014.
He encouraged people to use digital modes of money exchange to the extent possible, as this would increase transparency.
Leader of the Conservative Party of Canada and Leader of Her Majesty’s Loyal Opposition of Canada, Mr Andrew Scheer, called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
People should be encouraged to take the finest photographs and upload them.
When Science is harnessed keeping in minds the needs of common folk, when ways and means to naturally use those principles for people’s requirements are devised, when appropriate mediums and technologies are deliberated upon, it paves the way for it to be considered the most valuable contribution for general humanity.
As two developing countries we also decided to move on infrastructure development two-way investment flows leveraging our respective capabilities.
The Cabinet also approved an increase in the authorized capital of Exim Bank from Rs. 10,000 crore to Rs. 20,000 crore.
Last year, nearly 3 and a half crore people have benefited from this.
And you will see for yourself, that the pressure will be converted into pleasure.
The Prime Minister said that because of digital infrastructure, the format of engagement between citizens and Government is changing.
This was the first time that an Indian Prime Minister had addressed the Ugandan Parliament.
The project is also an example of environment friendly development.
My dear countrymen, be it Navratri, Durgapuja or Vijayadashmi, I offer all my heartfelt greetings to all of you on account of these holy festivals.
This inclusive Constitution is the harbinger of a resolve to build a New India.
As per an estimate, the municipality of a tier-two town has made on an average saving Rs. 10-15 crore.
Governments have come and gone.
Everything has rules and will work accordingly and move forward
The frequency of our interaction demonstrates the drive, dynamism and depth of our ties.
We have got very encouraging results of our sincerity and hard work.
Union Minister, Shri Dharmendra Pradhan and Minister of State (Independent Charge), Shri Santosh Kumar Gangwar were also present on the occasion.
This step will strengthen the hands of the common man in the fight against corruption, black money and fake currency.
Name: Smt Anupriya Singh Patel
The MoU is proposed to be signed during the upcoming visit of the WIP from Denmark to India in January, 2019.
An implementation committee shall be created with an equal number of representatives of each party for the purpose of regularly determining the activities and developing work plans and subsequently their evaluation.
We have seen those difficult days and governments generally increasing the number of tankers to supply more water.
e) A unit receiving incentives under the scheme, will provide an undertaking to remain in commercial production for a period of at least 3 years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
He noted how not just Indians, but citizens of many other countries have been rescued from conflict and disaster situations.
Who would know better than all of you present here about the challenges the country was facing during the second half of 2013 and early 2014;
It had also obtained records, caste-wise, of OBCs admitted in higher educational institution as well as similar caste-wise data of recruits in Central Departments, Central Public Sector Undertakings, Public Sector Banks & Financial Institutions.
The national flags of many countries were together hoisted at the Kumbh.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited the National Assembly of Mozambique, in Maputo.
PM said, the development initiatives of the NDA government have touched several lives which have been reflected in the budget proposals from farmer welfare to middle class, from income tax relief to infrastructure, from manufacturing to MSME, from housing to healthcare and from the increased pace of development to the New India,
During the interaction, Prime Minister urged to spread further information about Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan.
As of today, it is implementing 34 projects in the North Eastern States covering a length of 1001 kilometres at a total cost of over Rs. 10,000 crore.
On way to Kenya, I had also visited Mozambique, South Africa and Tanzania.
He said this Conference is helping top police officers get a more holistic view of problems and challenges.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
On the 25th of September, the birth anniversary of Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyaya, the Pradhanmantri Jan Arogya Abhiyan will be launched throughout the country.
If you have any ideas for the Third International Yoga Day, please do send me your suggestions and guidance through my mobile Application.
We staunchly believe in peace; we are committed to taking it forward… but NOT at the cost of compromising our self-respect and sovereignty of our Nation.
I am proud that India’s first woman Defence Minister Nirmala Ji is from Tamil Nadu.
Union Minister for Finance, Shri Arun Jaitley and Minister of State for Finance, Shri Pon Radhakrishnan were also present at the event.
• FIIs/FPIs allowed to invest in Power Exchanges through primary market
I congratulate all those athletes who are bringing back medals.
It is a reflection of our capability and helps in building the confidence and faith of the future generations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed a large and enthusiastic public meeting on the occasion of the commencement of work for the Rajasthan Refinery at Pachpadra, in Barmer, Rajasthan.
The initiatives taken today may take some years to show results, but I am confident that tangible results will soon become visible.
It brings into effect the Extradition Treaty signed between India and Iran in 2008.
As there were wide differences among members, with a few members not supporting acknowledgment and reiteration of key underlying principles guiding the WTO and varied agreed mandates, Ministers could not arrive at an agreed Ministerial Declaration.
25. The EU hoped for a swift solution, through the due process of law in India, in the case of MV Seaman Guard Ohio, which concerns fourteen Estonian and six British citizens sentenced to prison by an Indian court.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to the newly elected representatives.
The Prime Minister directed the use of new technologies in road construction also.
In accordance with this announcement, IWAI was allowed to issue infrastructure bonds worth Rs.1000 crore for the first time during 2016-17.
He later visited Blast Furnace-8 at the Bhilai Steel Plant, and was briefed on various aspects of the Plant.
The Agreement would lead to development of joint activity in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
The proposal for abolition of FIPB was approved by the Cabinet in its meeting on 24-05-2017.
The Utkarsh Bank specializes in micro-finance.
The two leaders also discussed global development finance.
This project will reduce travel time between Alappuzha and Thiruvananthapuram, and will also decongest traffic in Kollam town.
My resolve is to make India the most open economy in the world.
During the talks, the two leaders reviewed developments since the very successful State visits of the President and the State Counsellor of Myanmar to India in August and October 2016 respectively.
This is an appropriate example of our commitment towards South Asia.
We have given a boost to their spirit by giving Youth Awards on 24th January.
You too would feel that, you would’ve committed the same mistake.
The Prime Minister’s interactions lasted a total of over nine hours.
And decide what you will do for the country, for the future of millions and millions of aspiring youths.
He will also address the gathering.
Then the people and the country will progress and prosper.
The interest payment will be on semi-annual basis and the principal on maturity.
Hesaid that “My vision for India’s energy future has four pillars:
7. Development and extension of cooperation in the field of plant quarantine;
First of all, I would like to congratulate the 5 award winners from the bottom of my heart.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of various projects of the Government of India and Government of Jharkhand, at an event in Sindri.
It is one of the most sweeping indirect tax reforms in any federal polity in the world, in which complexities such as multiplicity of taxes and cesses, multiplicity of rates, multiple compliances, and cascading of taxation will be removed.
“I will always cherish the affection of the people of Meghalaya.
One of the major focus areas of DAY – NRLM is promotion of existing livelihood portfolios of the rural poor in farm and non-farm sectors.
In the run-up to the Nairobi Conference, it became clear that the Conference would determine the future of the Doha Round of trade negotiations.
The Sides agreed to further intensify cooperation in the field of exploration and use of outer space for peaceful purposes, including human spaceflight programmes, scientific projects, as well as agreed to continue developing cooperation on BRICS remote sensing satellite constellation.
About 81% progress of civil work and 55% of overall financial progress of the project have been achieved.
“On his birth anniversary, tributes to Maulana Abul Kalam Azad.
Our Coast Guard women officers are pilots, work as Observers, and not just that, they command Hovercrafts as well.
Air Navigation Services xii.
They can also exchange information on prevalent cyber security policies and best practices.
The first mantra is the expression of depression instead of its suppression.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
To achieve all this, India needed reforms to transform.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, and from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is now spread everywhere”, Prime Minister said
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
They welcomed the convergence in the political, economic and strategic interests of the two countries that provides an enduring basis for a long-term strategic partnership.
From national highways to rural roads, pace of construction has almost doubled as compared to the previous government.
The population of entire region of eastern U.P. which comprises of four Commissionerate of UP (Goarakhpur, Azamgarh, Basti and Devi Patan) comprising 14 districts of the state and also 5 districts of Western Bihar (West-Champaran, East-Champaran, Saran, Siwan, and Gopalganj) will be benefited by this AIIMS will be benefitted by the establishment of new AIIMS.
You may well imagine the missionary spirit of this retired teacher living on pension and donating an amount of fifty thousand rupees for the sake of provision of gas connection to the other poor mothers and sisters, in order to save them from the ill effects of Chulha smoke.
In a strong message to the perpetrators of the terror attack, he said it has been the policy of India not to interfere in other’s business.
Our Down-stream sectorhas been completely liberalizedwith market driven petrol and diesel pricesreflecting the changes in price of crude oil.
In doing so, the portal is expected to help catalyse greater collaboration towards the service of the weaker sections of society, especially by leveraging the benefits of technology.
He said that just as he is doing this Manthan with the collectors, they can do the same in the districts.
So this year we should again, during the Ganesh festival, organise essay competitions, have open discussions and remember the contributions of Lokmanya Tilak.
Our upbringing and ideologies might be different.
Further, the bank would get an opportunity to tap 11 lakh LIC agents for doorstep banking services, positioning it to improve customer services and deepen financial inclusion.
(iii) That the Madhya Pradesh Government will pay the occupation charges on 0.89 acre already in possession at the present land rates, till it is surrendered by Govt. of Madhya Pradesh to L&DO/MoHUA.
Prime Minister Modi has been selected in the leadership category for his pioneering work in championing the International Solar Alliance and for his unprecedented pledge to eliminate all single-use plastic in India by 2022.
The total estimated cost of the project is Rs.4441 crore including maintenance and operation costs for 30 years.
He also laid the Foundation Stone for Shore Protection Work near Mus Jetty, and Extension of Campbell Bay Jetty.
If we leave all these things here and these memories are going to be used just for sharing them with friends for the rest of life then something is missing.
Foundation stone of Dhule City Water Supply Scheme under AMRUT will be laid by PM.
Talking about the ‘Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao’ initiative, he said that villages with women Sarpanches can play a key role in the drive to end female foeticide.
Congratulations to her for the Bronze.
This year, students from across the country, and also Indian students residing abroad, participated in the event.
Just a while ago, 16 year old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to scale Everest from the Nepal side.
India will work with partner countries and multilateral development agencies to establish a facility for technical support to post-disaster reconstruction of houses.
The Prime Minister said India stands for peace, unity, and harmony.
In the same vein, he urged lawyers to come forward to provide pro-bono legal aid to the poor and needy.
Most of them are organic in origin.
Yoga is the journey from ‘me’ to ‘we.’
There should not only be a credence for India, but we also want that India should be effective in the world, we make India like that.
This is indeed a remarkable tradition.
Implementation of this project would help minimising some of the water of the River Ravi which at present is going waste through the Madhopur Headworks downstream to Pakistan.
A thought comes to my mind, that in order to promote tourism in India what could be the seven best tourist destinations in your state – every Indian must know about these seven tourist spots of his state.
However, the employer contribution will be maintained at 12%.
It was a war not of Afghan making, but it was one that stole the future of an entire generation of Afghans.
India will work with you and for you.
Responding to the aspirations of India’s youth, building world class institutions in India is one of the objectives of my government.
In this context, he also mentioned the Ayushman Bharat scheme, which he described as the world’s biggest healthcare assurance scheme.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Lebanon for cooperation in the field of agriculture and allied sectors.
In fact, micro plastics have now even entered basic food like salt, bottled water and tap water.
Before 2014 also, we heard of about a competition, although of a different kind.
The memorial has statues of Mahatma Gandhi and 80 Satyagrahis who had marched with him during the historic Dandi Salt March.
Once complete, this will be a major repair and maintenance facility for rail coaches in the northern region.
Moreover, there are a large number of medicinal plants, particularly those found in tropical region, which are common to the two countries given similar geo-climatic factors.
The Prime Ministercongratulated the local representatives for the courage displayed by them in the face of heavy odds; and for successfully participating in the democratic process, despite threats and intimidation.
There is now an air of prudence.
Sometimes we are so busy, that we even forget to offer water to the newspaper boy, the milkman, the vegetable seller, the postman or anybody else who come to our house in peak summer days.
I spoke to PM Sheikh Hasina & strongly condemned the despicable attack.
We are also encouraging and facilitating business and industry of both countries to increase the quality and quantum bilateral trade.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) the between India and Angola for promoting bilateral cooperation in the field of Electronics and Information Technology.
Our vision of an India-Korea Startup Centre – will provide a hub for Korean startups and Indian talent to freely communicate.
There is no production activity in the company since January 2003.
Yoga is not merely an exercise.
The last three events have been particularly big.
30. New India will be the biggest strength of democracy.
The project will be completed in five years in a phased manner.
They expressed confidence that strong India-US partnership will continue to be an important factor for global peace and prosperity.
It used to be above 12 per cent before 8th November 2016.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Tanzania in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine and Homeopathy.
This is a long-running humanitarian cooperation programme, between India and the Philippines, and was set up by an Indian origin Mayor of Manila Dr. Ramon Bagatsing.
He said that the start of a New Year is being celebrated in Gujarat today, and conveyed his greetings to everyone around the world.
Under your leadership, the Portuguese economy is on a steady course and right direction.
I have said before that India can become a developed country in one generation.
He recalled that such misinformation had been spread even when Shri Vajpayee was the Prime Minister.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that we will not ignore or forget the heritage that we have been historically proud of.
Of course, it is quite possible that my words this morning will act as a relaxant for you.
How I wish to make the sky listen to
• Management and mechanism to enrich feed & fodder nutritionally and its bulk transportation in deficit areas to realise higher productivity and production in livestock
We need to explore options to produce biodiesel on barren lands, which will further provide financial assistance to farmers.
In a message on the occasion of anti-leprosy day, the Prime Minister said that we have to work together for socio-economic uplift of the cured persons and for their contribution in nation-building.
The states can take up one or two sports of their choice and display their strength.
He set a definite goal and moved forward on its path with grit & determination.
I felt the need for greater coordination.
I assure the nation that those behind this despicable attack will not go unpunished.
Today I would like to say something especially to mothers and sisters also, since health and wellbeing have been a major part of our conversation today.
I am delighted to welcome President Almazbek Atambayev on his first state visit to India.
The first twenty-two meetings of PRAGATI have seen a cumulative review of 200 projects with a total investment of Rs. 9.31 lakh crore.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that urban administrators present in the gathering, are representatives of the cities which symbolize the hopes and aspirations of New India, and the new generation.
The exchange of faculty members of the premier institutes will help to bring symmetry in the capacities of the armed forces and contribute to countering and managing common threats and challenges much better.
Our farmers have not looked back since then.
Both India and South Africa, have huge demographic opportunities.
At Hazaribagh, Prime Minister will unveil following projects:
It highlights the importance of our Strategic Partnership, placing ASEAN at the centre of India’s Act East Policy.
He added that the youth of the country should be prepared to play a bigger role for the development of the nation and the society
It is important to build an atmosphere of trust.
72. We agree to further strengthen cooperation on convergence of accounting standards and auditing oversight of BRICS countries in the area of bond issuance, and to further cooperation in these areas.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything it can, to give enough water to the farmers.
For Admin expenses, up to 2% of the total project cost can be made.
• There will not be any conditions attached for OD upto Rs 2,000.
We agree that effective management of conventional and non-conventional threats in the Indian Ocean is essential to pursue economic opportunities; protect the livelihood of our communities, and provide security to our people.
He said Operation Greens, announced in the recent budget, will be beneficial for farmers growing fruits and vegetables, especially Tomato, Onion and Potato.
We intend to enhance and actively promote greater cooperation between our regions and states, with a particular emphasis on the Far East region of Russia.
The Government of India is committed to ensure that every woman gets adequate support and health care during pregnancy and at the time of delivery and every newborn is immunized on time which is the foundation for better health of the mother and the newborn.
He participated in grass root level movements such as the non-cooperation movement and provided great leadership to the Constituent Assembly as its President.
Special remission will not be given to prisoners who have been convicted for an offence for which the sentence is sentence of death or where death sentence has been commuted to life imprisonment; Cases of convicts involved in serious and heinous crimes like Dowry death, Rape, Human Trafficking and convicted under POTA, UAPA, TADA, FICN, POCSO Act, Money Laundering, FEMA, NDPS, Prevention of Corruption Act, etc.
Government is working on almost Rs1000 crore worth of projects for improving connectivity of the state.
An important aspect of our relationship is our cooperation in Science and Technology, and in Research and Innovation.
Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojna has provided a security cover to our farmers.
Cooperation between two countries in identified areas would be implemented through establishing institutional partnerships between Republican Institute for Vocational Education” (RIPO) , an apex institution for development of Belarusian vocational education system and Directorate General of Training for transfer of technology in VET delivery & its sustainability.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the establishment of Circuit Bench of Calcutta High Court at Jalpaiguri.
In the recent days, one can see a lot of emphasis being laid on Digi-Dhan.
Management of ISARC
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
As India’s premier institute of cancer, NCI, Jhajjar is responsible for identifying priority areas for Research & Development carrying out basic and applied research in molecular biology, genomics, proteomics, cancer epidemiology, radiation biology and cancer vaccines.
Go to Bhubaneshwar and cheer up the Indian team and also encourage each team there.
My dear countrymen, you may recall that we had successfully organized FIFA Under- 17 World Cup in the year2017.
We also need to see how the villagers, poor, farmers and laborers are benefited maximum from the Budget.
We note with satisfaction that two Meetings of the BIMSTEC Network of Policy Think Tanks (BNPTT) have been held and encourage BNPTT to organize regular consultations and programmes with stakeholders from the Member States with a view to intensifying people-to-people contact.
ARNAB: I think it is an interesting idea of simultaneous elections.
As a newspaper that was born when the nation embraced the Quit India Movement, may I suggest that the Dina Thanthi has a special responsibility in this regard.
My friends complain to me often that I sleep very little.
Thank you very much!
Today, President and I reviewed our multifaceted bilateral ties.
Their contribution in making our future is extremely important.
We will ensure that the benefits of increased finance, new markets, trade, investment, connectivity and economic integration are shared by as many countries as possible – and by the poorest and most marginalised – to build a more prosperous and safer future.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the participants of cleanliness related activities.
Launching of Finnish Space objects by Indian launch vehicles
The Labour Bureau data covers only a few sectors and the methodology is not based on updated panel of survey respondents.
According to me all of these things are extremely positive steps.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO), Ministry Of Health and Family Welfare of the Republic of India and Food and Drugs (FDA), Ministry of Health and Sports of Myanmar on Cooperation in Medical Products Regulation.
Union Ministers Shri Arun Jaitley and Shri Dharmendra Pradhan; Vice-Chairman NITI Aayog Dr. Rajiv Kumar and senior officials from the Union Government and NITI Aayog were also present at the interaction.
Speaking at a felicitation function organized for the Prime Minister, by the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation, Shri Narendra Modi called for innovation and skill development to achieve this objective.
He said the Kashi Vishwanath Temple has survived the vicissitudes of centuries.
Oils and oilseeds were added later in April, 2008 and the same were extended from time to time.
India is grateful for all this respect and pride they are giving us.
Both sides called on all states to reject the use of terrorism against other countries; dismantle terrorism infrastructures where they happen to exist and to cut off any kind of support and financing to the terrorists perpetrating terrorism from all territories against other states; and bring perpetrators of acts of terrorism to justice.
Our ‘Housing for All’ and ‘Power for All ’initiatives also stem from this same agenda of providing the basic amenities of life to those who cannot afford them.
Country has been at greatest loss because governments were run only for elections.
The process will get derailed if one party were to initiate this
He urged all present to maximize its use in the interest of good governance.
The Prime Minister said this initiative would be taken forward and institutionalised in the best possible way.
Having almost completed our programme to connect all villages with electricity, we have launched the Saubhagya scheme.
The membership would help India leverage the technical assistance and sectoral knowledge of the bank for the benefit of development of private sector.
I think we should propagate this wisdom.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled his visit to Vietnam in September 2016, during which the bilateral relationship was upgraded to the level of a Comprehensive Strategic Partnership.
Two or five rupees make no difference to your life, but have you thought how much heartache this petty habit of yours can cause him.
It will provide a platform to connect with various stakeholders, and collaborate for mutual prosperity.
After the collapse of Khmer Rouge regime, India was the first country to recognize the new government in 1981.
“When I meet you, I also feel that communication of our people living in foreign countries with government authorities in India is not a one way traffic any more,” the Prime Minister said.
4. As India embarks on a new era of development, it needs to learn much from America’s tradition of entrepreneurship and innovation.
He said lakhs of rifles will be made from this facility in Amethi, and will strengthen our security forces.
History is witness to the success of the ancient wisdom of India and Africa and the enduring strength of peaceful resistance.
4. Exchange of experience in the field of seed production based on modern technology; exchange of information concerning certification of seed in accordance with the legislation of the States of the Parties; exchange ofsamples of seeds on beneficial terms.
Greater Noida also mainly depends on road linkages for intra city traffic and connection with Noida and Delhi.
No it’s not.
Governor Abbott expressed appreciation for the contribution of people of Indian origin living in Texas to his State and to the United States.
And when Yogiji says: The Brahm entered within me, I entered within Brahm, is it self a simplified version of Advaita doctrine.
India, like South Africa is a young nation.
The Prime Ministers reaffirmed their support for the United Nations and the Secretary-General’s reform efforts to ensure a UN fit to support Member States to deliver on Agenda 2030 and took note ofhis proposals to strengthen the UN, including in the areas of development, peace operations, peacebuilding and conflict prevention.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Ex-post facto approval of the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed in 2008 and renewed in 2014 between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales (ICAEW).
• The satellite, which weighs over 2 tonnes, has been fabricated in three years at a cost of over Rs. 230 crore.
This is the highest ever improvement for India, and the highest jump for any country this year.
He said the work of the organization in the North-East, and during the time of disasters, has been especially praiseworthy.
I have assured the State Government of all possible support.
You must definitely come for this inspirational pilgrimage.
I have seen this from the moment I assumed office as Prime Minister.
One rupee per month was being deducted towards insurance premium which my husband had subscribed to.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given the approval for raising of four (4) additional battalions of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) to strengthen the India’s disaster response set up at an estimated cost of Rs 637 crore.
About 12% of emissions were offset by the carbon sink action of forestland, cropland and settlements.
Project will be covered under the legal framework of Central Metro Acts, Metro Railways (Construction of Works) Act, 1978 and the Metro Railways (Operation and Maintenance) Act, 2002, as amended from time to time.
It also indicates the mechanism of information exchange and the competent authorities in the two countries who are responsible for the implementation of the MoU and exchange of any information.
When I talk of sleep, please don’t think I am asking you to sleep at the cost of your preparation for the exams.
The MoU is an effective framework to deal with all issues requiring interaction and cooperation in the areas identified.
Mr. Sarkozy congratulated the Prime Minister for the success of “demonetization”, as well as on his party’s success in the recent Assembly elections in several States.
Interacting with the awardees, the Prime Minister said their deeds of bravery are discussed extensively, and also highlighted by the media.
Uganda is an example of Africa on the move.
Recalling the principles enshrined in the 1997 Bangkok Declaration, we reemphasize that cooperation within BIMSTEC will be based on respect for the principles of sovereign equality, territorial integrity, political independence, non-interference in internal affairs, peaceful co-existence and mutual benefit.
“On Kutchi New Year, the auspicious occasion of Ashadhi Bij, greetings to those celebrating.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Varanasi today.
More and more people are transacting digitally.
After the Bill becomes an Act, member of the communities newly listed in the revised list of Scheduled Tribes of Arunachal Pradesh will also be able to derive benefits meant for STs under the existing schemes of the Government.
On this day, a few years ago, I took oath as Chief Minister for the first time.
He worked extensively for the development of Kerala.
It happens very rarely that so many different programmes go on at the same time in so many villages of India.
A year ago, what the teacher had taught in the classroom, the whole scenario reappears in front of you.
He said the Union Government had unveiled an aviation policy which envisaged the future direction and growth of this sector.
The double success sets a new record of putting the heaviest satellite in orbit by an Indian launch vehicle.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved revision of the Indian Community Welfare Fund (ICWF) guidelines.
The revised Model MoU was drafted based on Egmont Group Secretariat revised Model MoU 2014.
PM will also lay the foundation stone for the construction of Northern Regional Centre Campus of Indian Institute of Mass Communication at Jammu through the unveiling of plaque
In this regard, they emphasized the need to improve market access by removing all trade barriers with a view to facilitate trade between the two countries.
This is also an occasion to collect funds for the welfare of the jawans of our armed forces.
Announcement of policies and budget doesn’t convince them.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Surat and Dandi in Gujarat on January 30, 2019.
Number of beneficiaries:
· 4th Business to Business (Industry Dialogue) Meeting (Durban)
We will continue to work with ASEAN to further enhance our trade ties, and facilitate interactions among our business community.
I am happy that with contribution and co-operation of state government, we have completed the project in an effective manner.
Addressing the gathering in Kalyan, the Prime Minister highlighted how the pace of infrastructure and public transport development had been accelerated by the Union Government.
Everything is otherwise normal.
The Prime Minister also presented President’s Police Medals for Distinguished Service to IB officers.
Paying tributes to BirsaMunda and Jamsetji Tata is, in a way, salutation to the glorious legacy and history of Jharkhand.
This 470-bedded hospital with state of art facilities will provide quality treatment on all disciplines of medicine.
It will be fulfilling the hopes and aspirations of the common man.
Noting their strong potential to provide Indian economy a positive thrust for growth, His Highness the Emir lauded the new initiatives of Prime Minister Modi including, “Start Up India”, “Make in India”, “Smart City”, and “Clean India” etc.
As two maritime trading nations, and as members of the Indian Ocean Rim Association, we also need to stand guard against sea borne threats.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in WW-1.
My dear countrymen, many a time in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, you must have heard me mention a thing or two about sports & sportspersons.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today presented a reproduction of a 1841 map of a stretch of the River Salween to President of Myanmar H.E. Mr. U Htin Kyaw.
They discussed global security, including cyber security, based on their shared values of human rights, democracy and the rule of law, and their commitment to uphold the rules-based international system.
This state is blessed with immense natural beauty and industrious citizens.
The merger will also lead to better management of high value credit exposures through focused monitoring and control over cash flows instead of separate monitoring by six different banks.
VVPAT device functions like a printer to be attached to the ballot unit and kept inside the voting compartment.
Today evening, the Prime Minister will visit CSIR-Central Drug Research Institute (CSIR-CDRI).
v. Enable the use of digital signatures such as through e-Sign, across borders.
Exams are not just for the students, they also put the students’ families, schools and teachers to test.
He said he has personally visited the North Eastern States several times to review development work.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Swami Vivekananda, on his Jayanti.
Secretary General, International Energy Forum
The beautiful landscapes of Cyprus and the wide horizons of ‘Incredible India’ can be a source of tourism promotion in both our countries.
Sharing an old speech in which I have spoken extensively about Shyamji Krishna Varma and his greatness https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLw_2cNVRuQ , the Prime Minister said.
Creation of regular posts in the place of “in situ” promotions will ensure more transparency in cadre management.
I also did not see a connect is in this.
There are about 12.34 lakh employees in 320 CPSEs in the country.
“Happy Makar Sankranti to everyone!
And our endeavour should be to make people aware of their power and to always have the tendency to further strengthen it by linking more and more people to it.
In the United Nations, India supported the decolonization of Morocco and the Moroccan freedom movement.
They welcomed annual Russian Festivals in India and Indian Festivals in Russia and highly appreciated the ongoing youth exchange programme, exchange of writers and reciprocal support of the National Film Festivals.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Selvi J Jayalalithaa.
There are also responsibilities which should be viewed in isolation from the politics.
Earlier, on arrival at the Schloss Meseberg, Prime Minister Modi signed the visitor’s book.
The objective of the MoU is to strengthen and encourage cooperation between the two countries on youth matters through participation in events and activities organized by the parties, information and knowledge sharing, and youth exchanges between the two countries.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
The bill is meant for that.
The Prime Minister spoke of the Union Government’s vision of Transformation through Transportation.
“On Vijay Diwas we salute the unflinching courage of all those who fought in 1971 and protected our nation diligently.
He had talked about the importance of federalism, federal system and stressed on Center and states working together for the upliftment of the country.
This will be of immense importance to both countries.
Our existence as political workers is on account of the people.
Both sides reconfirmed their commitment to promoting peace, security, and stability and supporting Afghanistan on its development path to become a self-reliable and prosperous state.
For various reasons, the contribution of tax from those who make money on the markets has been low.
He unveiled a logo to mark the launch of “Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation” programme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has urged people to take the pledge to save every drop of water, on World Water Day.
This is the era of honesty and integrity; there is no place for those who cheat the system, the Prime Minister said.
JSK organizes various activities with target populations as a part of its mandate.
We are also aware/ that the defence manufacturing sector is unique in terms of government involvement.
Shri Modi said that the young athletes should inspire youngsters in their schools and villages to take up sports.
He added, “We have also made Doing Business cheaper.
On February 19th, the Prime Minister will address via Video Conference, the World Conference on Information Technology, being held at Hyderabad.
The MoU will facilitate exchange of information, expert meetings,seminars technical visits and implementation of jointly agreed cooperation projects.
They welcomed the meeting of Saudi India Business Council in New Delhi in December 2015 and agreed that Council was a useful platform for furthering trade and economic cooperation.
He said the hawkers have helped the newspaper reach so many households daily.
Reviewing progress towards the roadmap to deliver 1 crore houses in the rural areas by 2019, the Prime Minister said that the positive impact of housing on the lives of the beneficiaries should be suitably examined, and the focus should be on improving their quality of life.
This entire scheme is a good example of money being well spent.
He said that the Union Government is working firmly with the vision of treating farmers as “Annadaata.”
Speaking on the theme of technology, the Prime Minister said that it can bring about a phenomenal change to our villages.
Your thoughts echo the sentiment that is captured by today’s launch.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
Under our UDAY scheme, we are working towards this objective.
Our many ports and harbours and the world’s oldest dockyard at Lothal bear evidence to vibrant trade linkages.
Millions of Indians responded to Mahatma Gandhi’s clarion call and the mantra of ‘Do or Die’; they flung themselves into the struggle.
He takes immense pride in his success in pulling himself up by the bootstraps after being born into poverty.
Many participants strongly recommended the inclusion of gas and electricity in the GST framework.
The insulation is meant to keep heat and noise to very low levels for additional passenger comfort.
I hope that this journey is enjoyable for you and your family.
It is a matter of immense pride and prestige for us.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met all Secretaries to the Government of India.
For this I am thankful to him.
Everybody though that better place it here else this will be swept away by Modi.
During 2014 to 2019, the country would register average growth of seven point four percent and the average inflation would be less than four and half percent;
Restrictions regarding pulses were first imposed in August 2006 and are extended from time to time.
He asserted that India will be a responsible nation with regard to climate and work towards zero-defect, zero-effect manufacturing, entailing no detrimental effect on the environment.
The Prime Minister has also approved Rs. 50,000 each for those injured due to the accident.
Today also, one Japanese township has been announced.
The cost of the project is Rs.1123 crore and it will be set up under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).
My Friend and Hon’ble Prime Minister of Sri Lanka His Excellency Mr. Ranil Wickremesinghe
Stringent provisions are proposed against misleading advertisements.
You must focus on how to improve upon your past performance and how to perform even better.
Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar and Kutch
India stands shoulder to shoulder with Bangladesh.
He will also lay the foundation stone for six laning of Karaipettai-Walajapet section of NH-4.
Our festivals, impart to us many social values.
So I requested a demonstration and a pleasant surprise was in store for me.
He described the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory as a prime example of Make in India, and a source of employment in the region.
I will interact with the Indian community a programme in Johannesburg on 8th July.
It will increase the availability of doctors and enhance medical education opportunities to students.
It could only be a visionary like Atalji who brought in this transformation and as a result of this, healthy traditions blossomed in our polity.
He will address the gathering.
M-Aarogya mobile app and door to door waste collection, segregation and processing of Solid Waste in Dadra & Nagar Haveli was also launched.
I don’t think there is any need to repeat the fact that in India’s economic development, in our priorities for development, Netherlands is a natural partner.
Prime Minister thanked him for his support to India’s accession to the SCO.
This is a follow up of the joint statement issued by the two Prime Ministers during the visit of Prime Minister of India; Shri Narendra Modi to UK on April 18, 2018, which states the following:
While often competing with each other in implementing business reforms, they are also helping each other in implementing them.
He said India can no longer afford delay in infrastructure projects, especially connectivity projects.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended best wishes to the Global Investors’ Summit 2017 in Jharkhand.
But 26th January, 2018, will especially be remembered through the ages.
Both knowledge and skills are equally important, the Prime Minister added.
He revealed that the Government has thought of developing additional 15000 km of gas pipeline network.
I look forward to meeting President Peña Nieto on June 8 during my visit to Mexico, a privileged partner in the Latin American region.
Addressing the jawans, he said he had been visiting armed forces personnel every year on Diwali since 2001.
When I meet you, I also feel that communication of our people living in foreign countries with government authorities in India is not a one-way traffic any more.
The MoU was signed on 22.6.2016 during the visit of a delegation led by the Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Skill Development and Entrepreneurship to Switzerland from 20th – 22nd June, 2016.
Shri Narendra Modi said he was fortunate to have had the occasion for social work among the tribals in his youth.
Prime Minister Modi stated that Government of India’s vision of ‘Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas’ is a guiding framework for India’s engagement with its neighbours for a shared vision of inclusive development and prosperity.
However, I have changed this perception.
Foundation Stone for the Centre for Tribal Studies, Acharya Vinoba Bhave University, Hazaribagh laid by PM
He said that those who lost their lives during recent disturbances are part of us, our nation; whether the lives lost are of our youth, security personnel or police, it distresses us.
The Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Antonio Guterres, was present on the occasion.
The Prime Minister complimented the Uttar Pradesh State Government for implementing schemes extremely well.
Members of the Council briefed the Prime Minister on various steps being taken to nurture innovation and research in key sectors of science and technology.
They will pay homage to Mahatma Gandhi at Sabarmati Ashram.
ISRO expressed interest in direct reception of the Landsat-8 data in India, while USGS expressed interest in obtaining data from ISRO’s RESOURCESAT-2 satellite.
Bharat Net is targeted at providing last mile internet connectivity in the country.
The acquisition under Section 35 of the State Bank of India Act, 1955 will result in the creation of a stronger merged entity.
The Authority shall also regulate such other financial products, financial services or FIs as may be notified by the Central Government from time to time.
And hence, we should undertake a resolve to contribute something positive for our nation like Lord Rama.
We can distribute ARMED FORCES FLAGS on this occasion.
Winning and losing is a part of it.
40. Over 5.75 crore farmers have been covererd under Pradhan Mantri Fasal Beema Yojaana.
· Companies have mobilized more than 25000 crore rupees in the first six months of this year through the IPOs.
He said digital technology is becoming a means of empowerment for the people of India; and the country is emerging as an important centre for Startups.
This responsibility must be taken and I will continue to do so.
Even today, players of Team India are encouraging the younger generation through their hard work and focused attention.
This longing throbs in the core of every human heart.
A bank deposit of approximately five thousand rupees would earn enough interest to pay these premia permanently.
Through the ‘Fund of Funds’, Rs.1285 Crore funding has been committed, leveraging a total of Rs.6980 Crore in venture funds so far.
Reviewing the progress, the Prime Minister said that appropriate checks should be undertaken for variation, both within a sampling grid, and across different soil testing labs.
Keeping this in mind, we have launched the world’s largest government funded health scheme.
The task which is pending from the days of independence has to be completed fast now.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that India is home to a unique heritage, where the overriding thought has always been the benefit of mankind.
At the outset, I wish to express our sincere condolences on the loss of life due to the recent earthquake in Aceh .
I am confident that with initiatives like “Make in India”, “Startup India”, and “Standup India”, there will be opportunities for youth to venture into Indian Oil and Gas sector and to bring innovative ideas.
I fully realise that the examinations cause anxiety.
These lofty ideals of Sardar Sahab are relevant to and inspiring for our vision for a New India, even today.
The Nation was his central message.
Be it our elderly, differently-abled, our women, marginalized or deprived people, or our Adivasi brethren living in the forests, everyone must get an opportunity to grow, as per their hopes and aspirations.
Over the next couple of days, you would hold numerous conversations on the state of the world around us.
I can classify them into four types.
Therefore, we need to guard against any instinct or inclination that promotes exclusion, especially in Asia.
I too accept this importance of Ganga.
The world also owes a debt of gratitude to Sri Lanka for preserving some of the most important elements of the Buddhist heritage.
In this context, he mentioned the “MADAD” portal for real time monitoring and response of consular grievances.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Communication, Shri Manoj Sinha, was present on the occasion.
He asserted that this process of taking tough decisions in the best interest of the people, will continue.
A tale associated with this incident is also very popular.
This objective, in my view, is best served through free and friendly discussion among us.
The President and I agreed that our two nations need to stay vigilant and cooperate actively to combat terrorism, both in our region and in the world.
Smt Harsimrat Kaur Badal, Minister for Food Processing Industries, Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Minister of State for Food Processing Industries, and senior officials from the Union Government were also present.
If I have to convoke someone over a cup of tea at their house, I am even ready for that.
In response to a question on time management and exhaustion, the Prime Minister said that 1.25 billion Indians are all his family.
33. Both parties recognised the importance of trade in agricultural products in general, and rice in particular, and agreed to work together to resolve issues that have the potential of disrupting trade.
· Agricultural Field Visits – 22 June
Throughout his life, he struggles to come out of poverty.
Exchange of Instrument of Ratification of Extradition Treaty.
Thus, every person of this country was involved in this movement.
5. During the meeting with President Duterte, the two leaders reviewed the progress in bilateral relations and in global and regional situation since their meeting in Manila in November 2017.
Keeping your resolve in mind, with confidence in yourself, set out for your exams.
Oil ministers from developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
The Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to Japan in 2014, during which he had interacted with JIPFL in Tokyo.
The people with this kind of negative mentality, we cannot even think about the way they have ruined the country.
He also spoke about the Ujjwala Yojana for cooking gas, and the significant progress made in electrification of 18,000 un-electrified villages.
The Prime Minister said that the success of these initiatives has also been because of Jan Bhagidaari – public participation.
“I extend my deepest condolences to the Government & people of Cuba on the sad demise of Fidel Castro.
In order to deepen ties with the diaspora, I will address a community programme on 10th July.
Central Regulator to determine tariff for composite schemes where more than 10% power sold outside State.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Rail Vikas Shivir at Surajkund through video conferencing.
Our ministries, our scientists, R&D institutions, industries, start-ups, universities and IITs, all should work together seamlessly.
Name of MoUs/Agreements
• Aimed at reducing Out of Pocket Expenditure at the point of care.
I am being criticized.
Once again my humble tribute to revered Baba Saheb.
The National Highway will facilitate better movement of tea and other agricultural produce from the region to markets.
This closeness and understanding has helped us bridge a number of gaps in our bilateral relations.
All the best Jhulan.
Because of this the poor are feeling that they are becoming a part of the country’s economic system.
This figure has gone up to Rs. 1.83 lakh crores in this government.
A few days ago, the country’s beloved poet Neeraj Ji left us forever.
“Extremely saddened by the train accident in Amritsar.
In order to strengthen the scheme, Government is working towards skill development to ensure faster, and quality construction of houses.
A series of administrative reforms have significantly improved the business sentiment in the country.
• To make Indian vehicles comply with global standard of safety (in line with UN Brasilia resolution) to reduce the high number of casualities and road accidents (i.e. 1.46 and 5.01 lakhs respectively in the year 2015).
Electricity reached each & every village of the country this year.
We can feel a positive change with this disruption.
I am happy to learn that state government is upscaling the TB free Chennai initiative and seeking to eliminate TB in the state by 2023 itself.”
Anyone who believes he is bigger than the system is wrong.
The MoU is expected to create employment in the areas of Spatial Planning, Water Management and Mobility Management, smart cities development, affordable housing, waste management, urban environment and heritage preservation.
He also appreciated the role being played by the Uttar Pradesh Police in this regard.
The Agreement has the potential to spur greater trade, investment, tourism and cultural exchange between India and Rwanda, bringing it in tune with developments in the civil aviation sector.
“Tributes to venerable Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on Ambedkar Jayanti.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is committed towards fulfilling the aspirations of youth of the country.
(e) Sharing good governance practices in public administration
Each person has become associated with it in a positive manner.
He was playing a pivotal role in it.
• World Sufi Forum an assembly of those whose life itself is a message of peace, tolerance & love: PM
And that is why I have said that my country’s soldiers have full freedom to answer back in whatever manner they have to and they will keep doing that
His appeal to people to applaud jawans when they meet them, has also created a buzz on social media.
IIPE has been registered as a Society under the AP Society Registration Act, 2001 on 18/04/2016.
It was agreed that these and other relevant issues would be taken up at an early meeting of the Joint Steering Committee on Power and other forums.
One sector is physical infrastructure relating to water supply, power, connectivity and especially projects promoting tourism.
The nation is always ready to move in the right direction.
You see the fast pace at which prices were rising under the previous government, today that speed has decelerated a lot.
I have asked my team to work harder to ensure India is on the top 50 next years.”
The meeting was attended by Chief Ministers of Maharashtra, Arunachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir; Shri Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Minister of State (Independent Charge) Skill Development and Entrepreneurship; Smt Smriti Zubin Irani, Minister of Human Resource Development; Shri Kalraj Mishra, Minister of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad, Minister of Communication and Information Technology.
The world had to recognise the strength of India and it clout in the surgical strike.
Your Excellency President Xi Jinping, Your Excellency President Jacob Zuma, Your Excellency President Michel Teme, Your Excellency President Vladimir Putin, Distinguished Members of the BRICS Business Council.
Accepting a certain state provides us with the opportunity of opening up newer vistas.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andaman & Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018.
Reiterating his Government’s stand against Black Money and Corruption, PM said this Lok Sabha has passed stringent laws like Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, Fugitive Economic Offenders Act.
They will circumnavigate the globe and return home, after many months.
The Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation has been envisaging bilateral cooperation with other countries in water resources development and management through sharing of policy and technical expertise, conducting of training courses, workshops, scientific and technical symposia, exchange of experts, study tours etc.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
As per the provisions of the Paris Agreement, the treaty will come into force as and when 55 countries contributing to 55 % of total global emission ratify the agreement.
Of the numerous colourful festivals of India, Onam is a prime festival of Kerela.
The work of building IIT, IIM and AIIMS is speedily going on.
She has written that she got the money from the ‘Mudra’ Scheme and started her business, then she registered the inventory of all her products on the E-GEM website, and then she got an order from the Prime Minister’s Office.
He will address a public meeting.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited Palamu, Jharkhand.
Lay foundation stone of Entrepreneurship, Innovation and Career Hub in University of Jammu.
The proposed Programme will help to deepen the understanding of current economic policy issues in both countries and also explore further opportunities for future collaboration and engagement.
The world over, people prayed for the safe & secure exit of these children.
The Prime Minister said that today people believe that India can leave its weaknesses behind, and march forward.
Come on, let us take this journey further.
The MoU will enable establishment of a framework for enhanced cooperation in the field of military education concerning strategic and operational studies and promotion of closer and long-term cooperation between the two countries.
Our Parliament too has taken the initiative to organize Parliamentary debates on SDGs.
None of you will believe that in a country of 125 crore people, one and a half, only one and a half lakh people exist, whose taxable income is more than 50 lakh rupees.
We have a lot of unexplored potential.
No special traffic arrangements were made for his visit.
There was a time when for the world India meant – ‘policy paralysis’ and ‘delayed reforms’.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will launch the Union Government’s Support and Outreach Initiative for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on November 02, 2018.
He added that efforts are being taken to make Medical College functional this year itself.
A common man living thousands of kilometres away can now supply his products to the Government.
• inexpensive devices for diagnosis of cervical cancer, TB and dengue
I have always felt this way, like when I felt why Class 3 and Class 4 employees should be made to go through interviews.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had laid the foundation stone of the memorial on March 21, 2016.
15. The Sides welcomed the holding of the India-Russia Business Summit on the margins of the 19th Annual Summit on October 4-5, 2018 in New-Delhi with the participation of large business delegations from both sides, representing important areas of bilateral cooperation, sending a strong signal of the willingness and capacity of the business sectors of both countries to further strengthen economic, trade and investment partnerships.
I will also be meeting with CEOs of major Dutch companies and will encourage them to join the Indian growth story.
Prime Minister Modi and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu today visited the Centre of Excellence for Vegetables in Vadrad in Sabarkantha District of Gujarat.
I laud President Duterte’s commitment to bringing about inclusive development and to fighting corruption.
The essence of Yoga has not changed.
The MoU will expand its outreach to wide range of social partners from the entire Asia Pacific Region.
We will facilitate an early commencement of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
To this end, I would exhort the National Laboratories to connect with schools and colleges to develop appropriate training programs.
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
How can the democratic institutions at the village level, in every corner of India, be strengthened?
Your steady stream of letters to ‘Mann Ki Baat’, your comments, this exchange between minds always infuses new energy in me.
Yet, there are many in India and outside who are struggling in the absence of these solutions.
Then he spent another eight years in an orphanage.
I will use it at right places.
You too must be getting similarly confused sometimes!
I would thus like to thank the European Union, for recognizing the people of Indian origin and through them in making people in India and people the world over aware of their exemplary work.
This arises principally because of तन्हा or (तृष्णा in Sanskrit), the thirst, which in turn stems from greed .
“The martyrdom of Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev was a watershed moment in our history.
Everyone is scared.
Expectations make the path difficult.
Friends, It is accepted the world over, that terrorism, Naxalism, Maoism, counterfeit currency trade, drug trade, human trafficking – all of these depend on black money.
All Sciences develop and are built up through experience”.
Deeper engagement in naval patrolling; and
And so, this is a good chance for you to become a part of a transparent system.
And Nivedita means the one who is fully dedicated.
President Mirziyoyev congratulated Prime Minister on the successful outcome of the First India-Central Asia Dialogue which demonstrated India’s positive impact on the Central Asia region and the joint quest of the participant countries for peace in Afghanistan.
And I am fully aware of the fact that eliminating fake companies and taking action against black money can be politically incorrect and pose a risk to any political party.
He said that the Presidency is much more than protocol.
He will also distribute PM-SYM Pension Cards to select beneficiaries.
Vesak is an occasion for us to celebrate this unbroken shared heritage of Buddhism.
However, the unorganised sector- be it the labourers, household workers, agricultural labourers or manual thelawalas, a large cross section of the society has been neglected.
Both Sides called for enhancing efforts to provide necessary humanitarian assistance to bring the long drawn suffering of the Syrian people to an end soon, bearing in mind urgent reconstruction needs and return of refugees and internally displaced persons.
The sanctioned cost of the project is Rs. 244 Cr under Smart City Mission.
We are also making collaborative efforts to mainstream solar energy in the form of an International Solar Alliance.
The Agreement would provide a legal framework for sharing of information and intelligence between the Customs authorities of the two countries.
The two sides also agreed to focus on areas of training and human resources development and cooperation in research and development in the energy sector.
The project has augmented the grid connectivity in Jammu & Kashmir.
Centuries later,Anagarika Dharmapala undertook a similar journey, but this time, from Sri Lanka to India to revive the spirit of Buddhain the land of its origin.
It possess all modern amenities and is considered to be one of the most modern suburbs of Delhi in the National Capital Region (NCR).
· Meeting of Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) – 25 to 26 June (Johannesburg)
Congratulations to all who have worked for this.
Over 20% of India’s outbound investments go to ASEAN.
He said that with the foundation stone laying of Medical College, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu have got its first ever Medical College.
It would be one of the flagship “Make in India” projects in this sector.
However, in case the incident of profiteering relates to an item of mass impact with ‘All India’ ramification, the application may be directly made to the Standing Committee.
Today’s youth want to build up on his or her own strength.
These partnerships are a good fit with India’s economic priorities and defence and security.
To understand the virtues of patriotism, sacrifice and perseverance, one doesn’t need to revert to historical events.
“Tributes to Lala Lajpat Rai on his birth anniversary.
Our tree and forest cover has also increased by one percent in the last two years.
In this direction, we have given forty million new cooking gas connections in the last two years.
We hope that our Project Development Fund and Quick Impact Projects will help our companies integrate into regional value chains, particularly in textiles and garments, pharmaceuticals agro-processing and electronics.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has congratulated the Indian Women’s hockey team on winning Asia Cup 2017.
Whether in New York, London, Singapore, Hong Kong or Abu Dhabi, I would find many of them to be of Indian origin.
Besides avoiding large scale deforestation and tree-cutting, the tunnel will provide a safe, all-weather route to commuters travelling from Jammu and Udhampur, to Ramban, Banihal and Srinagar.
But do refer it to others; make others join you in that.
He added that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world’s biggest people’s movement.
Prime Minister also announced significant increase in the honorarium given to Anganwadi workers.
My thoughts are with his family & supporters in this sad hour.
The POCSO Act, 2012 was enacted to Protect the Children from Offences of Sexual Assault, Sexual harassment and pornography with due regard for safeguarding the interest and well-being of children.
The punishment for any unauthorized practice of medicine has been made severe by including a provision for imprisonment of up to one year along with a fine extending up to Rs. 5 lakhs.
The MoU will benefit both countries in the following manner:
The Prime Minister said that a similar atmosphere exists today when people of the country are coming forward to fulfill their responsibilities towards the nation.
And, I am delighted that Jayalalithaa ji, the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu is also present with us on this occasion.
In the spirit of सबका साथ, सबका विकास, every Indian, irrespective of caste, gender, religion, class must have equal opportunities to partake in the new prosperity.
By publicly celebrating Ganesh Utsav, he turned this religious occasion into a festival of national awakening and social refinement.
Many States have taken steps to adopt these through legislation.
Old newspaper clippings confirm this view.
Referring to the horrors unleashed across the world by terrorists, he said the impact of terrorism cannot be captured by statistics alone.
iii) Insertion of a new clause (ea) to section 20-I of the principal Act
The month of August this year has become memorable.
64. We recall that the WTO Dispute Settlement System is a cornerstone of the multilateral trading system and is designed to enhance security and predictability in international trade.
Greetings to all
The success of this effort, will depend on our ability to bring all institutions and labs under this strategy.
I want to tell you about the NPA problem.
Dr. Wohn Kwang Yun, Chairman, National Research Council of Science and Technology (NST)
No poor person of the country will have to face difficulty in dealing with diseases.
This would reduce corruption in the Transport Department while improving the road worthiness of the vehicle.
The initiatives taken between the two countries will be as per the terms of reference of the MoU signed and will be a continuing process till the MoU remains in operation.
Shri Narendra Modi said that today, no country or person can live in isolation.
One of the top-most priorities of our Government is speedy implementation and completion of projects in the designated time period.
Nearly 15 crore poor people have been brought under the coverage of government insurance schemes.
This is being done in downstream retail, as well as in upstream oil and gas production, asset maintenance and remote monitoring.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
He said that the Government is also ensuring that the every house built is not only of good quality but also has a toilet, gas connection and electricity.
Further, availability of Ground Lighting Facilities, Instrument Landing System for operation of aircrafts at night, adequate runway length to cater to medium capacity long-range aircraft or equivalent type of aircraft, availability of Customs, Immigration, Health and Animal & Plant Quarantine Services are also required for international operations.
The Prime Minister congratulated all stakeholders on the completion of 25 PRAGATI interactions.
Even today, knowledge is the best guiding light.
If we as BRICS can set the agenda in these areas, the world will call this its Golden Decade.
Exim Bank finances, facilitates and promotes India’s international trade.
They also give us a seven and a half thousand kilometre coastline and 2.4 million square kilometres of Exclusive Economic Zone.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Ministry of Railways’ transformative initiative to set up the first ever National Rail and Transport University (NRTU) in Vadodara to skill its human resources and build capability.
Mr. Modi added that local solution and global application is our mantra.
Now, we are also focusing on next generation infrastructure, which includes logistics, digital and gas.
The Seoul Peace Prize was established to crystallize the Korean people’s yearning for peace on the Korean Peninsula and in the rest of the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with 20 top American CEOs at a roundtable meeting in Washington DC.
PM summed it up saying that it is essential to ensure the benefits of development reach all sections of society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday previewed the exhibition – “Uniting India – Sardar Patel” set up by the Ministry of Culture, at National Science Centre in New Delhi.
Their spread poses a grave threat, not just to India and Bangladesh but to the entire region.
Today, with the spread of new technology, the situation is often reversed.
Thus the total number of Directors is 11.
The identified areas of cooperation include high speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure etc.
This time India is hosting the biggest Sanitation Convention of the world so far, the Mahatma Gandhi International Sanitation Convention.
• Nation will not gain anything by standing with those who have plundered the nation.
PM said that the Government has focussed on aspects relating to nutrition and quality healthcare.
PM will flag-off Ajni (Nagpur)- Pune Train through video link.
The cooperation is achieved through exchange of information on developments in areas of railways technology & operations, knowledge sharing, technical visits, training & seminars and workshops in areas of mutual interest.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he feels a special energy in the environment from this mass chanting.
He said the Dolaithabi Barrage project had been conceived in 1987, but was speeded up only after 2014, and is now complete.
In January about 6,000 players participated in 18 disciplines in the Khelo India Youth Games held in Pune.
Together we will build such an India where the farmers can sleep without worry.
The replica of these plates was made possible with the cooperation of Malankara Mar Thoma Syrian Church in Thiruvalla, Kerala.
These projects have materialised within a few months after the UP Investors Summit, which was organized in February 2018, in an effort to attract investments and promote industrialisation in the State.
Inclusion of ‘Mishmi-Kaman’ (Miju Mishmi), Idu (Mishmi) and Taraon (Digaru Mishmi) in serial No. 8.
In the ports sector, traffic volume in major ports increased by 17 percent in the period between 2014 and 2018.
When the electricity would be available?
Since the time of last Cadre review, telecom service provision functions have been hived off from DoT, but newer functions related to telecom licensing, monitoring, enforcement of license conditions, network security, interoperability, standardization, lawful interception and universal service obligation etc. have been added.
Wishing everyone on the occasion of Ugadi, the Prime Minister said that Ugadi is a festival of new beginnings and new hopes.
A number of conventions and seminarshave been organised on various topics.
He recounted the various steps, including demonetization, taken by the Union Government in the last three years, against black money, and to bring elements indulging in corruption, to book.
iii. Encourage cooperation between educational, training and research institutions in the field of Mass Media & Communication.
The indomitable spirit of the martyrs will always be remembered.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister gave examples of the success of Jan Dhan Yojana, insurance schemes, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, and Udan, to highlight how the Union Government is implementing schemes which benefit the poorest of the poor.
The Prime Minister said that the Government’s emphasis on cleanliness is being universally appreciated.
BRICS Wellness Forum (10-11 September 2016, Bengaluru) 75.
In particular, he appreciated the development initiatives carried out in the southern districts of Sukma, Dantewada and Bijapur.
It is heartening to note that all stations as well as the Operation Control Centre of Kochi Metro have achieved platinum rating which is the highest certification level given by the Indian Green Building Council.
Earlier, there have been occasions when one, two or three Nobel Laureates have visited India and had interactions with students and scientists in a limited manner.
After inclusion of State of Nagaland under jurisdiction of the Central Agricultural University, Imphal, the College of Veterinary Sciences in Nagaland will produce the much-needed professional manpower in the fields of animal husbandry, which will facilitate socio-economic growth in the region.
Now new avenues of organic farming, blue revolution, sweet revolution, solar farming have emerged on which we plan to move ahead.
He described the Smart India Hackathon as the biggest Open Innovation Model at the national level.
At present, there are nineteen IIMs.
Don’t you feel the need to identify such people, who are sitting among you, who supported these companies?
The company continues to be a sick company since then.
Indian Army always leads from the front, be it in protecting the sovereignty of our nation or helping citizens during natural disasters.
– In sectors of your choosing; and
The Prime Minister said that India’s youth is giving strength to key programmes such as digital initiatives, and Swachh Bharat Mission.
He said that the target is universal coverage in seven important welfare schemes: Ujjwala, Saubhagya, Ujala, Jan Dhan, Jeevan Jyoti Yojana, Suraksha Bima Yojana, and Mission Indradhanush.
He said the Eastern Peripheral Expressway would help decongest traffic in Delhi.
Bolstering Economic and Trade Ties
The essential features of the ASA are as follows:
Shri Sanjiv Singh, Chairman, IOCL
Shri Vijay Gokhale, Foreign Secretary
He also mentioned that the President, Vice President, and himself as the Prime Minister of India have visited various African countries on more than 20 occasions, during the tenure of present Government.
To promote research partnership in areas such as Electronics, Sensors, High Speed Vision, Robotics, Advanced Manufacturing including Mechatronics, Environmental Research, Intelligent Transportation, etc.
In addition, there are awards for Innovation for Central, State organisations including Districts.
Sri Lankan President Maithripala Sirisena said it is a matter of great fortune, that Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi is present here today.
But the moment, GDP growth rate came down to 5.7% , it lifted their spirit.
He also touched upon other welfare schemes for the benefit of farmers.
This is a jump of almost seventy five percent.
A ‘Blue Flame Revolution’ is underway.
In particular, he said that India’s rising middle class, and the policy-driven initiatives of the Government, are opening up several win-win opportunities for all stakeholders in the food processing ecosystem.
He hoisted a high mast flag and offered floral tributes at the Statue of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
He recalled that this programme was launched way back in 1955.
We call for enhanced efforts to provide necessary humanitarian assistance to the Syrian people, bearing in mind urgent reconstruction needs.
As of March, 2018, a total number of 2.23 lakh senior citizens are being benefited under PMVVY.
3. The Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Salman bin Abdulaziz and Prime Minister Modi exchanged views on bilateral, regional and multilateral issues of mutual interest.
All teams work in a particular direction.
He added that Shirdi is always considered as an epitome of public service.
Indeed, my personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now almost a decade old.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will be visiting Israel on 4-6 July, 2017.
Government relations are important but increasing people to people contact is equally important.
If we remain vigilant, we can now save our children from returning to those evil ways of violence and cruelty.
Of this, the solar energy capacity will amount to 100 Giga Watt.
He said the pace of construction has been increased, and nearly 1.25 crore houses have been built in less than five years.
People explained to him, the hardships faced by them on account of the cyclone.
– the Sustainable Development Goals,
The penalties are also proposed for deliberate violation of safety/environmental regulations as well as body builders and spare part suppliers.
This is the first-ever Indian circumnavigation of the globe by an all-women crew.
Think about it, Congress imposed Emergency, but Modi is destroying institutions.
To establish research partnership between Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), India and Institute of Innovative Research, Tokyo Institute of Technology (TIT) in areas such as Advanced Materials, Bioscience and Information Technologies.
The ‘Customer focused’ and ‘application driven’ NDCP-2018 shall lead to new ideas and innovations, after the launch of advanced technology such as 5G, IOT, M2M, etc. which shall govern the telecom sector of India.
The Project envisages setting up of the 100 bedded hospital in Najafgarh in two years to cater to the local population of 13.65 Lakh spread across 73 villages.
It marks the shift of seasons, from the cold to the lively spring and brightness.
The proposal aims to secure:
Swapping of the land with MCGM will enable M/s MIAL to complete the development work of CSIA, Mumbai.
“Attack in Istanbul is inhuman and horrific.
He said a young population and a rising middle class are among factors which generate global interest in the Indian economy, especially in areas such as manufacturing, trade and commerce, and people to people contacts.
· Biharsharif-Daniawan
In his budget speech, 2016-17, the Hon’ble Finance Minister announced as under:
I take this opportunity to congratulate all for the timely completion of IREP.
Many countries in our region have transformed their economies and become engines of global economic growth.
I am also pleased that the share of Indian vendors in the procurement orders placed through defence capital expenditure has gone up from about 50 percent during 2011-14 to over 60 percent during the last three years.
Under the Policy, the targets of Local Content (LC) will be stipulated for certain oil and gas business activities.
The leaders reaffirmed the crucial role of the rules-based multilateral trading system, and the importance of enhancing free, fair, and open trade for achieving sustainable growth and development.
As a result of the efforts of the Union Government, ethanol blending in petrol has increased from 38 crore litres in the ethanol supply year 2013-14, to an estimated 141 crore litres in the ethanol supply year 2017-18.
So, from that perspective, I am really late in visiting this great country.
I also want to thank our farmers for keeping the poor in mind and adopting cultivation of various pulse crops also besides the traditional crops because pulses are the biggest source of protein for poor people.
Around 12000 people in the cyclone affected area have been evacuated.
But I would like to tell you that Gurudev was also a painter.
Railway Electrification Equipments
“Collapse of a building in Mumbai is saddening.
Our financial services collaboration will be enhanced by a programme of technical cooperation to help develop markets in insolvency, pensions and insurance.
Look forward to meet my friend President Ashraf Ghani and exchange notes on regional situation and setting agenda for bilateral cooperation in the coming period.
Our vast consumer base, rising incomes, favourable investment climate and a Government dedicated to ease of doing business, all make India ‘the place to be’ for the global food processing fraternity.
He said, God could be found only through Karma (duty), Jnan (enlightenment) and Bhakti (devotion).
The Prime Minister will visit the SantKabir Cave.
This App is not only connecting the villagers with the whole world but now they can obtain any information on their own mobile phones.
My Ministerial colleagues
Said he “Sir, just listen to the radio”.
Both sides expressed that, in order to derive full value from these infrastructure projects, the institutional arrangements related to connectivity needed to be put in place on priority.
He also congratulated farmer families engaged in dairy farming, and fisheries, as they now have access to Kisan Credit Cards.
In this context, the leaders appreciated the recent decision taken by the three countries to convene a joint forum involving important stake holders, including from business and industry.
One of you was born here and actually grew up in Vadodara!
First, all development sectors must imbibe the principles of disaster risk management.
Under this MOU, a Joint Committee will be set up to follow up the implementation of this MOU.
The 25 PRAGATI meetings so far have seen a cumulative review of 227 projects with a total investment of over Rs. 10 lakh crore.
It is mentioned in Atharvaveda that-
He had started his life from there.
We have chosen to highlight this dimension this year.
Government provides Interest subvention to different banks and cooperatives for short term crop loan extended by them to farmers at concessional rate of 7% and in case of timely repayment, an additional subvention of 3%.
This is a part of Prime Minister’s development package for Jammu & Kashmir.
He said, “the bill has cleared the decks for grant of Indian citizenship to the sons and daughters of Mother India residing in Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan.
I came here in 2014 on the occasion of ASEAN summit, however, this is my first bilateral visit to the golden land of Myanmar.
There was a time when development was believed to depend on the quantity of capital and labour.
Our actions and aspirations, capacities and human capital, democracy and demography,and strength and success. will continue to be an anchor for all round regional and global progress.
Last year in Tel Aviv, you had expressed the intent to cut down bureaucratic red tape with a machete and forge ahead with speed.
A ‘New India’ is rising.
28. Ladies and Gentlemen, we have begun our journey towards a transformed India.
Must we not do this rightly and must we not stop the destructive acts.
We should connect our large economic centres, economic centres are growth centres as well and those place where economy thrives; we also need to connect these places with interior areas through the road connectivity.
Though I cannot explain it the way it has been mentioned exactly, but while reading these verses and later during its interpretations I found this very close to the doctrine of Advaita.
Establishment of strong quality regimen
Must know that nay such attempt is destined to fail and will be foiled.
The Government and the opposition – both are putting forth their view points.
To remove one Modi, see who all they are trying to bring together:
Global Leadership
The global fraternity was worried about the health of this member of fragile five club.
2. The information received under the Agreement shall be treated as confidential and may be disclosed only to persons or authorities (including courts or administrative bodies) concerned with assessment, collection, enforcement, prosecution or determination of appeals in relation to taxes covered under the Agreement.
The meetings of the Working Group shall take place at least every two years, alternately in the Republic of India and in Ukraine.
MMRDA will also hand over all the land documents, revenue maps of Gorai land duly mutated in the Records of Rights in the name of AAI.
The Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi and the President of the United States of America Barack Obama met today in the White House during an official working visit of Prime Minister Modi to the United States.
I am immensely grateful to my fellow leaders from Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, Maldives and Sri Lanka for joining me today to celebrate this launch.
It therefore promotes equity across all citizens.
Name: Shri Vijay Goel
I welcome you all to World Food India 2017.
It just lay dormant gathering dust.
He will address a diverse gathering, consisting of farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials, and legislators.
Be it for a village, for the poor, or for the farmers, he had been providing his inputs all the time while studying these topics very closely.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of noted Hindustani classical vocalist Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar.
More than Rs. 1.75 lakh crores deposited in the banks is under the scanner.
To galvanise global action, India has started the International Solar Alliance, which has the support of over 120 countries.
This is almost a four fold increase!
Recalling his initial address, the Prime Minister said that in a very simple way, he spoke of the vision for New India, and about the Vedas written 5000 years ago.
H.E. Gholamreza Ansari, Ambassador of Iran
He added that the government is using technology to ensure effective last mile delivery of services.
I see such statements by people on TV, whose faces I haven’t even seen and they end up becoming spokesmen on TV
By taking expert manpower on deputation, TCIL can remain competitive in national and international market as it is difficult for TCIL to get such manpower from the open market at the economical rates as compared to deputationist and that too at a short notice.
Displaying utmost sensitivity and alertness, our Parliament has made the social justice framework stronger to protect the interests of the weaker sections of society – be it a Dalit, a deprived or exploited person or women.
We will renew this exchange of thoughts on newer topics in the year to come, we’ll share new experiences.
“I will travel to Astana, Kazakhstan for two days on 8-9 June for the Summit meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO).
The proposed Medipark would contribute to the development of medical devices and technology sector and allied disciplines in the country, which is still at a nascent stage besides generating employment and give a boost to the government’s “Make in India” Campaign.
18. Both leaders expressed satisfaction at the growing presence of Indian and Saudi companies in each other’s market and agreed to further encourage trade promotion measures and participation in fairs and exhibitions.
PM also complimented the role of the Parliamentary Affairs Ministers during the tenure of 16th Lok Sabha.
Due to the efforts of security forces and endeavours made by State Governments, and also due to the implementation of Central and State Government developmental schemes and the people’s participation, Tripura and Meghalaya have been liberated from the Armed Forces Special Power Act.
But now the same experts and the institutions have expressed confidence that our reform momentum has strengthened our economic fundamentals.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed over 360 Officer Trainees of the 92nd Foundation Course at LBSNAA, Mussoorie, on the 2nd day of his visit.
Now you spoke of job creation.
This scheme, he said, has helped in the development of the “personal sector,” as a means of livelihood and self-employment.
They have to live amongst many different people.
Governor of Jharkhand Ms Draupadi Murmu and CM of Jharkhand Shri Raghuvar Das was also present on the occasion.
So to protect human dignity, we have to move ahead with those schemes which will ensure respectable lives for people.
We take note of the fact that both States are committed to building knowledge based economies, on the basis of latest scientific advances and innovation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness over the demise of legendary painter Shri Syed Haider Raza.
The success of GST is the result of the willpower of the people sitting in this House.
These professions are perceived to be the cream professions or are highly respectable jobs.
Trade ties continue to grow.
It will fulfill the wishes of the State Government and the people.
We salute all those martyred in Uri.
On the other hand piece meal thinking with targeted comeback in elections after five years will leave us as a loser on the front of overcoming the challenges mounting ahead of cities.
The commitment for farmer welfare is also reflected by unprecedented decision of announcing minimum support price based on the formula of 1.5 times the cost of cultivation.
The Prime Minister was apprised of the preparation done so far, including consultations with States, for the smooth and expeditious rollout of the Health Assurance programme.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will interact directly with farmers across the country through video bridge at 9.30am tomorrow.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his twenty-ninth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
• Additional Income to Farmers: By adopting 2G technologies, agricultural residues/waste which otherwise are burnt by the farmers can be converted to ethanol and can fetch a price for these waste if a market is developed for the same.
This festival is now also celebrated in some parts of the world.
The Prime Minister visited a Digital Exhibition, accompanied by the Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Antonio Guterres.
o We have also moved up twenty one places on the Global Innovation Index of WIPO in two years.
d. Provide an incentive to PLIs for increased participation in the housing and urban development sector;
I am very happy to be here today.
I am reminded of what Mahatma Gandhi had said in 1927, when he had visited Sri Lanka at the invitation of the student Congress of Jaffna.
The Union Cabinet chaired by chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Cadre review and formation of Group ‘A’ service of the technical cadre of Petroleum & Safety Organization (PESO) in the name of Indian Petroleum & Explosives Safety Service (IPESS).
DAY-NRLM has emerged as the largest institutional platform for women’s empowerment.
To this end, they issued strategic guidance to their respective militaries to strengthen communication in order to build trust and mutual understanding and enhance predictability and effectiveness in the management of border affairs.
He laid foundation stone of City Gas Distribution Networks in Kamrup, Cacher, Hailakandi & Karimganj districts.
After that, she wrapped a cloth around the medal & kept it in a bag.
India, with its reputed resources, will surely be an active participant in this superior science discovery which is for the welfare of humankind.
Over 2000 delegates are expected to participate in the summit, including policy makers, researchers, think tanks, diplomats and corporates from around the world.
CERT-In is a national nodal agency under Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India, with the objective of securing Indian cyber space.
Setting up of AIIMS-like institutions; and
The recapitalisation bonds will be on the lines issued to Public Sector Banks.
Excellency, let me once again welcome you and your delegation to India.
The disciplined, dedicated, and talented youth of India offers a globally unmatched work-force.
And the biggest thing was… and this, of course, came as a surprise to me… that maximum number of people took part in this exercise through the portal of the website of the Rural Employment Scheme which is being run by the government.
This is despite the fact that India has little diamond or gold production.
In the course of the event which lasted about two hours, the Prime Minister took questions on a range of subjects, including nervousness, anxiety, concentration, peer pressure, parents’ expectations, and the role of teachers.
Swachhagrahis are key to driving progress towards achieving an open defaecation free nation.
I will also meet the President of Vietnam, Mr. Tran Dai Quang, the General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam, Mr. Nguyen Phu Trong; and the Chairperson of the National Assembly of Vietnam, Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan.
BIA is likely to increase the comfort level and boost the confidence of investors by assuring a level playing field and non-discrimination in matters related to investments, thus providing conducive investment climate to investors.
He said that the current century is about skill development.
It has been 20 years since Pokhranand this test was done on Buddha Purnima with the blessings of Lord Buddha.
She was instrumental in the victory of AIADMK in the General Elections to the Lok Sabha and to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly in 1984.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised about an Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space between India and Armenia.
Prime Minister conveyed his gratitude for the invitation and agreed to the visit at a suitable time.
It will also ease the pressure on railway and road infrastructure due to long distance transportation of urea from Western and Central Regions and thereby saving in Govt. subsidy on freight.
We, the leaders of India and Russia, in the year that marks the 70th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between our countries, note that the Indian-Russian special and privileged strategic partnership is a unique relationship of mutual trust between two great powers.
This will enable the imbibing of good governance and best practices in the region.
Indian government has Rs 40,000 crore rupees from the CAMPA Fund.
ARNAB: Prime Minister Modi, there’s a question related to this.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
For example, can we find farmer-centric solutions to the problem of crop burning?
This Agreement is on similar lines as entered into by India with other countries.
The President stressed the significance of the Prime Minister’s assurance conveyed during the joint inauguration of Storay Palace on 22 August 2016 via a video link that 1.25 billion people of India firmly stand with their Afghan brothers and sisters.
Korea was, and still remains, a role-model of economic growth for me.
This made no one excluded in Thuglak.
The exit of the red beacon through a government decision is part of a system.
Department of Economic Affairs on 20th June, 2016 approved that this Ministry may move a draft Cabinet Note to seek the approval of the Cabinet for creation of.
Specifically, the United Kingdom and India will make commitments to help create a more sustainable, prosperous, secure and fairer future for all Commonwealth citizens by taking action:
Along with its Australian and Indonesian counterparts, the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services is mandated to issue regional tsunami bulletins.
We feel that the youths are very ambitious today and they plan big.
This year, we the hundred & twenty five crore countrymen are celebrating the thousandth birth anniversary of Saint Ramanujacharya.
He said that Governors, through their vast experience in public life, can motivate civic agencies and government departments to work with commitment towards this cause.
Mentioning the records that have been established today, through the sheer scale of this event, the Prime Minister congratulated Navsari for this feat.
In order to provide access and financial protection at secondary and tertiary care levels, the policy proposes free drugs, free diagnostics and free emergency care services in all public hospitals.
These indicators reflect the growth in demand in urban areas.
The Prime Minister said that all of us, who may not have got a chance to lay down our lives for the nation, should take the opportunity to live for the nation.
Yoga has the power to connect the entire world.
He said the Government had procured 16 lakh tonnes of pulses this year, far in excess of the procurement of previous years.
Several efforts were made in past to arrest the declining trend but it could not succeed to turn around.
Similar is the story on the African continent, and in South Africa.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of former Union Minister, Shri Priya Ranjan Dasmunsi.
He said the flag on the 150 feet high mast, is an attempt to preserve the memory of this day in 1943, when Netaji unfurled the tricolour.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that he bows to the travellers of the Narmada Seva Yatra – and hoped that their efforts would bear fruit that serves India, and the poorest of the poor.
In the last four years, the amount of Foreign Direct Investment received in the country was almost equal to what was received in seven years before 2014.
Ms. Pamela Charlette, Minister for Habitat Infrastructure and Land Transport
The authorized capital of the company as on 31st March 2017 is Rs. 60 crores, while the paid up capital is Rs. 59.20 crores.
Prime Minister assured the athletes that Government would provide them adequate support and facilities.
We have initiated Population-based Prevention, Control, Screening and Management of common non-communicable diseases such as Diabetes, Hyper-tension and Common Cancers.
Financial Implications:
The key words of this great man were, ‘We shall do or die’.
Political Dialogue
The TIWB Programme aims to strengthen tax administrations of developing countries by transferring technical know-how and skills to their tax auditors, and through the sharing of general audit practices and dissemination of knowledge products with them.
The Force, which had made a beginning with a sanctioned strength of 3192 in 1969, has grown to a strength of 1,49,088 as on 30.06.2017.
Our people to people ties and exchanges, as always, provide the bedrock of our ties of friendship.
Umbrella Scheme for Development of Scheduled Castes
A high level Russian delegation would visit India to organize investment road-shows and promote greater Indian investments in the Far East.
Our historical people-to-people ties provide a strong basis to our partnership.
He said that it is also a responsibility to be careful and conserve as much water as possible.
When we fall sick, we want to get well as soon as possible and as a result pop in just any antibiotic that we can lay our hands on.
Nearly 19 lakh new citizens have come under the scope of indirect taxes following the implementation of GST.
I assure the countrymen that in this hour of crisis we shall leave no stone unturned to ensure the wellbeing of all.
One Richa Anand Ji has sent me this question: –
True to its name, they brought glory to the country with their brave deed of conquering the Everest.
Being societies, IIMs are not authorized to award degrees and, hence, they have been awarding Post Graduate Diploma and Fellow Programme in Management.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Egypt for cooperation in the field of agriculture & allied sectors.
You have been smart in asking me to only address the gathering, and not sing.
Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay’s philosophy forms the core of our political, economic and social ideology.
67. Keenly aware of the need for Africa’s industrialisation and the realisation of the African Union’s Agenda 2063, we commend African countries and the African Union on the signing of the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA).
On the 28th of August 2014, we had launched this campaign with a dream in our hearts.
In particular, our Farmer brethren have to bear a lot of losses because of the damage to their crops and fields.
“Deeply anguished by the loss of lives in the hospital fire in Odisha.
I felicitate the mothers and sisters of Riyasi from the bottom of my heart.
The Indian delegation was led by Dr. Harsh Vardhan, Minister of Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
Payment of PLB would result in motivating a large number of railway employees to improve the performance of the Railways and enhance the productivity levels further besides maintaining industrial peace.
The MoU shall create favourable conditions for long-term tourism cooperation for the mutual benefits of all stakeholders within the broader framework and areas of cooperation.
He has no such prefix or suffix of BK or VK.
Similarly, food grain production has increased to more than 279 million tonnes in 2017-2018 compared to average of 255 million tonnes during 2010-2014.
b. Exchange of information and expertise between the Ministries and respective Civil Aviation Authorities related to aviation regulations, regional air operations, airworthiness requirements and safety standards to enhance safety and security of air transport; and / or
The leaders urged implementation of the agreed outcomes of the meetings.
India itself has been battling cross border terrorism for decades.
The Prime Minister recalled that he has been visiting soldiers on Diwali, ever since he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat.
I, therefore, invite the Swiss companies to avail of this great opportunity to be a key partner in India’s economic growth.
At BJ Medical College, Ahmedabad
Let them have some issue to talk about
He said that these awards offer an opportunity for recognition of talented children, and serve as inspiration for others like them.
The Chaityabhoomi of Bharat Ratna Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar is situated in the vicinity of the land of Indu-6 Mill of National Textile Construction Limited (NTCL), Mumbai; a place of pilgrimage for millions of Indians.
Brothers and sisters, I’m happy as today these young students got the opportunity to meet me.
“We remember the great Sardar Patel on his Punya Tithi.
The team from All India Radio prepares each episode for broadcast in a number of regional languages.
Asserting that good connectivity will lead to greater development, the Prime Minister said stress is being given to roads, railways, and waterways.
It will motivate and boost the morale the Executives of Hydro CPSEs,
We want to make an India of countless startups,
And, I am most grateful for your warm and enthusiastic welcome.
The path these two great men have shown us, and the freedom that they have won for us, is an inspiration for all of mankind.
The strength of the Indian passport has multiplied manifold.
(c) exchange of invitations to events related to Public Administration and Governance Reforms and the dispatch of experts in this sector;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his twenty-second interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
Both leaders reviewed progress on decisions and agreements made during that visit.
After attaining Sannyas, in a very little age of 8 years, he dedicated 80 years of his life to strengthen his country and his society.
For financial markets to function successfully, participants need to be well informed.
Technical Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government Of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar for providing Coastal Surveillance System
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
And there are many families who have written to me these very feelings.
