The train is expected to significantly reduce travel time between the two cities.
He added that they have worked to the best of their ability for the brighter future of the nation.
The leaders also committed to enhance cooperation in support of the Government of India’s Make in India Initiative and expand the co-production and co-development of technologies under the Defense Technology and Trade Initiative (DTTI).
He said the current time can be described as a golden period when India is full of self-confidence.
Residents of the village Taudhakpur in Rae Bareilly, village chief, District Magistrate, CDO and every one joined in to create awareness amongst the masses.
These cultural bonds reflect themselves in many ways.
He said nature is now indicating that options such as solar, wind and water, offer more sustainable energy solutions.
Next year, to commemorate the seventy years of establishment of our diplomatic relations, we will celebrate Festival of India in Thailand, and Festival of Thailand in India.
The Indian Diaspora in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral ties.
Strengthening the people-to-people ties will also be an my endeavour during the Vietnam visit.
He said that besides the sugar sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
This inspires towards economic cleanliness also.
Government of India has taken up a goal of quantum shift in Online delivery of Government Services across the country.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the 10 health and wellness centres inaugurated today.
The Scheme aims at completion of the on-going projects already approved under FMP.
I am looking forward to taking part in the centenary celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram.
Digital payments including direct transfer of government benefits is now under full implementation.
My greetings to everyone celebrating these auspicious festivals!
Keeping this in view we have launched two far-reaching initiatives- Ujjwala and Saubhagya.
It also signals our joint commitment to build pathways of partnership for green growth.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today offered prayers, at Kashi Vishwanath Temple in Varanasi.
I see the development of India and China as an unprecedented opportunity, for our two countries and for the whole world.
A light and sound show is also shown there which is very inspiring.
It is you who have to shape your own future.
But whenever I look at the overall outcome of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, it reinforces my belief, that it is intrinsically, inseparably woven into the warp & weft of our common citizens’ lives, cent per cent.
b. Provide academic interaction by imparting training to AtoN personnel; and
On Ravidas Jayanti, Prime Minister paid homage to Shri Guru Ravidas.
The MoU on Defence Cooperation, signed earlier today, will help steer our defence engagements in the right direction.
For example in Automobile sector, The National electric mobility mission aims for affordable and efficient Electric Vehicles.
He said the Anganwadi workers have a key role to play in this regard.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
Within four years, we have brought Delhi to the doorsteps of North-East.
Subsequently, a India’s son and great scientist Dr Jagdish Chandra Bose had also proved it before the world.
The Government of India has so far signed bilateral Agreements on Transfer of Sentenced Persons with United Kingdom, Mauritius, Bulgaria, France, Egypt, Sri Lanka, Cambodia, South Korea, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Bangladesh, Brazil, Israel, Bosnia & Herzegovina, UAE, Italy, Turkey, Maldives-, Thailand, Russian Federation, Kuwait, Viet Nam, Australia, Hong Kong, Qatar, Mongolia, Kazakhstan and Bahrain.
BHIM Aadhaar App for digital transaction has come as a surprise to the world.
The One Time Settlement (OTS) terms include complete waiver of interest and settle on principal amount of Rs. 305.63 crore in settlement of all pari-passu collateral held by them.
Over the last one year, over 1.04 crore youth have been trained under the Mission.
About 6 crore women have joined the self-help groups under the Din Dayal Antayoday scheme and more than Rs. 75000 crore of loans have been provided to such self-help groups.
Financial Outlay:
They welcomed the signing of an agreement on labour cooperation for recruitment of General Category Workers.
Thus, paving the way for large scale modernisation and ensure world class infrastructure.
One international organisation has reported that during the last two years, 5 crore poor people have crossed the poverty line.
As President Uhuru said, they are proud Kenyans even as they cherish their Indian roots.
In infrastructure and connectivity, transport and energy, we are poised to scale up our cooperation.
Shri Vijay Gokhale, Secretary (ER)
Under Bharatmala a detailed project report for Mumbai Kanyakumari Corridor is under preparation.
IPPB will offer a range of products such as savings and current accounts, money transfer, direct benefit transfers, bill and utility payments, and enterprise and merchant payments.
Over a century ago, the heroic labour connected Uganda to the shores of the Indian Ocean through railway.
I found in President Lukashenku matching enthusiasm and desire to scale up our partnership for the benefit of our people.
Implementation strategy:
I respectfully pay my homage to all these brave soldiers, I bow to them.
We want it to become a symbol of the global migration, experiences, struggles, achievements and aspirations of the Indian Diaspora .
The great stalwart like them have given such strength to the country, which is unique and incomparable.
• More than 34,000 AK 47 Rifles were seized.
The Prime Minister said that the need for the Global Housing Technology Challenge, was felt in the light of rapid urbanization in India.
This is an exciting universe in which competitiveness and cooperation co-exist.
Besides sports, he mentioned the school results of Class 10 and 12; and women space scientists who have played a key role in prestigious ISRO missions.
They have especially been told to proactively resolve the problems in rural and remote areas.
Many times, those using fake five hundred and thousand rupee notes have been caught and many such notes have been seized.
They expressed confidence that the CEP would also promote cultural exchanges between the North Eastern States of India and the bordering areas of Myanmar.
And it’s not in words but in actual achievement.
His teachings are eternal and are relevant for people of all sections of society.
It provides an opportunity to identify study and deliver international environmental research priorities, for the society, in an accelerated way through trans­national research collaboration between natural and social scientists and alignment of international resources
They expressed satisfaction at the excellent state of bilateral ties of friendship and cooperation, which are marked by trust, mutual understanding, goodwill and respect for each other’s interests.
This allowed one hundred per cent FDI and provided an opportunity to private players to come, invest and operate in the Indian upstream sector.
And, its 500 million plus youth is skilled and ready to meet the global needs of manpower.
(b) Creation of the GST Council Secretariat, with its office at New Delhi;
The MoU will facilitate workforce mobility, skill development and placement of youth in overseas jobs in Qatar.
Presently there is no Air Services Agreement between these two countries.
The policy is patient centric and quality driven.
So for the ‘Team India’, for the 125 crore countrymen, we have to take the pledge to achieve the goal by 2022.
He called upon Chief Ministers of Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Sikkim, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Andhra Pradesh, to work together to make recommendations on a coordinated policy approach to the two subjects of “agriculture and MNREGA,” including both pre-sowing, and post-harvest phases.
41 business leaders representing a wide spectrum of the Indian economy were present at the interaction.
We should have this confidence that with sacrifice and hard work and a resolve to do something, we will get necessary resources and the ability to do it and then a big transformation will happen, and our resolve will convert into accomplishment.
It is an important financial and transportation hub in the East African region.
Friends, India is developing in different spheres.
This will help provide adequate and timely funds to the States/UTs for achieving the goal of SBM(G) within the targeted timelines.
The 510 bedded Hospital will have state of art facilities.
He said the National Highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
US Secretary of Defense James Mattis called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
Many games also make us aware about our society, environment and other spheres.
It has also decided to set up a Commission, under section 340 of the Constitution, to sub categorize the OBCs, so that the more backward among the OBC communities can also access the benefits of reservation for educational institutions and government jobs.
• The Mission will lay down the strategy and roadmap which will enable India to leverage upon its size and scale to develop a competitive domestic manufacturing ecosystem for electric mobility.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the Union Government’s ambitious health assurance scheme Ayushman Bharat.
The PM added, “We were among the highest growing tourist destinations in the world in 2017.
Thereafter, the MoU will be extended at any time within the period it remains in force by mutual written consent of the Parties.
This means that India is a follower of global fashion rather than a leader of global taste.
The amalgamated bank will be better equipped in the changing environment to meet the credit needs of a growing economy, absorb shocks and capacity to raise resources.
If you use LED bulbs, you can save Rs.2000 to Rs. 5000 per year.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister conveyed greetings on the occasion of Christmas.
India now ranks 26th in the World Bank’s “Ease of Getting Electricity” Index, up from 99th in 2014.
It seemed at times, that the evils and corruptions of society,
Hon. James KABAREBE, Minister of Defence
Passengers will now get amenities at par with international railway terminals and a large number of local job creation is expected as a positive external outcome of this program.
We shall have to take up this challenge facing our country, forgetting all barriers of casteism, communalism, regionalism and other difference, so that, our steps against terror are firmer, stronger and more decisive.
They cope up with the trauma but begin afresh with the same fervour.
Prime Minister Modi warmly recalled the successful visit of Prime Minister Turnbull to India in April 2017, and said that the bilateral relationship has deepened a lot since his own visit to Australia in 2014.
He encouraged people to use digital modes of money exchange to the extent possible, as this would increase transparency.
Leader of the Conservative Party of Canada and Leader of Her Majesty’s Loyal Opposition of Canada, Mr Andrew Scheer, called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
People should be encouraged to take the finest photographs and upload them.
When Science is harnessed keeping in minds the needs of common folk, when ways and means to naturally use those principles for people’s requirements are devised, when appropriate mediums and technologies are deliberated upon, it paves the way for it to be considered the most valuable contribution for general humanity.
As two developing countries we also decided to move on infrastructure development two-way investment flows leveraging our respective capabilities.
The Cabinet also approved an increase in the authorized capital of Exim Bank from Rs. 10,000 crore to Rs. 20,000 crore.
Last year, nearly 3 and a half crore people have benefited from this.
And you will see for yourself, that the pressure will be converted into pleasure.
The Prime Minister said that because of digital infrastructure, the format of engagement between citizens and Government is changing.
This was the first time that an Indian Prime Minister had addressed the Ugandan Parliament.
The project is also an example of environment friendly development.
My dear countrymen, be it Navratri, Durgapuja or Vijayadashmi, I offer all my heartfelt greetings to all of you on account of these holy festivals.
This inclusive Constitution is the harbinger of a resolve to build a New India.
As per an estimate, the municipality of a tier-two town has made on an average saving Rs. 10-15 crore.
Governments have come and gone.
Everything has rules and will work accordingly and move forward
The frequency of our interaction demonstrates the drive, dynamism and depth of our ties.
We have got very encouraging results of our sincerity and hard work.
Union Minister, Shri Dharmendra Pradhan and Minister of State (Independent Charge), Shri Santosh Kumar Gangwar were also present on the occasion.
This step will strengthen the hands of the common man in the fight against corruption, black money and fake currency.
Name: Smt Anupriya Singh Patel
The MoU is proposed to be signed during the upcoming visit of the WIP from Denmark to India in January, 2019.
An implementation committee shall be created with an equal number of representatives of each party for the purpose of regularly determining the activities and developing work plans and subsequently their evaluation.
We have seen those difficult days and governments generally increasing the number of tankers to supply more water.
e) A unit receiving incentives under the scheme, will provide an undertaking to remain in commercial production for a period of at least 3 years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
He noted how not just Indians, but citizens of many other countries have been rescued from conflict and disaster situations.
Who would know better than all of you present here about the challenges the country was facing during the second half of 2013 and early 2014;
It had also obtained records, caste-wise, of OBCs admitted in higher educational institution as well as similar caste-wise data of recruits in Central Departments, Central Public Sector Undertakings, Public Sector Banks & Financial Institutions.
The national flags of many countries were together hoisted at the Kumbh.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited the National Assembly of Mozambique, in Maputo.
PM said, the development initiatives of the NDA government have touched several lives which have been reflected in the budget proposals from farmer welfare to middle class, from income tax relief to infrastructure, from manufacturing to MSME, from housing to healthcare and from the increased pace of development to the New India,
During the interaction, Prime Minister urged to spread further information about Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan.
As of today, it is implementing 34 projects in the North Eastern States covering a length of 1001 kilometres at a total cost of over Rs. 10,000 crore.
On way to Kenya, I had also visited Mozambique, South Africa and Tanzania.
He said this Conference is helping top police officers get a more holistic view of problems and challenges.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
On the 25th of September, the birth anniversary of Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyaya, the Pradhanmantri Jan Arogya Abhiyan will be launched throughout the country.
If you have any ideas for the Third International Yoga Day, please do send me your suggestions and guidance through my mobile Application.
We staunchly believe in peace; we are committed to taking it forward… but NOT at the cost of compromising our self-respect and sovereignty of our Nation.
I am proud that India’s first woman Defence Minister Nirmala Ji is from Tamil Nadu.
Union Minister for Finance, Shri Arun Jaitley and Minister of State for Finance, Shri Pon Radhakrishnan were also present at the event.
• FIIs/FPIs allowed to invest in Power Exchanges through primary market
I congratulate all those athletes who are bringing back medals.
It is a reflection of our capability and helps in building the confidence and faith of the future generations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed a large and enthusiastic public meeting on the occasion of the commencement of work for the Rajasthan Refinery at Pachpadra, in Barmer, Rajasthan.
The initiatives taken today may take some years to show results, but I am confident that tangible results will soon become visible.
It brings into effect the Extradition Treaty signed between India and Iran in 2008.
As there were wide differences among members, with a few members not supporting acknowledgment and reiteration of key underlying principles guiding the WTO and varied agreed mandates, Ministers could not arrive at an agreed Ministerial Declaration.
25. The EU hoped for a swift solution, through the due process of law in India, in the case of MV Seaman Guard Ohio, which concerns fourteen Estonian and six British citizens sentenced to prison by an Indian court.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to the newly elected representatives.
The Prime Minister directed the use of new technologies in road construction also.
In accordance with this announcement, IWAI was allowed to issue infrastructure bonds worth Rs.1000 crore for the first time during 2016-17.
He later visited Blast Furnace-8 at the Bhilai Steel Plant, and was briefed on various aspects of the Plant.
The Agreement would lead to development of joint activity in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
The proposal for abolition of FIPB was approved by the Cabinet in its meeting on 24-05-2017.
The Utkarsh Bank specializes in micro-finance.
The two leaders also discussed global development finance.
This project will reduce travel time between Alappuzha and Thiruvananthapuram, and will also decongest traffic in Kollam town.
My resolve is to make India the most open economy in the world.
During the talks, the two leaders reviewed developments since the very successful State visits of the President and the State Counsellor of Myanmar to India in August and October 2016 respectively.
This is an appropriate example of our commitment towards South Asia.
We have given a boost to their spirit by giving Youth Awards on 24th January.
You too would feel that, you would’ve committed the same mistake.
The Prime Minister’s interactions lasted a total of over nine hours.
And decide what you will do for the country, for the future of millions and millions of aspiring youths.
He will also address the gathering.
Then the people and the country will progress and prosper.
The interest payment will be on semi-annual basis and the principal on maturity.
Hesaid that “My vision for India’s energy future has four pillars:
7. Development and extension of cooperation in the field of plant quarantine;
First of all, I would like to congratulate the 5 award winners from the bottom of my heart.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of various projects of the Government of India and Government of Jharkhand, at an event in Sindri.
It is one of the most sweeping indirect tax reforms in any federal polity in the world, in which complexities such as multiplicity of taxes and cesses, multiplicity of rates, multiple compliances, and cascading of taxation will be removed.
“I will always cherish the affection of the people of Meghalaya.
One of the major focus areas of DAY – NRLM is promotion of existing livelihood portfolios of the rural poor in farm and non-farm sectors.
In the run-up to the Nairobi Conference, it became clear that the Conference would determine the future of the Doha Round of trade negotiations.
The Sides agreed to further intensify cooperation in the field of exploration and use of outer space for peaceful purposes, including human spaceflight programmes, scientific projects, as well as agreed to continue developing cooperation on BRICS remote sensing satellite constellation.
About 81% progress of civil work and 55% of overall financial progress of the project have been achieved.
“On his birth anniversary, tributes to Maulana Abul Kalam Azad.
Our Coast Guard women officers are pilots, work as Observers, and not just that, they command Hovercrafts as well.
Air Navigation Services xii.
They can also exchange information on prevalent cyber security policies and best practices.
The first mantra is the expression of depression instead of its suppression.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
To achieve all this, India needed reforms to transform.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, and from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is now spread everywhere”, Prime Minister said
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
They welcomed the convergence in the political, economic and strategic interests of the two countries that provides an enduring basis for a long-term strategic partnership.
From national highways to rural roads, pace of construction has almost doubled as compared to the previous government.
The population of entire region of eastern U.P. which comprises of four Commissionerate of UP (Goarakhpur, Azamgarh, Basti and Devi Patan) comprising 14 districts of the state and also 5 districts of Western Bihar (West-Champaran, East-Champaran, Saran, Siwan, and Gopalganj) will be benefited by this AIIMS will be benefitted by the establishment of new AIIMS.
You may well imagine the missionary spirit of this retired teacher living on pension and donating an amount of fifty thousand rupees for the sake of provision of gas connection to the other poor mothers and sisters, in order to save them from the ill effects of Chulha smoke.
In a strong message to the perpetrators of the terror attack, he said it has been the policy of India not to interfere in other’s business.
Our Down-stream sectorhas been completely liberalizedwith market driven petrol and diesel pricesreflecting the changes in price of crude oil.
In doing so, the portal is expected to help catalyse greater collaboration towards the service of the weaker sections of society, especially by leveraging the benefits of technology.
He said that just as he is doing this Manthan with the collectors, they can do the same in the districts.
So this year we should again, during the Ganesh festival, organise essay competitions, have open discussions and remember the contributions of Lokmanya Tilak.
Our upbringing and ideologies might be different.
Further, the bank would get an opportunity to tap 11 lakh LIC agents for doorstep banking services, positioning it to improve customer services and deepen financial inclusion.
(iii) That the Madhya Pradesh Government will pay the occupation charges on 0.89 acre already in possession at the present land rates, till it is surrendered by Govt. of Madhya Pradesh to L&DO/MoHUA.
Prime Minister Modi has been selected in the leadership category for his pioneering work in championing the International Solar Alliance and for his unprecedented pledge to eliminate all single-use plastic in India by 2022.
The total estimated cost of the project is Rs.4441 crore including maintenance and operation costs for 30 years.
He also laid the Foundation Stone for Shore Protection Work near Mus Jetty, and Extension of Campbell Bay Jetty.
If we leave all these things here and these memories are going to be used just for sharing them with friends for the rest of life then something is missing.
Foundation stone of Dhule City Water Supply Scheme under AMRUT will be laid by PM.
Talking about the ‘Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao’ initiative, he said that villages with women Sarpanches can play a key role in the drive to end female foeticide.
Congratulations to her for the Bronze.
This year, students from across the country, and also Indian students residing abroad, participated in the event.
Just a while ago, 16 year old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to scale Everest from the Nepal side.
India will work with partner countries and multilateral development agencies to establish a facility for technical support to post-disaster reconstruction of houses.
The Prime Minister said India stands for peace, unity, and harmony.
In the same vein, he urged lawyers to come forward to provide pro-bono legal aid to the poor and needy.
Most of them are organic in origin.
Yoga is the journey from ‘me’ to ‘we.’
There should not only be a credence for India, but we also want that India should be effective in the world, we make India like that.
This is indeed a remarkable tradition.
Implementation of this project would help minimising some of the water of the River Ravi which at present is going waste through the Madhopur Headworks downstream to Pakistan.
A thought comes to my mind, that in order to promote tourism in India what could be the seven best tourist destinations in your state – every Indian must know about these seven tourist spots of his state.
However, the employer contribution will be maintained at 12%.
It was a war not of Afghan making, but it was one that stole the future of an entire generation of Afghans.
India will work with you and for you.
Responding to the aspirations of India’s youth, building world class institutions in India is one of the objectives of my government.
In this context, he also mentioned the Ayushman Bharat scheme, which he described as the world’s biggest healthcare assurance scheme.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Lebanon for cooperation in the field of agriculture and allied sectors.
In fact, micro plastics have now even entered basic food like salt, bottled water and tap water.
Before 2014 also, we heard of about a competition, although of a different kind.
The memorial has statues of Mahatma Gandhi and 80 Satyagrahis who had marched with him during the historic Dandi Salt March.
Once complete, this will be a major repair and maintenance facility for rail coaches in the northern region.
Moreover, there are a large number of medicinal plants, particularly those found in tropical region, which are common to the two countries given similar geo-climatic factors.
The Prime Ministercongratulated the local representatives for the courage displayed by them in the face of heavy odds; and for successfully participating in the democratic process, despite threats and intimidation.
There is now an air of prudence.
Sometimes we are so busy, that we even forget to offer water to the newspaper boy, the milkman, the vegetable seller, the postman or anybody else who come to our house in peak summer days.
I spoke to PM Sheikh Hasina & strongly condemned the despicable attack.
We are also encouraging and facilitating business and industry of both countries to increase the quality and quantum bilateral trade.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) the between India and Angola for promoting bilateral cooperation in the field of Electronics and Information Technology.
Our vision of an India-Korea Startup Centre – will provide a hub for Korean startups and Indian talent to freely communicate.
There is no production activity in the company since January 2003.
Yoga is not merely an exercise.
The last three events have been particularly big.
30. New India will be the biggest strength of democracy.
The project will be completed in five years in a phased manner.
They expressed confidence that strong India-US partnership will continue to be an important factor for global peace and prosperity.
It used to be above 12 per cent before 8th November 2016.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Tanzania in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine and Homeopathy.
This is a long-running humanitarian cooperation programme, between India and the Philippines, and was set up by an Indian origin Mayor of Manila Dr. Ramon Bagatsing.
He said that the start of a New Year is being celebrated in Gujarat today, and conveyed his greetings to everyone around the world.
Under your leadership, the Portuguese economy is on a steady course and right direction.
I have said before that India can become a developed country in one generation.
He recalled that such misinformation had been spread even when Shri Vajpayee was the Prime Minister.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that we will not ignore or forget the heritage that we have been historically proud of.
Of course, it is quite possible that my words this morning will act as a relaxant for you.
How I wish to make the sky listen to
• Management and mechanism to enrich feed & fodder nutritionally and its bulk transportation in deficit areas to realise higher productivity and production in livestock
We need to explore options to produce biodiesel on barren lands, which will further provide financial assistance to farmers.
In a message on the occasion of anti-leprosy day, the Prime Minister said that we have to work together for socio-economic uplift of the cured persons and for their contribution in nation-building.
The states can take up one or two sports of their choice and display their strength.
He set a definite goal and moved forward on its path with grit & determination.
I felt the need for greater coordination.
I assure the nation that those behind this despicable attack will not go unpunished.
Today I would like to say something especially to mothers and sisters also, since health and wellbeing have been a major part of our conversation today.
I am delighted to welcome President Almazbek Atambayev on his first state visit to India.
The first twenty-two meetings of PRAGATI have seen a cumulative review of 200 projects with a total investment of Rs. 9.31 lakh crore.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that urban administrators present in the gathering, are representatives of the cities which symbolize the hopes and aspirations of New India, and the new generation.
The exchange of faculty members of the premier institutes will help to bring symmetry in the capacities of the armed forces and contribute to countering and managing common threats and challenges much better.
Our farmers have not looked back since then.
Both India and South Africa, have huge demographic opportunities.
At Hazaribagh, Prime Minister will unveil following projects:
It highlights the importance of our Strategic Partnership, placing ASEAN at the centre of India’s Act East Policy.
He added that the youth of the country should be prepared to play a bigger role for the development of the nation and the society
It is important to build an atmosphere of trust.
72. We agree to further strengthen cooperation on convergence of accounting standards and auditing oversight of BRICS countries in the area of bond issuance, and to further cooperation in these areas.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything it can, to give enough water to the farmers.
For Admin expenses, up to 2% of the total project cost can be made.
• There will not be any conditions attached for OD upto Rs 2,000.
We agree that effective management of conventional and non-conventional threats in the Indian Ocean is essential to pursue economic opportunities; protect the livelihood of our communities, and provide security to our people.
He said Operation Greens, announced in the recent budget, will be beneficial for farmers growing fruits and vegetables, especially Tomato, Onion and Potato.
We intend to enhance and actively promote greater cooperation between our regions and states, with a particular emphasis on the Far East region of Russia.
The Government of India is committed to ensure that every woman gets adequate support and health care during pregnancy and at the time of delivery and every newborn is immunized on time which is the foundation for better health of the mother and the newborn.
He participated in grass root level movements such as the non-cooperation movement and provided great leadership to the Constituent Assembly as its President.
Special remission will not be given to prisoners who have been convicted for an offence for which the sentence is sentence of death or where death sentence has been commuted to life imprisonment; Cases of convicts involved in serious and heinous crimes like Dowry death, Rape, Human Trafficking and convicted under POTA, UAPA, TADA, FICN, POCSO Act, Money Laundering, FEMA, NDPS, Prevention of Corruption Act, etc.
Government is working on almost Rs1000 crore worth of projects for improving connectivity of the state.
An important aspect of our relationship is our cooperation in Science and Technology, and in Research and Innovation.
Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojna has provided a security cover to our farmers.
Cooperation between two countries in identified areas would be implemented through establishing institutional partnerships between Republican Institute for Vocational Education” (RIPO) , an apex institution for development of Belarusian vocational education system and Directorate General of Training for transfer of technology in VET delivery & its sustainability.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the establishment of Circuit Bench of Calcutta High Court at Jalpaiguri.
In the recent days, one can see a lot of emphasis being laid on Digi-Dhan.
Management of ISARC
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
As India’s premier institute of cancer, NCI, Jhajjar is responsible for identifying priority areas for Research & Development carrying out basic and applied research in molecular biology, genomics, proteomics, cancer epidemiology, radiation biology and cancer vaccines.
Go to Bhubaneshwar and cheer up the Indian team and also encourage each team there.
My dear countrymen, you may recall that we had successfully organized FIFA Under- 17 World Cup in the year2017.
We also need to see how the villagers, poor, farmers and laborers are benefited maximum from the Budget.
We note with satisfaction that two Meetings of the BIMSTEC Network of Policy Think Tanks (BNPTT) have been held and encourage BNPTT to organize regular consultations and programmes with stakeholders from the Member States with a view to intensifying people-to-people contact.
ARNAB: I think it is an interesting idea of simultaneous elections.
As a newspaper that was born when the nation embraced the Quit India Movement, may I suggest that the Dina Thanthi has a special responsibility in this regard.
My friends complain to me often that I sleep very little.
Thank you very much!
Today, President and I reviewed our multifaceted bilateral ties.
Their contribution in making our future is extremely important.
We will ensure that the benefits of increased finance, new markets, trade, investment, connectivity and economic integration are shared by as many countries as possible – and by the poorest and most marginalised – to build a more prosperous and safer future.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the participants of cleanliness related activities.
Launching of Finnish Space objects by Indian launch vehicles
The Labour Bureau data covers only a few sectors and the methodology is not based on updated panel of survey respondents.
According to me all of these things are extremely positive steps.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO), Ministry Of Health and Family Welfare of the Republic of India and Food and Drugs (FDA), Ministry of Health and Sports of Myanmar on Cooperation in Medical Products Regulation.
Union Ministers Shri Arun Jaitley and Shri Dharmendra Pradhan; Vice-Chairman NITI Aayog Dr. Rajiv Kumar and senior officials from the Union Government and NITI Aayog were also present at the interaction.
Speaking at a felicitation function organized for the Prime Minister, by the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation, Shri Narendra Modi called for innovation and skill development to achieve this objective.
He said the Kashi Vishwanath Temple has survived the vicissitudes of centuries.
Oils and oilseeds were added later in April, 2008 and the same were extended from time to time.
India is grateful for all this respect and pride they are giving us.
Both sides called on all states to reject the use of terrorism against other countries; dismantle terrorism infrastructures where they happen to exist and to cut off any kind of support and financing to the terrorists perpetrating terrorism from all territories against other states; and bring perpetrators of acts of terrorism to justice.
Our ‘Housing for All’ and ‘Power for All ’initiatives also stem from this same agenda of providing the basic amenities of life to those who cannot afford them.
Country has been at greatest loss because governments were run only for elections.
The process will get derailed if one party were to initiate this
He urged all present to maximize its use in the interest of good governance.
The Prime Minister said this initiative would be taken forward and institutionalised in the best possible way.
Having almost completed our programme to connect all villages with electricity, we have launched the Saubhagya scheme.
The membership would help India leverage the technical assistance and sectoral knowledge of the bank for the benefit of development of private sector.
I think we should propagate this wisdom.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled his visit to Vietnam in September 2016, during which the bilateral relationship was upgraded to the level of a Comprehensive Strategic Partnership.
Two or five rupees make no difference to your life, but have you thought how much heartache this petty habit of yours can cause him.
It will provide a platform to connect with various stakeholders, and collaborate for mutual prosperity.
After the collapse of Khmer Rouge regime, India was the first country to recognize the new government in 1981.
“When I meet you, I also feel that communication of our people living in foreign countries with government authorities in India is not a one way traffic any more,” the Prime Minister said.
4. As India embarks on a new era of development, it needs to learn much from America’s tradition of entrepreneurship and innovation.
He said lakhs of rifles will be made from this facility in Amethi, and will strengthen our security forces.
History is witness to the success of the ancient wisdom of India and Africa and the enduring strength of peaceful resistance.
4. Exchange of experience in the field of seed production based on modern technology; exchange of information concerning certification of seed in accordance with the legislation of the States of the Parties; exchange ofsamples of seeds on beneficial terms.
Greater Noida also mainly depends on road linkages for intra city traffic and connection with Noida and Delhi.
No it’s not.
Governor Abbott expressed appreciation for the contribution of people of Indian origin living in Texas to his State and to the United States.
And when Yogiji says: The Brahm entered within me, I entered within Brahm, is it self a simplified version of Advaita doctrine.
India, like South Africa is a young nation.
The Prime Ministers reaffirmed their support for the United Nations and the Secretary-General’s reform efforts to ensure a UN fit to support Member States to deliver on Agenda 2030 and took note ofhis proposals to strengthen the UN, including in the areas of development, peace operations, peacebuilding and conflict prevention.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Ex-post facto approval of the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed in 2008 and renewed in 2014 between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales (ICAEW).
• The satellite, which weighs over 2 tonnes, has been fabricated in three years at a cost of over Rs. 230 crore.
This is the highest ever improvement for India, and the highest jump for any country this year.
He said the work of the organization in the North-East, and during the time of disasters, has been especially praiseworthy.
I have assured the State Government of all possible support.
You must definitely come for this inspirational pilgrimage.
I have seen this from the moment I assumed office as Prime Minister.
One rupee per month was being deducted towards insurance premium which my husband had subscribed to.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given the approval for raising of four (4) additional battalions of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) to strengthen the India’s disaster response set up at an estimated cost of Rs 637 crore.
About 12% of emissions were offset by the carbon sink action of forestland, cropland and settlements.
Project will be covered under the legal framework of Central Metro Acts, Metro Railways (Construction of Works) Act, 1978 and the Metro Railways (Operation and Maintenance) Act, 2002, as amended from time to time.
It also indicates the mechanism of information exchange and the competent authorities in the two countries who are responsible for the implementation of the MoU and exchange of any information.
When I talk of sleep, please don’t think I am asking you to sleep at the cost of your preparation for the exams.
The MoU is an effective framework to deal with all issues requiring interaction and cooperation in the areas identified.
Mr. Sarkozy congratulated the Prime Minister for the success of “demonetization”, as well as on his party’s success in the recent Assembly elections in several States.
Interacting with the awardees, the Prime Minister said their deeds of bravery are discussed extensively, and also highlighted by the media.
Uganda is an example of Africa on the move.
Recalling the principles enshrined in the 1997 Bangkok Declaration, we reemphasize that cooperation within BIMSTEC will be based on respect for the principles of sovereign equality, territorial integrity, political independence, non-interference in internal affairs, peaceful co-existence and mutual benefit.
“On Kutchi New Year, the auspicious occasion of Ashadhi Bij, greetings to those celebrating.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Varanasi today.
More and more people are transacting digitally.
After the Bill becomes an Act, member of the communities newly listed in the revised list of Scheduled Tribes of Arunachal Pradesh will also be able to derive benefits meant for STs under the existing schemes of the Government.
On this day, a few years ago, I took oath as Chief Minister for the first time.
He worked extensively for the development of Kerala.
It happens very rarely that so many different programmes go on at the same time in so many villages of India.
A year ago, what the teacher had taught in the classroom, the whole scenario reappears in front of you.
He said the Union Government had unveiled an aviation policy which envisaged the future direction and growth of this sector.
The double success sets a new record of putting the heaviest satellite in orbit by an Indian launch vehicle.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved revision of the Indian Community Welfare Fund (ICWF) guidelines.
The revised Model MoU was drafted based on Egmont Group Secretariat revised Model MoU 2014.
PM will also lay the foundation stone for the construction of Northern Regional Centre Campus of Indian Institute of Mass Communication at Jammu through the unveiling of plaque
In this regard, they emphasized the need to improve market access by removing all trade barriers with a view to facilitate trade between the two countries.
This is also an occasion to collect funds for the welfare of the jawans of our armed forces.
Announcement of policies and budget doesn’t convince them.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Surat and Dandi in Gujarat on January 30, 2019.
Number of beneficiaries:
· 4th Business to Business (Industry Dialogue) Meeting (Durban)
We will continue to work with ASEAN to further enhance our trade ties, and facilitate interactions among our business community.
I am happy that with contribution and co-operation of state government, we have completed the project in an effective manner.
Addressing the gathering in Kalyan, the Prime Minister highlighted how the pace of infrastructure and public transport development had been accelerated by the Union Government.
Everything is otherwise normal.
The Prime Minister also presented President’s Police Medals for Distinguished Service to IB officers.
Paying tributes to BirsaMunda and Jamsetji Tata is, in a way, salutation to the glorious legacy and history of Jharkhand.
This 470-bedded hospital with state of art facilities will provide quality treatment on all disciplines of medicine.
It will be fulfilling the hopes and aspirations of the common man.
Noting their strong potential to provide Indian economy a positive thrust for growth, His Highness the Emir lauded the new initiatives of Prime Minister Modi including, “Start Up India”, “Make in India”, “Smart City”, and “Clean India” etc.
As two maritime trading nations, and as members of the Indian Ocean Rim Association, we also need to stand guard against sea borne threats.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in WW-1.
My dear countrymen, many a time in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, you must have heard me mention a thing or two about sports & sportspersons.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today presented a reproduction of a 1841 map of a stretch of the River Salween to President of Myanmar H.E. Mr. U Htin Kyaw.
They discussed global security, including cyber security, based on their shared values of human rights, democracy and the rule of law, and their commitment to uphold the rules-based international system.
This state is blessed with immense natural beauty and industrious citizens.
The merger will also lead to better management of high value credit exposures through focused monitoring and control over cash flows instead of separate monitoring by six different banks.
VVPAT device functions like a printer to be attached to the ballot unit and kept inside the voting compartment.
Today evening, the Prime Minister will visit CSIR-Central Drug Research Institute (CSIR-CDRI).
v. Enable the use of digital signatures such as through e-Sign, across borders.
Exams are not just for the students, they also put the students’ families, schools and teachers to test.
He said he has personally visited the North Eastern States several times to review development work.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Swami Vivekananda, on his Jayanti.
Secretary General, International Energy Forum
The beautiful landscapes of Cyprus and the wide horizons of ‘Incredible India’ can be a source of tourism promotion in both our countries.
Sharing an old speech in which I have spoken extensively about Shyamji Krishna Varma and his greatness https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLw_2cNVRuQ , the Prime Minister said.
Creation of regular posts in the place of “in situ” promotions will ensure more transparency in cadre management.
I also did not see a connect is in this.
There are about 12.34 lakh employees in 320 CPSEs in the country.
“Happy Makar Sankranti to everyone!
And our endeavour should be to make people aware of their power and to always have the tendency to further strengthen it by linking more and more people to it.
In the United Nations, India supported the decolonization of Morocco and the Moroccan freedom movement.
They welcomed annual Russian Festivals in India and Indian Festivals in Russia and highly appreciated the ongoing youth exchange programme, exchange of writers and reciprocal support of the National Film Festivals.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Selvi J Jayalalithaa.
There are also responsibilities which should be viewed in isolation from the politics.
Earlier, on arrival at the Schloss Meseberg, Prime Minister Modi signed the visitor’s book.
The objective of the MoU is to strengthen and encourage cooperation between the two countries on youth matters through participation in events and activities organized by the parties, information and knowledge sharing, and youth exchanges between the two countries.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
The bill is meant for that.
The Prime Minister spoke of the Union Government’s vision of Transformation through Transportation.
“On Vijay Diwas we salute the unflinching courage of all those who fought in 1971 and protected our nation diligently.
He had talked about the importance of federalism, federal system and stressed on Center and states working together for the upliftment of the country.
This will be of immense importance to both countries.
Our existence as political workers is on account of the people.
Both sides reconfirmed their commitment to promoting peace, security, and stability and supporting Afghanistan on its development path to become a self-reliable and prosperous state.
For various reasons, the contribution of tax from those who make money on the markets has been low.
He unveiled a logo to mark the launch of “Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation” programme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has urged people to take the pledge to save every drop of water, on World Water Day.
This is the era of honesty and integrity; there is no place for those who cheat the system, the Prime Minister said.
JSK organizes various activities with target populations as a part of its mandate.
We are also aware/ that the defence manufacturing sector is unique in terms of government involvement.
Shri Modi said that the young athletes should inspire youngsters in their schools and villages to take up sports.
He added, “We have also made Doing Business cheaper.
On February 19th, the Prime Minister will address via Video Conference, the World Conference on Information Technology, being held at Hyderabad.
The MoU will facilitate exchange of information, expert meetings,seminars technical visits and implementation of jointly agreed cooperation projects.
They welcomed the meeting of Saudi India Business Council in New Delhi in December 2015 and agreed that Council was a useful platform for furthering trade and economic cooperation.
He said the hawkers have helped the newspaper reach so many households daily.
Reviewing progress towards the roadmap to deliver 1 crore houses in the rural areas by 2019, the Prime Minister said that the positive impact of housing on the lives of the beneficiaries should be suitably examined, and the focus should be on improving their quality of life.
This entire scheme is a good example of money being well spent.
He said that the Union Government is working firmly with the vision of treating farmers as “Annadaata.”
Speaking on the theme of technology, the Prime Minister said that it can bring about a phenomenal change to our villages.
Your thoughts echo the sentiment that is captured by today’s launch.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
Under our UDAY scheme, we are working towards this objective.
Our many ports and harbours and the world’s oldest dockyard at Lothal bear evidence to vibrant trade linkages.
Millions of Indians responded to Mahatma Gandhi’s clarion call and the mantra of ‘Do or Die’; they flung themselves into the struggle.
He takes immense pride in his success in pulling himself up by the bootstraps after being born into poverty.
Many participants strongly recommended the inclusion of gas and electricity in the GST framework.
The insulation is meant to keep heat and noise to very low levels for additional passenger comfort.
I hope that this journey is enjoyable for you and your family.
It is a matter of immense pride and prestige for us.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met all Secretaries to the Government of India.
For this I am thankful to him.
Everybody though that better place it here else this will be swept away by Modi.
During 2014 to 2019, the country would register average growth of seven point four percent and the average inflation would be less than four and half percent;
Restrictions regarding pulses were first imposed in August 2006 and are extended from time to time.
He asserted that India will be a responsible nation with regard to climate and work towards zero-defect, zero-effect manufacturing, entailing no detrimental effect on the environment.
The Prime Minister has also approved Rs. 50,000 each for those injured due to the accident.
Today also, one Japanese township has been announced.
The cost of the project is Rs.1123 crore and it will be set up under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).
My Friend and Hon’ble Prime Minister of Sri Lanka His Excellency Mr. Ranil Wickremesinghe
Stringent provisions are proposed against misleading advertisements.
You must focus on how to improve upon your past performance and how to perform even better.
Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar and Kutch
India stands shoulder to shoulder with Bangladesh.
He will also lay the foundation stone for six laning of Karaipettai-Walajapet section of NH-4.
Our festivals, impart to us many social values.
So I requested a demonstration and a pleasant surprise was in store for me.
He described the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory as a prime example of Make in India, and a source of employment in the region.
I will interact with the Indian community a programme in Johannesburg on 8th July.
It will increase the availability of doctors and enhance medical education opportunities to students.
It could only be a visionary like Atalji who brought in this transformation and as a result of this, healthy traditions blossomed in our polity.
He will address the gathering.
M-Aarogya mobile app and door to door waste collection, segregation and processing of Solid Waste in Dadra & Nagar Haveli was also launched.
I don’t think there is any need to repeat the fact that in India’s economic development, in our priorities for development, Netherlands is a natural partner.
Prime Minister thanked him for his support to India’s accession to the SCO.
This is a follow up of the joint statement issued by the two Prime Ministers during the visit of Prime Minister of India; Shri Narendra Modi to UK on April 18, 2018, which states the following:
While often competing with each other in implementing business reforms, they are also helping each other in implementing them.
He said India can no longer afford delay in infrastructure projects, especially connectivity projects.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended best wishes to the Global Investors’ Summit 2017 in Jharkhand.
But 26th January, 2018, will especially be remembered through the ages.
Both knowledge and skills are equally important, the Prime Minister added.
He revealed that the Government has thought of developing additional 15000 km of gas pipeline network.
I look forward to meeting President Peña Nieto on June 8 during my visit to Mexico, a privileged partner in the Latin American region.
Addressing the jawans, he said he had been visiting armed forces personnel every year on Diwali since 2001.
When I meet you, I also feel that communication of our people living in foreign countries with government authorities in India is not a one-way traffic any more.
The MoU was signed on 22.6.2016 during the visit of a delegation led by the Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Skill Development and Entrepreneurship to Switzerland from 20th – 22nd June, 2016.
Shri Narendra Modi said he was fortunate to have had the occasion for social work among the tribals in his youth.
Prime Minister Modi stated that Government of India’s vision of ‘Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas’ is a guiding framework for India’s engagement with its neighbours for a shared vision of inclusive development and prosperity.
However, I have changed this perception.
Foundation Stone for the Centre for Tribal Studies, Acharya Vinoba Bhave University, Hazaribagh laid by PM
He said that those who lost their lives during recent disturbances are part of us, our nation; whether the lives lost are of our youth, security personnel or police, it distresses us.
The Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Antonio Guterres, was present on the occasion.
The Prime Minister complimented the Uttar Pradesh State Government for implementing schemes extremely well.
Members of the Council briefed the Prime Minister on various steps being taken to nurture innovation and research in key sectors of science and technology.
They will pay homage to Mahatma Gandhi at Sabarmati Ashram.
ISRO expressed interest in direct reception of the Landsat-8 data in India, while USGS expressed interest in obtaining data from ISRO’s RESOURCESAT-2 satellite.
Bharat Net is targeted at providing last mile internet connectivity in the country.
The acquisition under Section 35 of the State Bank of India Act, 1955 will result in the creation of a stronger merged entity.
The Authority shall also regulate such other financial products, financial services or FIs as may be notified by the Central Government from time to time.
And hence, we should undertake a resolve to contribute something positive for our nation like Lord Rama.
We can distribute ARMED FORCES FLAGS on this occasion.
Winning and losing is a part of it.
40. Over 5.75 crore farmers have been covererd under Pradhan Mantri Fasal Beema Yojaana.
· Companies have mobilized more than 25000 crore rupees in the first six months of this year through the IPOs.
He said digital technology is becoming a means of empowerment for the people of India; and the country is emerging as an important centre for Startups.
This responsibility must be taken and I will continue to do so.
Even today, players of Team India are encouraging the younger generation through their hard work and focused attention.
This longing throbs in the core of every human heart.
A bank deposit of approximately five thousand rupees would earn enough interest to pay these premia permanently.
Through the ‘Fund of Funds’, Rs.1285 Crore funding has been committed, leveraging a total of Rs.6980 Crore in venture funds so far.
Reviewing the progress, the Prime Minister said that appropriate checks should be undertaken for variation, both within a sampling grid, and across different soil testing labs.
Keeping this in mind, we have launched the world’s largest government funded health scheme.
The task which is pending from the days of independence has to be completed fast now.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that India is home to a unique heritage, where the overriding thought has always been the benefit of mankind.
At the outset, I wish to express our sincere condolences on the loss of life due to the recent earthquake in Aceh .
I am confident that with initiatives like “Make in India”, “Startup India”, and “Standup India”, there will be opportunities for youth to venture into Indian Oil and Gas sector and to bring innovative ideas.
I fully realise that the examinations cause anxiety.
These lofty ideals of Sardar Sahab are relevant to and inspiring for our vision for a New India, even today.
The Nation was his central message.
Be it our elderly, differently-abled, our women, marginalized or deprived people, or our Adivasi brethren living in the forests, everyone must get an opportunity to grow, as per their hopes and aspirations.
Over the next couple of days, you would hold numerous conversations on the state of the world around us.
I can classify them into four types.
Therefore, we need to guard against any instinct or inclination that promotes exclusion, especially in Asia.
I too accept this importance of Ganga.
The world also owes a debt of gratitude to Sri Lanka for preserving some of the most important elements of the Buddhist heritage.
In this context, he mentioned the “MADAD” portal for real time monitoring and response of consular grievances.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Communication, Shri Manoj Sinha, was present on the occasion.
He asserted that this process of taking tough decisions in the best interest of the people, will continue.
A tale associated with this incident is also very popular.
This objective, in my view, is best served through free and friendly discussion among us.
The President and I agreed that our two nations need to stay vigilant and cooperate actively to combat terrorism, both in our region and in the world.
Smt Harsimrat Kaur Badal, Minister for Food Processing Industries, Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Minister of State for Food Processing Industries, and senior officials from the Union Government were also present.
If I have to convoke someone over a cup of tea at their house, I am even ready for that.
In response to a question on time management and exhaustion, the Prime Minister said that 1.25 billion Indians are all his family.
33. Both parties recognised the importance of trade in agricultural products in general, and rice in particular, and agreed to work together to resolve issues that have the potential of disrupting trade.
· Agricultural Field Visits – 22 June
Throughout his life, he struggles to come out of poverty.
Exchange of Instrument of Ratification of Extradition Treaty.
Thus, every person of this country was involved in this movement.
5. During the meeting with President Duterte, the two leaders reviewed the progress in bilateral relations and in global and regional situation since their meeting in Manila in November 2017.
Keeping your resolve in mind, with confidence in yourself, set out for your exams.
Oil ministers from developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
The Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to Japan in 2014, during which he had interacted with JIPFL in Tokyo.
The people with this kind of negative mentality, we cannot even think about the way they have ruined the country.
He also spoke about the Ujjwala Yojana for cooking gas, and the significant progress made in electrification of 18,000 un-electrified villages.
The Prime Minister said that the success of these initiatives has also been because of Jan Bhagidaari – public participation.
“I extend my deepest condolences to the Government & people of Cuba on the sad demise of Fidel Castro.
In order to deepen ties with the diaspora, I will address a community programme on 10th July.
Central Regulator to determine tariff for composite schemes where more than 10% power sold outside State.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Rail Vikas Shivir at Surajkund through video conferencing.
Our ministries, our scientists, R&D institutions, industries, start-ups, universities and IITs, all should work together seamlessly.
Name of MoUs/Agreements
• Aimed at reducing Out of Pocket Expenditure at the point of care.
I am being criticized.
Once again my humble tribute to revered Baba Saheb.
The National Highway will facilitate better movement of tea and other agricultural produce from the region to markets.
This closeness and understanding has helped us bridge a number of gaps in our bilateral relations.
All the best Jhulan.
Because of this the poor are feeling that they are becoming a part of the country’s economic system.
This figure has gone up to Rs. 1.83 lakh crores in this government.
A few days ago, the country’s beloved poet Neeraj Ji left us forever.
“Extremely saddened by the train accident in Amritsar.
In order to strengthen the scheme, Government is working towards skill development to ensure faster, and quality construction of houses.
A series of administrative reforms have significantly improved the business sentiment in the country.
• To make Indian vehicles comply with global standard of safety (in line with UN Brasilia resolution) to reduce the high number of casualities and road accidents (i.e. 1.46 and 5.01 lakhs respectively in the year 2015).
Electricity reached each & every village of the country this year.
We can feel a positive change with this disruption.
I am happy to learn that state government is upscaling the TB free Chennai initiative and seeking to eliminate TB in the state by 2023 itself.”
Anyone who believes he is bigger than the system is wrong.
The MoU is expected to create employment in the areas of Spatial Planning, Water Management and Mobility Management, smart cities development, affordable housing, waste management, urban environment and heritage preservation.
He also appreciated the role being played by the Uttar Pradesh Police in this regard.
The Agreement has the potential to spur greater trade, investment, tourism and cultural exchange between India and Rwanda, bringing it in tune with developments in the civil aviation sector.
“Tributes to venerable Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on Ambedkar Jayanti.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is committed towards fulfilling the aspirations of youth of the country.
(e) Sharing good governance practices in public administration
Each person has become associated with it in a positive manner.
He was playing a pivotal role in it.
• World Sufi Forum an assembly of those whose life itself is a message of peace, tolerance & love: PM
And that is why I have said that my country’s soldiers have full freedom to answer back in whatever manner they have to and they will keep doing that
His appeal to people to applaud jawans when they meet them, has also created a buzz on social media.
IIPE has been registered as a Society under the AP Society Registration Act, 2001 on 18/04/2016.
It was agreed that these and other relevant issues would be taken up at an early meeting of the Joint Steering Committee on Power and other forums.
One sector is physical infrastructure relating to water supply, power, connectivity and especially projects promoting tourism.
The nation is always ready to move in the right direction.
You see the fast pace at which prices were rising under the previous government, today that speed has decelerated a lot.
I have asked my team to work harder to ensure India is on the top 50 next years.”
The meeting was attended by Chief Ministers of Maharashtra, Arunachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir; Shri Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Minister of State (Independent Charge) Skill Development and Entrepreneurship; Smt Smriti Zubin Irani, Minister of Human Resource Development; Shri Kalraj Mishra, Minister of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad, Minister of Communication and Information Technology.
The world had to recognise the strength of India and it clout in the surgical strike.
Your Excellency President Xi Jinping, Your Excellency President Jacob Zuma, Your Excellency President Michel Teme, Your Excellency President Vladimir Putin, Distinguished Members of the BRICS Business Council.
Accepting a certain state provides us with the opportunity of opening up newer vistas.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andaman & Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018.
Reiterating his Government’s stand against Black Money and Corruption, PM said this Lok Sabha has passed stringent laws like Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, Fugitive Economic Offenders Act.
They will circumnavigate the globe and return home, after many months.
The Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation has been envisaging bilateral cooperation with other countries in water resources development and management through sharing of policy and technical expertise, conducting of training courses, workshops, scientific and technical symposia, exchange of experts, study tours etc.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
As per the provisions of the Paris Agreement, the treaty will come into force as and when 55 countries contributing to 55 % of total global emission ratify the agreement.
Of the numerous colourful festivals of India, Onam is a prime festival of Kerela.
The work of building IIT, IIM and AIIMS is speedily going on.
She has written that she got the money from the ‘Mudra’ Scheme and started her business, then she registered the inventory of all her products on the E-GEM website, and then she got an order from the Prime Minister’s Office.
He will address a public meeting.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited Palamu, Jharkhand.
Lay foundation stone of Entrepreneurship, Innovation and Career Hub in University of Jammu.
The proposed Programme will help to deepen the understanding of current economic policy issues in both countries and also explore further opportunities for future collaboration and engagement.
The world over, people prayed for the safe & secure exit of these children.
The Prime Minister said that today people believe that India can leave its weaknesses behind, and march forward.
Come on, let us take this journey further.
The MoU will enable establishment of a framework for enhanced cooperation in the field of military education concerning strategic and operational studies and promotion of closer and long-term cooperation between the two countries.
Our Parliament too has taken the initiative to organize Parliamentary debates on SDGs.
None of you will believe that in a country of 125 crore people, one and a half, only one and a half lakh people exist, whose taxable income is more than 50 lakh rupees.
We have a lot of unexplored potential.
No special traffic arrangements were made for his visit.
There was a time when for the world India meant – ‘policy paralysis’ and ‘delayed reforms’.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will launch the Union Government’s Support and Outreach Initiative for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on November 02, 2018.
He added that efforts are being taken to make Medical College functional this year itself.
A common man living thousands of kilometres away can now supply his products to the Government.
• inexpensive devices for diagnosis of cervical cancer, TB and dengue
I have always felt this way, like when I felt why Class 3 and Class 4 employees should be made to go through interviews.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had laid the foundation stone of the memorial on March 21, 2016.
15. The Sides welcomed the holding of the India-Russia Business Summit on the margins of the 19th Annual Summit on October 4-5, 2018 in New-Delhi with the participation of large business delegations from both sides, representing important areas of bilateral cooperation, sending a strong signal of the willingness and capacity of the business sectors of both countries to further strengthen economic, trade and investment partnerships.
I will also be meeting with CEOs of major Dutch companies and will encourage them to join the Indian growth story.
Prime Minister Modi and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu today visited the Centre of Excellence for Vegetables in Vadrad in Sabarkantha District of Gujarat.
I laud President Duterte’s commitment to bringing about inclusive development and to fighting corruption.
The essence of Yoga has not changed.
The MoU will expand its outreach to wide range of social partners from the entire Asia Pacific Region.
We will facilitate an early commencement of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
To this end, I would exhort the National Laboratories to connect with schools and colleges to develop appropriate training programs.
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
How can the democratic institutions at the village level, in every corner of India, be strengthened?
Your steady stream of letters to ‘Mann Ki Baat’, your comments, this exchange between minds always infuses new energy in me.
Yet, there are many in India and outside who are struggling in the absence of these solutions.
Then he spent another eight years in an orphanage.
I will use it at right places.
You too must be getting similarly confused sometimes!
I would thus like to thank the European Union, for recognizing the people of Indian origin and through them in making people in India and people the world over aware of their exemplary work.
This arises principally because of तन्हा or (तृष्णा in Sanskrit), the thirst, which in turn stems from greed .
“The martyrdom of Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev was a watershed moment in our history.
Everyone is scared.
Expectations make the path difficult.
Friends, It is accepted the world over, that terrorism, Naxalism, Maoism, counterfeit currency trade, drug trade, human trafficking – all of these depend on black money.
All Sciences develop and are built up through experience”.
Deeper engagement in naval patrolling; and
And so, this is a good chance for you to become a part of a transparent system.
And Nivedita means the one who is fully dedicated.
President Mirziyoyev congratulated Prime Minister on the successful outcome of the First India-Central Asia Dialogue which demonstrated India’s positive impact on the Central Asia region and the joint quest of the participant countries for peace in Afghanistan.
And I am fully aware of the fact that eliminating fake companies and taking action against black money can be politically incorrect and pose a risk to any political party.
He said that the Presidency is much more than protocol.
He will also distribute PM-SYM Pension Cards to select beneficiaries.
Vesak is an occasion for us to celebrate this unbroken shared heritage of Buddhism.
However, the unorganised sector- be it the labourers, household workers, agricultural labourers or manual thelawalas, a large cross section of the society has been neglected.
Both Sides called for enhancing efforts to provide necessary humanitarian assistance to bring the long drawn suffering of the Syrian people to an end soon, bearing in mind urgent reconstruction needs and return of refugees and internally displaced persons.
The sanctioned cost of the project is Rs. 244 Cr under Smart City Mission.
We are also making collaborative efforts to mainstream solar energy in the form of an International Solar Alliance.
The Agreement would provide a legal framework for sharing of information and intelligence between the Customs authorities of the two countries.
The two sides also agreed to focus on areas of training and human resources development and cooperation in research and development in the energy sector.
The project has augmented the grid connectivity in Jammu & Kashmir.
Centuries later,Anagarika Dharmapala undertook a similar journey, but this time, from Sri Lanka to India to revive the spirit of Buddhain the land of its origin.
It possess all modern amenities and is considered to be one of the most modern suburbs of Delhi in the National Capital Region (NCR).
· Meeting of Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) – 25 to 26 June (Johannesburg)
Congratulations to all who have worked for this.
Over 20% of India’s outbound investments go to ASEAN.
He said that with the foundation stone laying of Medical College, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu have got its first ever Medical College.
It would be one of the flagship “Make in India” projects in this sector.
However, in case the incident of profiteering relates to an item of mass impact with ‘All India’ ramification, the application may be directly made to the Standing Committee.
Today’s youth want to build up on his or her own strength.
These partnerships are a good fit with India’s economic priorities and defence and security.
To understand the virtues of patriotism, sacrifice and perseverance, one doesn’t need to revert to historical events.
“Tributes to Lala Lajpat Rai on his birth anniversary.
Our tree and forest cover has also increased by one percent in the last two years.
In this direction, we have given forty million new cooking gas connections in the last two years.
We hope that our Project Development Fund and Quick Impact Projects will help our companies integrate into regional value chains, particularly in textiles and garments, pharmaceuticals agro-processing and electronics.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has congratulated the Indian Women’s hockey team on winning Asia Cup 2017.
Whether in New York, London, Singapore, Hong Kong or Abu Dhabi, I would find many of them to be of Indian origin.
Besides avoiding large scale deforestation and tree-cutting, the tunnel will provide a safe, all-weather route to commuters travelling from Jammu and Udhampur, to Ramban, Banihal and Srinagar.
But do refer it to others; make others join you in that.
He added that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world’s biggest people’s movement.
Prime Minister also announced significant increase in the honorarium given to Anganwadi workers.
My thoughts are with his family & supporters in this sad hour.
The POCSO Act, 2012 was enacted to Protect the Children from Offences of Sexual Assault, Sexual harassment and pornography with due regard for safeguarding the interest and well-being of children.
The punishment for any unauthorized practice of medicine has been made severe by including a provision for imprisonment of up to one year along with a fine extending up to Rs. 5 lakhs.
The MoU will benefit both countries in the following manner:
The Prime Minister said that a similar atmosphere exists today when people of the country are coming forward to fulfill their responsibilities towards the nation.
And, I am delighted that Jayalalithaa ji, the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu is also present with us on this occasion.
In the spirit of सबका साथ, सबका विकास, every Indian, irrespective of caste, gender, religion, class must have equal opportunities to partake in the new prosperity.
By publicly celebrating Ganesh Utsav, he turned this religious occasion into a festival of national awakening and social refinement.
Many States have taken steps to adopt these through legislation.
Old newspaper clippings confirm this view.
Referring to the horrors unleashed across the world by terrorists, he said the impact of terrorism cannot be captured by statistics alone.
iii) Insertion of a new clause (ea) to section 20-I of the principal Act
The month of August this year has become memorable.
64. We recall that the WTO Dispute Settlement System is a cornerstone of the multilateral trading system and is designed to enhance security and predictability in international trade.
Greetings to all
The success of this effort, will depend on our ability to bring all institutions and labs under this strategy.
I want to tell you about the NPA problem.
Dr. Wohn Kwang Yun, Chairman, National Research Council of Science and Technology (NST)
No poor person of the country will have to face difficulty in dealing with diseases.
This would reduce corruption in the Transport Department while improving the road worthiness of the vehicle.
The initiatives taken between the two countries will be as per the terms of reference of the MoU signed and will be a continuing process till the MoU remains in operation.
Shri Narendra Modi said that today, no country or person can live in isolation.
One of the top-most priorities of our Government is speedy implementation and completion of projects in the designated time period.
Nearly 15 crore poor people have been brought under the coverage of government insurance schemes.
This is being done in downstream retail, as well as in upstream oil and gas production, asset maintenance and remote monitoring.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
He said that the Government is also ensuring that the every house built is not only of good quality but also has a toilet, gas connection and electricity.
Further, availability of Ground Lighting Facilities, Instrument Landing System for operation of aircrafts at night, adequate runway length to cater to medium capacity long-range aircraft or equivalent type of aircraft, availability of Customs, Immigration, Health and Animal & Plant Quarantine Services are also required for international operations.
The Prime Minister congratulated all stakeholders on the completion of 25 PRAGATI interactions.
Even today, knowledge is the best guiding light.
If we as BRICS can set the agenda in these areas, the world will call this its Golden Decade.
Exim Bank finances, facilitates and promotes India’s international trade.
They also give us a seven and a half thousand kilometre coastline and 2.4 million square kilometres of Exclusive Economic Zone.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Ministry of Railways’ transformative initiative to set up the first ever National Rail and Transport University (NRTU) in Vadodara to skill its human resources and build capability.
Mr. Modi added that local solution and global application is our mantra.
Now, we are also focusing on next generation infrastructure, which includes logistics, digital and gas.
The Seoul Peace Prize was established to crystallize the Korean people’s yearning for peace on the Korean Peninsula and in the rest of the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with 20 top American CEOs at a roundtable meeting in Washington DC.
PM summed it up saying that it is essential to ensure the benefits of development reach all sections of society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday previewed the exhibition – “Uniting India – Sardar Patel” set up by the Ministry of Culture, at National Science Centre in New Delhi.
Their spread poses a grave threat, not just to India and Bangladesh but to the entire region.
Today, with the spread of new technology, the situation is often reversed.
Thus the total number of Directors is 11.
The identified areas of cooperation include high speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure etc.
This time India is hosting the biggest Sanitation Convention of the world so far, the Mahatma Gandhi International Sanitation Convention.
• Nation will not gain anything by standing with those who have plundered the nation.
PM said that the Government has focussed on aspects relating to nutrition and quality healthcare.
PM will flag-off Ajni (Nagpur)- Pune Train through video link.
The cooperation is achieved through exchange of information on developments in areas of railways technology & operations, knowledge sharing, technical visits, training & seminars and workshops in areas of mutual interest.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he feels a special energy in the environment from this mass chanting.
He said the Dolaithabi Barrage project had been conceived in 1987, but was speeded up only after 2014, and is now complete.
In January about 6,000 players participated in 18 disciplines in the Khelo India Youth Games held in Pune.
Together we will build such an India where the farmers can sleep without worry.
The replica of these plates was made possible with the cooperation of Malankara Mar Thoma Syrian Church in Thiruvalla, Kerala.
These projects have materialised within a few months after the UP Investors Summit, which was organized in February 2018, in an effort to attract investments and promote industrialisation in the State.
Inclusion of ‘Mishmi-Kaman’ (Miju Mishmi), Idu (Mishmi) and Taraon (Digaru Mishmi) in serial No. 8.
In the ports sector, traffic volume in major ports increased by 17 percent in the period between 2014 and 2018.
When the electricity would be available?
Since the time of last Cadre review, telecom service provision functions have been hived off from DoT, but newer functions related to telecom licensing, monitoring, enforcement of license conditions, network security, interoperability, standardization, lawful interception and universal service obligation etc. have been added.
Wishing everyone on the occasion of Ugadi, the Prime Minister said that Ugadi is a festival of new beginnings and new hopes.
A number of conventions and seminarshave been organised on various topics.
He recounted the various steps, including demonetization, taken by the Union Government in the last three years, against black money, and to bring elements indulging in corruption, to book.
iii. Encourage cooperation between educational, training and research institutions in the field of Mass Media & Communication.
The indomitable spirit of the martyrs will always be remembered.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister gave examples of the success of Jan Dhan Yojana, insurance schemes, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, and Udan, to highlight how the Union Government is implementing schemes which benefit the poorest of the poor.
The Prime Minister said that the Government’s emphasis on cleanliness is being universally appreciated.
BRICS Wellness Forum (10-11 September 2016, Bengaluru) 75.
In particular, he appreciated the development initiatives carried out in the southern districts of Sukma, Dantewada and Bijapur.
It is heartening to note that all stations as well as the Operation Control Centre of Kochi Metro have achieved platinum rating which is the highest certification level given by the Indian Green Building Council.
Earlier, there have been occasions when one, two or three Nobel Laureates have visited India and had interactions with students and scientists in a limited manner.
After inclusion of State of Nagaland under jurisdiction of the Central Agricultural University, Imphal, the College of Veterinary Sciences in Nagaland will produce the much-needed professional manpower in the fields of animal husbandry, which will facilitate socio-economic growth in the region.
Now new avenues of organic farming, blue revolution, sweet revolution, solar farming have emerged on which we plan to move ahead.
He described the Smart India Hackathon as the biggest Open Innovation Model at the national level.
At present, there are nineteen IIMs.
Don’t you feel the need to identify such people, who are sitting among you, who supported these companies?
The company continues to be a sick company since then.
Indian Army always leads from the front, be it in protecting the sovereignty of our nation or helping citizens during natural disasters.
– In sectors of your choosing; and
The Prime Minister said that India’s youth is giving strength to key programmes such as digital initiatives, and Swachh Bharat Mission.
He said that the target is universal coverage in seven important welfare schemes: Ujjwala, Saubhagya, Ujala, Jan Dhan, Jeevan Jyoti Yojana, Suraksha Bima Yojana, and Mission Indradhanush.
He said the Eastern Peripheral Expressway would help decongest traffic in Delhi.
Bolstering Economic and Trade Ties
The essential features of the ASA are as follows:
Shri Sanjiv Singh, Chairman, IOCL
Shri Vijay Gokhale, Foreign Secretary
He also mentioned that the President, Vice President, and himself as the Prime Minister of India have visited various African countries on more than 20 occasions, during the tenure of present Government.
To promote research partnership in areas such as Electronics, Sensors, High Speed Vision, Robotics, Advanced Manufacturing including Mechatronics, Environmental Research, Intelligent Transportation, etc.
In addition, there are awards for Innovation for Central, State organisations including Districts.
Sri Lankan President Maithripala Sirisena said it is a matter of great fortune, that Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi is present here today.
But the moment, GDP growth rate came down to 5.7% , it lifted their spirit.
He also touched upon other welfare schemes for the benefit of farmers.
This is a jump of almost seventy five percent.
A ‘Blue Flame Revolution’ is underway.
In particular, he said that India’s rising middle class, and the policy-driven initiatives of the Government, are opening up several win-win opportunities for all stakeholders in the food processing ecosystem.
He hoisted a high mast flag and offered floral tributes at the Statue of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
He recalled that this programme was launched way back in 1955.
We call for enhanced efforts to provide necessary humanitarian assistance to the Syrian people, bearing in mind urgent reconstruction needs.
As of March, 2018, a total number of 2.23 lakh senior citizens are being benefited under PMVVY.
3. The Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Salman bin Abdulaziz and Prime Minister Modi exchanged views on bilateral, regional and multilateral issues of mutual interest.
All teams work in a particular direction.
He added that Shirdi is always considered as an epitome of public service.
Indeed, my personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now almost a decade old.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will be visiting Israel on 4-6 July, 2017.
Government relations are important but increasing people to people contact is equally important.
If we remain vigilant, we can now save our children from returning to those evil ways of violence and cruelty.
Of this, the solar energy capacity will amount to 100 Giga Watt.
He said the pace of construction has been increased, and nearly 1.25 crore houses have been built in less than five years.
People explained to him, the hardships faced by them on account of the cyclone.
– the Sustainable Development Goals,
The penalties are also proposed for deliberate violation of safety/environmental regulations as well as body builders and spare part suppliers.
This is the first-ever Indian circumnavigation of the globe by an all-women crew.
Think about it, Congress imposed Emergency, but Modi is destroying institutions.
To establish research partnership between Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), India and Institute of Innovative Research, Tokyo Institute of Technology (TIT) in areas such as Advanced Materials, Bioscience and Information Technologies.
The ‘Customer focused’ and ‘application driven’ NDCP-2018 shall lead to new ideas and innovations, after the launch of advanced technology such as 5G, IOT, M2M, etc. which shall govern the telecom sector of India.
The Project envisages setting up of the 100 bedded hospital in Najafgarh in two years to cater to the local population of 13.65 Lakh spread across 73 villages.
It marks the shift of seasons, from the cold to the lively spring and brightness.
The proposal aims to secure:
Swapping of the land with MCGM will enable M/s MIAL to complete the development work of CSIA, Mumbai.
“Attack in Istanbul is inhuman and horrific.
He said a young population and a rising middle class are among factors which generate global interest in the Indian economy, especially in areas such as manufacturing, trade and commerce, and people to people contacts.
· Biharsharif-Daniawan
In his budget speech, 2016-17, the Hon’ble Finance Minister announced as under:
I take this opportunity to congratulate all for the timely completion of IREP.
Many countries in our region have transformed their economies and become engines of global economic growth.
I am also pleased that the share of Indian vendors in the procurement orders placed through defence capital expenditure has gone up from about 50 percent during 2011-14 to over 60 percent during the last three years.
Under the Policy, the targets of Local Content (LC) will be stipulated for certain oil and gas business activities.
The leaders reaffirmed the crucial role of the rules-based multilateral trading system, and the importance of enhancing free, fair, and open trade for achieving sustainable growth and development.
As a result of the efforts of the Union Government, ethanol blending in petrol has increased from 38 crore litres in the ethanol supply year 2013-14, to an estimated 141 crore litres in the ethanol supply year 2017-18.
So, from that perspective, I am really late in visiting this great country.
I also want to thank our farmers for keeping the poor in mind and adopting cultivation of various pulse crops also besides the traditional crops because pulses are the biggest source of protein for poor people.
Around 12000 people in the cyclone affected area have been evacuated.
But I would like to tell you that Gurudev was also a painter.
Railway Electrification Equipments
“Collapse of a building in Mumbai is saddening.
Our financial services collaboration will be enhanced by a programme of technical cooperation to help develop markets in insolvency, pensions and insurance.
Look forward to meet my friend President Ashraf Ghani and exchange notes on regional situation and setting agenda for bilateral cooperation in the coming period.
Our vast consumer base, rising incomes, favourable investment climate and a Government dedicated to ease of doing business, all make India ‘the place to be’ for the global food processing fraternity.
He said, God could be found only through Karma (duty), Jnan (enlightenment) and Bhakti (devotion).
The Prime Minister will visit the SantKabir Cave.
This App is not only connecting the villagers with the whole world but now they can obtain any information on their own mobile phones.
My Ministerial colleagues
Said he “Sir, just listen to the radio”.
Both sides expressed that, in order to derive full value from these infrastructure projects, the institutional arrangements related to connectivity needed to be put in place on priority.
He also congratulated farmer families engaged in dairy farming, and fisheries, as they now have access to Kisan Credit Cards.
In this context, the leaders appreciated the recent decision taken by the three countries to convene a joint forum involving important stake holders, including from business and industry.
One of you was born here and actually grew up in Vadodara!
First, all development sectors must imbibe the principles of disaster risk management.
Under this MOU, a Joint Committee will be set up to follow up the implementation of this MOU.
The 25 PRAGATI meetings so far have seen a cumulative review of 227 projects with a total investment of over Rs. 10 lakh crore.
It is mentioned in Atharvaveda that-
He had started his life from there.
We have chosen to highlight this dimension this year.
Government provides Interest subvention to different banks and cooperatives for short term crop loan extended by them to farmers at concessional rate of 7% and in case of timely repayment, an additional subvention of 3%.
This is a part of Prime Minister’s development package for Jammu & Kashmir.
He said, “the bill has cleared the decks for grant of Indian citizenship to the sons and daughters of Mother India residing in Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan.
I came here in 2014 on the occasion of ASEAN summit, however, this is my first bilateral visit to the golden land of Myanmar.
There was a time when development was believed to depend on the quantity of capital and labour.
Our actions and aspirations, capacities and human capital, democracy and demography,and strength and success. will continue to be an anchor for all round regional and global progress.
Last year in Tel Aviv, you had expressed the intent to cut down bureaucratic red tape with a machete and forge ahead with speed.
A ‘New India’ is rising.
28. Ladies and Gentlemen, we have begun our journey towards a transformed India.
Must we not do this rightly and must we not stop the destructive acts.
We should connect our large economic centres, economic centres are growth centres as well and those place where economy thrives; we also need to connect these places with interior areas through the road connectivity.
Though I cannot explain it the way it has been mentioned exactly, but while reading these verses and later during its interpretations I found this very close to the doctrine of Advaita.
Establishment of strong quality regimen
Must know that nay such attempt is destined to fail and will be foiled.
The Government and the opposition – both are putting forth their view points.
To remove one Modi, see who all they are trying to bring together:
Global Leadership
The global fraternity was worried about the health of this member of fragile five club.
2. The information received under the Agreement shall be treated as confidential and may be disclosed only to persons or authorities (including courts or administrative bodies) concerned with assessment, collection, enforcement, prosecution or determination of appeals in relation to taxes covered under the Agreement.
The meetings of the Working Group shall take place at least every two years, alternately in the Republic of India and in Ukraine.
MMRDA will also hand over all the land documents, revenue maps of Gorai land duly mutated in the Records of Rights in the name of AAI.
The Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi and the President of the United States of America Barack Obama met today in the White House during an official working visit of Prime Minister Modi to the United States.
I am immensely grateful to my fellow leaders from Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, Maldives and Sri Lanka for joining me today to celebrate this launch.
It therefore promotes equity across all citizens.
Name: Shri Vijay Goel
I welcome you all to World Food India 2017.
It just lay dormant gathering dust.
He will address a diverse gathering, consisting of farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials, and legislators.
Be it for a village, for the poor, or for the farmers, he had been providing his inputs all the time while studying these topics very closely.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of noted Hindustani classical vocalist Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar.
More than Rs. 1.75 lakh crores deposited in the banks is under the scanner.
To galvanise global action, India has started the International Solar Alliance, which has the support of over 120 countries.
This is almost a four fold increase!
Recalling his initial address, the Prime Minister said that in a very simple way, he spoke of the vision for New India, and about the Vedas written 5000 years ago.
H.E. Gholamreza Ansari, Ambassador of Iran
He added that the government is using technology to ensure effective last mile delivery of services.
I see such statements by people on TV, whose faces I haven’t even seen and they end up becoming spokesmen on TV
By taking expert manpower on deputation, TCIL can remain competitive in national and international market as it is difficult for TCIL to get such manpower from the open market at the economical rates as compared to deputationist and that too at a short notice.
Displaying utmost sensitivity and alertness, our Parliament has made the social justice framework stronger to protect the interests of the weaker sections of society – be it a Dalit, a deprived or exploited person or women.
We will renew this exchange of thoughts on newer topics in the year to come, we’ll share new experiences.
“I will travel to Astana, Kazakhstan for two days on 8-9 June for the Summit meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO).
The proposed Medipark would contribute to the development of medical devices and technology sector and allied disciplines in the country, which is still at a nascent stage besides generating employment and give a boost to the government’s “Make in India” Campaign.
18. Both leaders expressed satisfaction at the growing presence of Indian and Saudi companies in each other’s market and agreed to further encourage trade promotion measures and participation in fairs and exhibitions.
PM also complimented the role of the Parliamentary Affairs Ministers during the tenure of 16th Lok Sabha.
Due to the efforts of security forces and endeavours made by State Governments, and also due to the implementation of Central and State Government developmental schemes and the people’s participation, Tripura and Meghalaya have been liberated from the Armed Forces Special Power Act.
But now the same experts and the institutions have expressed confidence that our reform momentum has strengthened our economic fundamentals.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed over 360 Officer Trainees of the 92nd Foundation Course at LBSNAA, Mussoorie, on the 2nd day of his visit.
Now you spoke of job creation.
This scheme, he said, has helped in the development of the “personal sector,” as a means of livelihood and self-employment.
They have to live amongst many different people.
Governor of Jharkhand Ms Draupadi Murmu and CM of Jharkhand Shri Raghuvar Das was also present on the occasion.
So to protect human dignity, we have to move ahead with those schemes which will ensure respectable lives for people.
We take note of the fact that both States are committed to building knowledge based economies, on the basis of latest scientific advances and innovation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness over the demise of legendary painter Shri Syed Haider Raza.
The success of GST is the result of the willpower of the people sitting in this House.
These professions are perceived to be the cream professions or are highly respectable jobs.
Trade ties continue to grow.
It will fulfill the wishes of the State Government and the people.
We salute all those martyred in Uri.
On the other hand piece meal thinking with targeted comeback in elections after five years will leave us as a loser on the front of overcoming the challenges mounting ahead of cities.
The commitment for farmer welfare is also reflected by unprecedented decision of announcing minimum support price based on the formula of 1.5 times the cost of cultivation.
The Prime Minister was apprised of the preparation done so far, including consultations with States, for the smooth and expeditious rollout of the Health Assurance programme.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will interact directly with farmers across the country through video bridge at 9.30am tomorrow.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his twenty-ninth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
• Additional Income to Farmers: By adopting 2G technologies, agricultural residues/waste which otherwise are burnt by the farmers can be converted to ethanol and can fetch a price for these waste if a market is developed for the same.
This festival is now also celebrated in some parts of the world.
The Prime Minister visited a Digital Exhibition, accompanied by the Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Antonio Guterres.
o We have also moved up twenty one places on the Global Innovation Index of WIPO in two years.
d. Provide an incentive to PLIs for increased participation in the housing and urban development sector;
I am very happy to be here today.
I am reminded of what Mahatma Gandhi had said in 1927, when he had visited Sri Lanka at the invitation of the student Congress of Jaffna.
The Union Cabinet chaired by chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Cadre review and formation of Group ‘A’ service of the technical cadre of Petroleum & Safety Organization (PESO) in the name of Indian Petroleum & Explosives Safety Service (IPESS).
DAY-NRLM has emerged as the largest institutional platform for women’s empowerment.
To this end, they issued strategic guidance to their respective militaries to strengthen communication in order to build trust and mutual understanding and enhance predictability and effectiveness in the management of border affairs.
He laid foundation stone of City Gas Distribution Networks in Kamrup, Cacher, Hailakandi & Karimganj districts.
After that, she wrapped a cloth around the medal & kept it in a bag.
India, with its reputed resources, will surely be an active participant in this superior science discovery which is for the welfare of humankind.
Over 2000 delegates are expected to participate in the summit, including policy makers, researchers, think tanks, diplomats and corporates from around the world.
CERT-In is a national nodal agency under Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India, with the objective of securing Indian cyber space.
Setting up of AIIMS-like institutions; and
The recapitalisation bonds will be on the lines issued to Public Sector Banks.
Excellency, let me once again welcome you and your delegation to India.
The disciplined, dedicated, and talented youth of India offers a globally unmatched work-force.
And the biggest thing was… and this, of course, came as a surprise to me… that maximum number of people took part in this exercise through the portal of the website of the Rural Employment Scheme which is being run by the government.
This is despite the fact that India has little diamond or gold production.
In the course of the event which lasted about two hours, the Prime Minister took questions on a range of subjects, including nervousness, anxiety, concentration, peer pressure, parents’ expectations, and the role of teachers.
Swachhagrahis are key to driving progress towards achieving an open defaecation free nation.
I will also meet the President of Vietnam, Mr. Tran Dai Quang, the General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam, Mr. Nguyen Phu Trong; and the Chairperson of the National Assembly of Vietnam, Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan.
BIA is likely to increase the comfort level and boost the confidence of investors by assuring a level playing field and non-discrimination in matters related to investments, thus providing conducive investment climate to investors.
He said that the current century is about skill development.
It has been 20 years since Pokhranand this test was done on Buddha Purnima with the blessings of Lord Buddha.
She was instrumental in the victory of AIADMK in the General Elections to the Lok Sabha and to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly in 1984.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised about an Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space between India and Armenia.
Prime Minister conveyed his gratitude for the invitation and agreed to the visit at a suitable time.
It will also ease the pressure on railway and road infrastructure due to long distance transportation of urea from Western and Central Regions and thereby saving in Govt. subsidy on freight.
We, the leaders of India and Russia, in the year that marks the 70th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between our countries, note that the Indian-Russian special and privileged strategic partnership is a unique relationship of mutual trust between two great powers.
This will enable the imbibing of good governance and best practices in the region.
Indian government has Rs 40,000 crore rupees from the CAMPA Fund.
ARNAB: Prime Minister Modi, there’s a question related to this.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
For example, can we find farmer-centric solutions to the problem of crop burning?
This Agreement is on similar lines as entered into by India with other countries.
The President stressed the significance of the Prime Minister’s assurance conveyed during the joint inauguration of Storay Palace on 22 August 2016 via a video link that 1.25 billion people of India firmly stand with their Afghan brothers and sisters.
Korea was, and still remains, a role-model of economic growth for me.
This made no one excluded in Thuglak.
The exit of the red beacon through a government decision is part of a system.
Department of Economic Affairs on 20th June, 2016 approved that this Ministry may move a draft Cabinet Note to seek the approval of the Cabinet for creation of.
Specifically, the United Kingdom and India will make commitments to help create a more sustainable, prosperous, secure and fairer future for all Commonwealth citizens by taking action:
Along with its Australian and Indonesian counterparts, the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services is mandated to issue regional tsunami bulletins.
We feel that the youths are very ambitious today and they plan big.
This year, we the hundred & twenty five crore countrymen are celebrating the thousandth birth anniversary of Saint Ramanujacharya.
He said that Governors, through their vast experience in public life, can motivate civic agencies and government departments to work with commitment towards this cause.
Mentioning the records that have been established today, through the sheer scale of this event, the Prime Minister congratulated Navsari for this feat.
In order to provide access and financial protection at secondary and tertiary care levels, the policy proposes free drugs, free diagnostics and free emergency care services in all public hospitals.
These indicators reflect the growth in demand in urban areas.
The Prime Minister said that all of us, who may not have got a chance to lay down our lives for the nation, should take the opportunity to live for the nation.
Yoga has the power to connect the entire world.
He said the Government had procured 16 lakh tonnes of pulses this year, far in excess of the procurement of previous years.
Several efforts were made in past to arrest the declining trend but it could not succeed to turn around.
Similar is the story on the African continent, and in South Africa.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of former Union Minister, Shri Priya Ranjan Dasmunsi.
He said the flag on the 150 feet high mast, is an attempt to preserve the memory of this day in 1943, when Netaji unfurled the tricolour.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that he bows to the travellers of the Narmada Seva Yatra – and hoped that their efforts would bear fruit that serves India, and the poorest of the poor.
In the last four years, the amount of Foreign Direct Investment received in the country was almost equal to what was received in seven years before 2014.
Ms. Pamela Charlette, Minister for Habitat Infrastructure and Land Transport
The authorized capital of the company as on 31st March 2017 is Rs. 60 crores, while the paid up capital is Rs. 59.20 crores.
Prime Minister assured the athletes that Government would provide them adequate support and facilities.
We have initiated Population-based Prevention, Control, Screening and Management of common non-communicable diseases such as Diabetes, Hyper-tension and Common Cancers.
Financial Implications:
The key words of this great man were, ‘We shall do or die’.
Political Dialogue
The TIWB Programme aims to strengthen tax administrations of developing countries by transferring technical know-how and skills to their tax auditors, and through the sharing of general audit practices and dissemination of knowledge products with them.
The Force, which had made a beginning with a sanctioned strength of 3192 in 1969, has grown to a strength of 1,49,088 as on 30.06.2017.
Our people to people ties and exchanges, as always, provide the bedrock of our ties of friendship.
Umbrella Scheme for Development of Scheduled Castes
A high level Russian delegation would visit India to organize investment road-shows and promote greater Indian investments in the Far East.
Our historical people-to-people ties provide a strong basis to our partnership.
He said that it is also a responsibility to be careful and conserve as much water as possible.
When we fall sick, we want to get well as soon as possible and as a result pop in just any antibiotic that we can lay our hands on.
Nearly 19 lakh new citizens have come under the scope of indirect taxes following the implementation of GST.
I assure the countrymen that in this hour of crisis we shall leave no stone unturned to ensure the wellbeing of all.
One Richa Anand Ji has sent me this question: –
True to its name, they brought glory to the country with their brave deed of conquering the Everest.
Being societies, IIMs are not authorized to award degrees and, hence, they have been awarding Post Graduate Diploma and Fellow Programme in Management.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Egypt for cooperation in the field of agriculture & allied sectors.
You have been smart in asking me to only address the gathering, and not sing.
Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay’s philosophy forms the core of our political, economic and social ideology.
67. Keenly aware of the need for Africa’s industrialisation and the realisation of the African Union’s Agenda 2063, we commend African countries and the African Union on the signing of the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA).
On the 28th of August 2014, we had launched this campaign with a dream in our hearts.
In particular, our Farmer brethren have to bear a lot of losses because of the damage to their crops and fields.
“Deeply anguished by the loss of lives in the hospital fire in Odisha.
I felicitate the mothers and sisters of Riyasi from the bottom of my heart.
The Indian delegation was led by Dr. Harsh Vardhan, Minister of Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
Payment of PLB would result in motivating a large number of railway employees to improve the performance of the Railways and enhance the productivity levels further besides maintaining industrial peace.
The MoU shall create favourable conditions for long-term tourism cooperation for the mutual benefits of all stakeholders within the broader framework and areas of cooperation.
He has no such prefix or suffix of BK or VK.
Similarly, food grain production has increased to more than 279 million tonnes in 2017-2018 compared to average of 255 million tonnes during 2010-2014.
b. Exchange of information and expertise between the Ministries and respective Civil Aviation Authorities related to aviation regulations, regional air operations, airworthiness requirements and safety standards to enhance safety and security of air transport; and / or
The leaders urged implementation of the agreed outcomes of the meetings.
India itself has been battling cross border terrorism for decades.
The Prime Minister recalled that he has been visiting soldiers on Diwali, ever since he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat.
I, therefore, invite the Swiss companies to avail of this great opportunity to be a key partner in India’s economic growth.
At BJ Medical College, Ahmedabad
Let them have some issue to talk about
He said that these awards offer an opportunity for recognition of talented children, and serve as inspiration for others like them.
The Chaityabhoomi of Bharat Ratna Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar is situated in the vicinity of the land of Indu-6 Mill of National Textile Construction Limited (NTCL), Mumbai; a place of pilgrimage for millions of Indians.
Brothers and sisters, I’m happy as today these young students got the opportunity to meet me.
“We remember the great Sardar Patel on his Punya Tithi.
The team from All India Radio prepares each episode for broadcast in a number of regional languages.
Asserting that good connectivity will lead to greater development, the Prime Minister said stress is being given to roads, railways, and waterways.
It will motivate and boost the morale the Executives of Hydro CPSEs,
We want to make an India of countless startups,
And, I am most grateful for your warm and enthusiastic welcome.
The path these two great men have shown us, and the freedom that they have won for us, is an inspiration for all of mankind.
The strength of the Indian passport has multiplied manifold.
(c) exchange of invitations to events related to Public Administration and Governance Reforms and the dispatch of experts in this sector;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his twenty-second interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
Both leaders reviewed progress on decisions and agreements made during that visit.
After attaining Sannyas, in a very little age of 8 years, he dedicated 80 years of his life to strengthen his country and his society.
For financial markets to function successfully, participants need to be well informed.
Technical Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government Of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar for providing Coastal Surveillance System
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
And there are many families who have written to me these very feelings.
India has become the fastest growing major economy in the world.
He gets the best experts to ensure justice is done to the work assigned, the Prime Minister added.
· Meeting of Technical Experts in Technical Regulations, Standards, Conformity Assessment, Metrology and Accreditation – 10 May (East London)
Deletion of ‘Abor’ in serial No. 1, as it is the same as ‘Adi’ in Serial No. 16.
Shubho Nabo Barsho to my Bengali friends.
We are the successors to the legacy of Mahatma Gandhi and Nelson Mandela.
One crore families giving up their subsidy on gas cylinders and in return one crore poor families getting gas cylinders with the money that is saved from the one crore families that have given up their subsidy.
In the last four years, several other memorials have been made to recall the contributions of many great leaders of our history.
But it gives heart burns and pain.
The enforcement of award can be refused by the Courts only as per international practices.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister paid homage to the famous Assamese singer Deepali Borthakur, who passed away recently.
The leaders recognized the global threat posed by multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) and committed to continue collaboration in the area of tuberculosis and to share respective best practices.
These included the dedication of 765/400 KV GIS Varanasi Power Sub-station; laying of foundation stone of Varanasi City Gas Distribution Project; inauguration of Varanasi Postal Region; Expansion Project of Diesel Locomotive Works (Phase 1); laying of foundation stone for second line and electrification of Allahabad-Varanasi Rail Line; and setting up of Perishable Cargo Centre at Rajatalab Railway Station.
Even the appointment of the arbitrator has to be decided by the Court within a period of 60 days.
He said the Government has worked towards a developed and inclusive India, in the last four years.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
During the previous episode of Mann Ki Baat, I had appealed to the countrymen to share their positive moments of 2017 and to welcome 2018 in a positive atmosphere.
We are both countries that have never forgotten our history and our heroes.
In the Competition (Amendment) Act, 2007 (39 of 2007), Section 22 of the Act was amended removing the provision for creation of Benches.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today delivered closing remarks at the fourth meeting of the Governing Council of NITI Aayog.
•Distributes aids and assistive devices to Divyang at Navsari
They are a sourceof inspiration for the present and future generations.
He said ties between India and Russia span the spectrum from Culture to Defence (Sanskriti se Suraksha).
If the valourousBhagwanBirsaMunda made us aware of our existence & identity, far-sightedJamsetji Tata created great institutions for the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the skills, strengths and fortitude of the girl child on National Girl Child Day.
The R&D work in IEA Bioenergy TCP is carried out carried out within well-defined 3-years programmes called “Tasks”.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited BHU in Varanasi today.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has time and again raised the issue of black money at the global forum, including at important multilateral summits and in bilateral meetings with leaders.
Your Excellency President Uhuru Kenyatta, Deputy President William Ruto, Ladies and Gentlemen,
Moreover, in case TCIL engage manpower from open market, it becomes a permanent liability on TCIL as against the deputationists, who remain with TCIL only for the project period for which their services are required.
One of the highlights of the Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2019 was a special message by the Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu via video-conferencing who said, “Gujarat symbolises the powerful connection between our two people.
This is a time when the world needs new engines of growth.
Universities located in coastal areas could specialize in managing risks from coastal hazards, and the ones located in the hill cities could focus on mountain hazards.
Anyhow, better late than never.
The students can avail credit transfer upto 20 % for the courses done through SWAYAM.
Giving an account of the work done, PM stated that about 219 bills were introduced, while 203 bills were passed.
Ladies and Gentlemen, our goal is to transform India in one generation.
India’s Department of Biotechnology (DBT) and Cancer Research UK propose to launch a £10 million (approx.
It shall be the responsibility of TMO not to register sales contract in excess of the quantity referred to in Para 2 above.
Beneficiaries in several districts were connected through a video link to the main event, and the Prime Minister interacted with some of them.
Further, over the years the dynamics of the mineral sector have undergone sea change thereby creating new demands and imperatives.
(Bharat Mata Ki Jay) Victory for Mother India,
In just 100 days since its inception over 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited.
Now,PM KisanNidhi is coming up, also being called PM-KisanYojna will help the farmers who have land 5 acres or below.
See that you gain a new experience.
Prime Minister Modi will interact with the family members of Dr. Kalam.
The Qatari side evinced interest in the opportunities offered under the ‘Make in India’ initiative for joint production of defence equipment in India.
Out of the 31 Satellites, 28 belonging to 6 other countries are carried by today’s launch”, the Prime Minister said.
This will increase the sewer coverage of the town and improve sanitation in the city.
Both Sides agreed that all new initiatives aimed at strengthening of the regional order are to be based on multilateralism, principles of transparency, inclusiveness, mutual respect and unity in the common pursuit of progress and prosperity and not directed against any country.
Kochi, the queen of the Arabian Sea, is an important spice trading centre.
i. facilitate recognition of Indian Accountancy Professionals with local Accountancy qualification in addition to existing ICAI qualification, which will increase their professional avenues in South African markets.
Her father is a labourer and mother a fish-seller.
We must work together for a new era of shared growth and prosperity for the benefit of our two countries and peoples.
IEA Bioenergy TCP works under the framework of International Energy Agency (IEA) to which India has “Association” status since 30th March, 2017.
So that’s the process I started for awakening the confidence.
We live in an era where cloth retailers change people’s preferences.
An institutional arrangement for bilateral cooperation between India and Mauritius in the field of rural development and poverty alleviation was under consideration for some time.
The Cabinet further approved in principle, the strategic disinvestment of Nagpur and Chennai units of the Company and shifting of operations from Mumbai land to other locations of company.
This will enable the Self Help Groups to begin cashless digital transactions.
He recalled that the Central Hall had been witness to several historic occasions in the past as well, including the first session of the Constituent Assembly, India’s independence, and the adoption of the Constitution.
Procedures for obtaining clearances from various agencies have been simplified.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of an Agreement between India and Uzbekistan for cooperation in the field of agriculture and allied sectors.
Under this scheme, farmers having up to five acres of land would be given a monetary support of six thousand rupees per year from the Central Government in three instalments.
He was of the view that God (Brahm) is within me and I am within God (Brahm) is Advaita (Non-Dualism).
R&D Institutions of Public sector Oil Marketing companies and Automobile Testing Agencies such as ARAI, CIRT, ICAT etc. have State-of-the-art facilities and resources will also be a contributor to the Annex(s) participated by MoP&NG.
“A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Every Indian requires safe drinking water.
Till a final decision, all existing Allowances will continue to be paid at the existing rates.
And, Kenya is a land of strong opportunities.
He inaugurated the Integrated Command and Control Centre at Naya Raipur Smart City.
This is the proof of the direction and momentum of the Government.
We have got very good results of these efforts.
The new income criterion will be Rs. 8 lakh per annum.
The Prime Minister flagged off the Kalam Sandesh Vahini, an exhibition bus which shall travel across various States of the country and reach Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on October 15, which marks the birth anniversary of the former President.
People having a taxable income of more than 50 lakh rupees can be seen in big cities in large numbers.
He said Medical College will provide improved medical facilities to the people.
Today, in the twenty-fifth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to the welfare of ex-servicemen.
BRICS Smart Cities Workshop 19.
We should not be talking about what we are aiming for.
It will be the first ever University in Ladakh region, established under University of Ladakh Act 2018.
On the NarendraModiApp, on Twitter, on Facebook, by post – I thank all of you for that.
He stressed that the Hindi language should be spread through day-to-day conversations and complex technical terms should be avoided or used negligibly for official purposes.
About 90% of the troops are deployed in Indo-Pakistan Border, Indo-Bangladesh Border (including North East) and Left Wing Extremism (LWE) States.
Once there is anger, dissatisfaction, rage, we will be compelled to act against this scourge.
Similarly, he said, social justice is an important governance objective.
•Foster innovative entrepreneurship and support start-up India initiative
The Secretaries briefed the Prime Minister on the fruitful and productive 2+2 dialogue held earlier today.
We will continue to develop cooperation within other multilateral forums and organizations, including the WTO, G20 and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, as well as Russia-India-China cooperation.
· Annual Meeting of the BRICS Business Council – 22 to 23 July Durban
9. There may be some who, for some reason, are not able to deposit their old five hundred or thousand rupee notes by 30th December 2016.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approvedconveying of no objection to reduction in Government of India shareholding in IDBI Bank Limited to below 50% by dilution.
Despite hailing from small cities and towns, they nurtured dreams as high as the sky, and they also made them come true.
He added around 15000 Start ups have become operational in India within a span of 3-4 years and half of them are in tier I & II towns.
Just imagine yourself standing at the edge of a pond and you can see beautiful things at its bottom.
Metro rail connection between NOIDA and Greater NOIDA will result into people being assured about their mobility and thus more people will like to move to these satellite towns of Delhi, thus decongesting Delhi.
Friends, his experience can be of use to you as well: –
The Air Force also retaliated befittingly in 1965 too.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for raising a total of Rs. 31,300 crore in the financial year 2016-17 and to service the principal and interest against the Extra Budgetary Resources (EBR) of Rs. 16,300 crore by Government of India to augment infrastructure spending.
The ethanol blending and biodiesel programme is reducing carbon emissions, and raising farmers’ incomes.
It was collated with the Derge and two Chinese editions (Rgya-par-mag Uis).
We have over 300 million middle class consumers.
Snuff out my youth if you so wish
He said that 11 crore people have so far benefited from the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana.
Yad Vashem is a reminder of the unspeakable evil inflicted generations ago.
BSF exemplifies fortitude and impeccable service to our nation.
The proposed Agreement provides for cooperation in various fields of agriculture and food Industry.
He will unveil multiple Projects pertaining to health, education, water supply and sanitation.
The Framework Agreement was signed and exchanged t Jakarta on May 30, 2018.
The lease rent will be payable in advance for whole year in the beginning of the calendar year latest by 31st January.
He also spoke of the enormous investment potential in India, and encouraged the American investor community to step up investment in the country.
Netaji Bose was a great intellectual who always thought about the interests & wellbeing of the marginalised sections of society.
My dear fellow citizens, Namaskar.
“My forthcoming visit reminds us of the deep and centuries old connect between our societies.
Leather and Allied Sectors
He said this has become possible because the Union Government has kept national interest supreme.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Noida – Greater Noida Metro Rail Project covering a length of 29.707 k.m.
As thriving democracies, we share a desire to work closely together and with all who share our objective to support a rules-based international order that upholds agreed international norms, global peace and stability.
He said similarly, the farmers are being empowered.
And, this is why the three-year journey of Mann Ki Baat is in fact a journey of our countrymen, their emotions and their feelings.
Seventeen separate committees were constituted by the Constituent Assembly on various important issues.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi addressed the last sitting of 16th Lok Sabha today.
This would translate into additional investment of Rs. 10 lakh Crore by 2030-31.
There is no question of being soft on terrorism or terrorists.
He was a scholar, a diplomat, the President of India and yet, quintessentially a teacher.
It is as if he is, even now, teaching me in the class room.
There are still certain rules that can be of your help.
That is our commitment to a green and sustainable future.
We have a special bond with the Indian Diaspora which is living in the Girmitiya countries – who are deeply and emotionally attached with their place of origin.
Its timing was changed in the morning when Atal Bihari Vajpayee Government came into power and Budget was presented just after the commencement of the Parliament Session.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
1. Accruals into the proposed non-lapsable fund will be made available for expansion of secondary education and higher education.
As a result the equated monthly installment (EMI) for the beneficiary would be reduced.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for revision of the Agreement between India and Qatar for the avoidance of double taxation and for the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
He said that with the Statue of Unity, India has given itself today, a towering inspiration for the future.
It is no surprise that today Japan is India’s fourth largest source of FDI.
I thank the people of this country and salute them for participating in this Mahayagya against black money and corruption with utmost zeal.
There are a number of strengths of the North East which we need to harness for healthy growth of the region.
Just last week, I had a chance of meeting some daughters of Jammu & Kashmir.
The Prime Minister said that he is happy to note that the Indian community is contributing to development, research and innovation in Korea.
By the way, this also reminds me of tribal women of Chattisgarh, who have done something extraordinary and set a remarkable example.
We also agreed to enhance our coordination within the G20.
The Constitution of India is the spirit of our democracy.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
Our MPs also bring people from their constituencies and introduce them to me; they tell me many things, their difficulties also.
The main areas of this Memorandum of Understanding to promote ad facilitate mutual cooperation are as under:
But the agony experienced by the victim is more painful.
The poor are the greatest beneficiaries of the reduction in corruption.
I wish people spread all over the world who revere Lord Buddha and believe in the principles of compassion- I wish all of them an auspicious Buddha Purnima.
I appeal to the countrymen to do this.
The Board of the Port Authority has been delegated the power to fix the scale of rates for other port services and assets including land. d.
He entered into a dialogue with people and showed them the path of truth, sacrifice & dedication.
Ayurveda, Siddha, Unani, Yoga & Naturopathy and Homoeopathy are the important traditional health care systems existing in Sri Lanka.
He unveiled a plaque to mark the commencement of coal production and transportation from Dulanga coal mines.
Thanks a lot!
Its reality rests in your immense contribution to the economic and social well-being of this great country.
It also reduces their productivity.
He requested all Chief Secretaries to ensure that safe drinking water is made available to the residents of all 500 towns under AMRUT.
· Agri-business Roadshow
In this context, I extend hearty greetings to F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
Government is working towards completing all approvals by April 2018 and to launch the first academic program in July 2018.
The Prime Minister said that the Pradhan Mantri Gram SadakYojana came into being due to the efforts of Shri Venkaiah Naidu.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, and the President of the Republic of South Korea, Mr. Moon Jae-in, today jointly inaugurated a large mobile manufacturing facility of Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd, at Noida.
MoU on Cyber Security Cooperation between India and Israel
For cooperation in the development of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises in both countries and in improving their competitiveness in global markets.
I was impressed by their understanding of the financial world, and also their contributions to their adopted countries.
It accepts that voices of many, not views of a few should shape the global agenda.
Both leaders attached importance to the security, stability, connectivity and sustainable development of Oceans and Seas in the context of developing the “blue economy”.
1. Vocational education services for Indian citizens for skill development in the field of construction, electric-power production and distribution, manufacturing industry, trade, auto service and household goods repair and maintenance, transport, communication, hotels and restaurants as well as other fields being in high demand in India;
Vaidya Rajesh Kotecha, Secretary, Ministry of AYUSH
In case farmers do not repay the short term crop loan in time they would be eligible for interest subvention of 2% as against 5% available above.
He announced an immediate additional assistance of 500 crore rupees under the SDRF.
Was pleased to visit Haifa and pay homage there in person in July”, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister said that the Government of India is devoting significant efforts towards the development of waterways.
“Shashi Kapoor’s versatility could be seen in his movies as well as in theatre, which he promoted with great passion.
His passing away marks the end of an era.
He will Inaugurate a Plant Phenomics Facility of IARI.
Let me assure you that at every step of the way 1.25 billion people of India will stand by you- Both as partners and as friends.
“I bow to Swami Vivekananda on his Jayanti.
Through the help of a video, he explained how the UjjwalaYojana is transforming not just kitchens, but entire families.
You have brought smiles on the faces of all Indians”.
That is why, the government’s policies and schemes are formulated in a manner that they help in not only making the lives of poor and middle class people easier, but should also help them in saving the money.
Just come out of that exam mindset and spend half an hour with your parents.
It should cure the evils in society and nation.
Our task is cut out.
Felicitations to all of you on the occasion of these festivals.
iii. Establishing a Japanese language education centre for trainee candidates of care workers;
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala.
The Prime Minister will address the valedictory ceremony of the Conference tomorrow afternoon, before departing for Delhi.
Oversize vehicles
1. Enhancing Scope of Section 80JJAA of Income Tax Act: For providing deduction to Indian Company engaged in manufacture of goods in a factory towards additional wages paid for three years to new workman, the provisions of minimum 240 days employment in a year to a workman under Section 80JJAA of Income Tax Act would be further relaxed to 150 days for Footwear, Leather & Accessories Sector considering the seasonal nature of this sector.
These corridors of phase – 4 project will expand the coverage of Metro network thereby connecting more areas of the national capital.
Project for the Construction of Mumbai-Ahmedabad High Speed Rail(II)
South Korea being a leading manufacturer of Electric Vehicles has a huge opportunity in this sector in India.
The MOU will help the Academy to disseminate some of its experience in running a training institution for higher civil services in the country to NIPAM.
Ladies and Gentlemen.
They came together and toiled collectively.
It will act as a catalyst for development of Nandurbar, Vyara, Dharangaon and other places on the section.
Just as agriculture is vital for the economy, so are the medium and small scale enterprises also called the MSME sector.
We are using our Unique ID system in financial transactions and taxation for this purpose and the results are already visible.
He said that Prime Minister Irrigation Project has been started to improve the status of irrigation of Maharashtra and other parts of the country, including Dhule.
• A recognition of the importance of and a shared commitment to cooperate in capacity building in cyber security and cyber security research and development
It has been a unifying force among nations.
Growing connectivity has reinforced proximity.
In this context, the Prime Minister also spoke of initiatives in air connectivity and water connectivity.
• a scheme was introduced for declaring black money after paying a stiff penalty;
The main objectives of the Memorandum of Understanding are:
• Development of high tech fodder tree species nurseries with fodder crops and promotion of agro-forestry tor planting fodder tree species under integrated farming system including soil moisture conservation in drought prone areas
The meeting was attended by Union Finance Minister, both the Ministers of State for Finance, senior officers from the Prime Ministers office and Finance Ministry.
Meaning thereby that will your step help millions of those people in getting Swaraj who have an empty stomach and a dissatisfied soul!
He gave examples of the gas cracker project in Assam;revival of fertilizer plants in Gorakhpur, Barauni and Sindri; the Jagdishpur Haldia gas pipeline; and the Dhola Sadia bridge, to show how emphasis is being given to kickstarting projects in the region.
The Prime Minister congratulated Dr. Abdul Momen on his appointment as the Foreign Minister, and appreciated his gesture of selecting India as the destination for his first foreign visit.
He is at LBSNAA on a two-day visit.
The core functions of FIU-IND in relation to foreign FIUs include screening and processing requests from foreign Financial Intelligence Units (FIUs), disseminating information to foreign FIUs, establishing and maintaining relationship with foreign FIUs, and facilitating, administering and negotiating MoUs with foreign FIUs.
People from Meghalaya have made a notable contribution to our country.
In reality they are true ‘Karmyogis,’ who are selflessly engaged in public service, social service and, above all, in the service to the nation.
It has ensured that ghost accounts are done away with.
Have a cheerful and harmonious year ahead.
The visit assumes significant in the wake of giving a boost to health care facilities and services in Madurai and adjoining areas as the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of AIIMS in Madurai and inaugurate the super speciality blocs of Rajaji Medical College, Madurai ,Thanjavur Medical College and Tirunelveli Medical College as a part of upgradation projects of three Government Medical Colleges on the same day.
He explained how these schemes are improving the lives of the people.
iv. The designated airline will be free to decide tariffs in respect of the agreed services at reasonable levels based on the commercial considerations.
Higher allocation of Power to the State of Telangana from TSTPP will ensure that the Central Government has taken the necessary measures as enumerated in the Thirteenth Schedule of the AP reorganisation act, for the progress and sustainable development of the successor States.
At present, there are only a few ports in India that have sufficient draft and can match global cargo handling efficiencies.
This is an enormous task.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the continuation of Centrally Sponsored Scheme of National Ayush Mission (NAM) from 01.04.2017 to 31.03.2020 with an outlay of Rs. 2400 crore over the 3 year period.
So this is an area of concern and some time or the other this question will have to be thought of.
The Sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by Advance Pharma Company in Russia.
Fully automated and State of the art Coastal Installation Project will ensure security of the petroleum products for Andhra Pradesh.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
Besides this, the mind-set of the bureaucracy required change to enable them to work fearlessly and honestly.
India’s democracy is very mature.
Congratulations to the people of Meghalaya for hosting the North Eastern Council Plenary Meeting in Shillong.
Due to one careless allegation in the House on Rafale, both nations had to release statements:
I will end my visit in Yangon, where I look forward to visiting various historical spots that symbolise the shared heritage of India and Myanmar.
The construction of permanent campus of these institutes shall be completed by June, 2021.
With the support and partnership of the people, India has made rapid strides since 2014.
Otherwise, the discourse was confined only to the private and the public sector.
He appreciated the efforts of the State Government in the housing sector, and to ensure that more people get access to housing facilities.
The Prime Minister said that Laxman’s common man was timeless and pan-Indian.
This navigation device not only provides details of fishing zones but also provides weather related warnings to the fishermen.
It has tremendous potential, rich human resources, immense natural wealth, work force and it has the power to change lives.
The setting up the KisanMandi by SFAC, which will, provide as an additional, marketing channel/ platform to FPOs and Growers Association for direct sale of fruits and vegetables to whole sale and retail buyers in Delhi/NCR for the benefit of farmers as well as consumers of the country.
Tributes to the martyrs and condolences to their families.
The combined efforts of all led us to this accomplishment.
On implementation of the scheme/proposal, HAL will be lean with no liabilities and clean balance-sheet, so that the implementation of recommendations of the Ministers’ Committee is facilitated.
The student strength in each IIT at the end of the project will be 2360.
iv. NABARD will coordinate the conversion of operative/live KCCs into RuPay/ATM-enabled Kisan Credit Cards (KCCs) by Cooperative Banks and Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) in a mission mode.
f) This will be one-time measure to settle the outstanding amount in legacy accounts upto 2014-15.
This presentation will be moderated by the Chief Minister of Rajasthan, Smt.
Now you see the total savings on LED bulb purchase and electricity consumption becomes more than Rs.20,000 crores.
Therefore, it is the result of your honest paying of taxes when you have your meal with your family, 3 poor families are also able to have their meals at the same time.
The two-day Summit will be the largest ever investment promotion and facilitation initiative by the Government of Assam.
Every day, we are further rationalising our policies and procedures, to make it simple for businesses to establish and grow.
I congratulate our space and defence scientists for their achievements.
At Talcher, he unveiled a plaque to mark the commencement of work for the revival of Talcher Fertilizer Plant.
He said new industry, and institutions can develop along the Expressway.
MoU on Implementation of the Grant Component of India’s Post-Earthquake Reconstruction Package in the Health Sector in Nepal
India will work closely with Belarus in the coming days and months to implement today’s consensus and outcomes.
From tiny tots to Grandfather-Grandmother, when we all play these games together then the term ‘Generation Gap’ disappears on its own.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Steel.
Indeed, to me, America is not just a country with a great past; it is a country with an exciting future.
This government has put an end to it.
If we provide employment to people, if we ensure there’s food on their plates, if we provide them with facilities and give them education, all the tension will end.
Recent trends indicate that Asian centres like Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as preferred arbitration destinations.
Write good travelogues.
Tourism has been one of the greatest creators of livelihood and jobs.
But they exist invisibly and touch many aspects of our daily However most of these chemicals are imported from other countries.
On the day of the launch, IPPB will have 650 Branches and 3250 Access Points spread across the country.
He encouraged people to use e-banking and e-wallets.
Talking about the Union Government’s efforts in boosting the MSME sector, Prime Minister said that the easy availability of credit and people-friendly GST will greatly benefit the youngsters.
This will enhance employment opportunities for the youth in Bandipora and neighbouring districts.
We are developing village resources by spending crores of rupees through women self help groups.
He said that today, the whole world is acknowledging India’s rise.
Vice-President of India visited Brunei in February 2016.
The Prime Minister garlanded the statue of Shahid Chandrashekhar Azad and visited the memorial at his birthplace.
The pace, scale and scope of present-day economic change make it that more challenging.
He held discussions with the President of the National Assembly, Ms. Veronica Macamo.
“I will be visiting Buenos Aires from 29 November -01 December 2018 to attend the 13th G-20 Summit hosted by Argentina.
MEA has expressed need for more land for allotment to Diplomatic Missions/ International Organizations for building their Chanceries/ Embassies in Delhi.
• Scheme of Special Central Assistance (SCA) for 35 worst LWE affected districts has been introduced with an outlay of Rs.3,000 crore to tackle the issue of underdevelopment in these district.
b. To enquire into complaints regarding contravention of provisions of the Act; and
The MoU will encourage cooperation in the field of rural development and capacity building on the basis of equality and mutual benefit between both countries.
He actually extricated himself from the sting of terrorism and hatred and topped in the Kashmir Administrative Examination.
TheMetro will provide Eco friendly and sustainable public transport to residents, commuters, industrial workers, visitors and travelers.
“Saddened by the demise of Shri C. K. Jaffer Sharief Ji.
The Cuu Long Delta Rice Research Institute, is a prime example of the enormous impact of our cooperation.
This is sufficient for now so make only a small road.
He interacted with faculty members of the Academy, who gave him an overview of the work being done there, to train India’s civil servants.
I want to specially thank the farmers of the country.
This has generated employment for the poor.
We have improved on indicators like dealing with construction permits, getting credit, protecting minority investors, paying taxes, enforcing contracts and resolving insolvency.
The financial resources necessary to conduct research, training courses, conferences / meetings will be met from the existing allocated budget and existing plan schemes of Ministry of AYUSH.
• Bill’s provisions will enable the cross-matching between persons who have been reported missing on the one hand and unidentified dead bodies found in various parts of the country on the other, and also for establishing the identity of victims in mass disasters.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and France on technical bilateral cooperation in the field of new and renewable energy.
Ms. Arunima Sinha, the first female Divyang to climb Mount Everest, called on the Prime Minister at New Delhi, and apprised him of her upcoming mountaineering expedition to Antarctica.
· The Collector / DM would be empowered to authorize an officer not below the rank of Sub Divisional Magistrate for administering the oath of allegiance to the applicant.
In the Global Competitive Report of the World Economic Forum, India has made a big leap upwards by 32 ranks.
And in this, India stands ready as a willing and committed partner to enhance cooperation and support each other’s national efforts; I look forward to our progress together on this path.
We cannot tolerate black money and corruption.
He said that though diplomatic relations between the two countries are only 25 years old, yet ties between India and Israel go back several centuries.
He said that the key aim of officers today is the welfare of the nation and its citizens.
Cardiology, Cardiac Surgery (CTVS), Neurology, Urology, Nephrology, Reconstructive Surgery, Medical Gastroenterology, and Surgical Gastroenterology, with 7 Operation theaters.
Friends in the last few weeks, an impression was sought to be created that the agriculture sector has been destroyed.
“Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
Our national mission on cleanliness and sanitation – Swachh Bharat Abhiyan – has a special focus on “plastic waste management.”
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that heritage can be a great binding force between nations.
While we excel globally, we also need to develop local solutions that fit our unique context.
PM also dedicated National Salt Satyagraha Memorial in Dandi, to the nation.
These colleges also support various entrepreneurial skills such as bee-keeping, tailoring, etc.
Therefore I request you that you tell something to the younger generation today on this topic.”
The great scientist Albert Einstein said, “It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.”
Prime Minister Rasmussen is accompanied by a business delegation including CEOs of major Danish companies.
If we add 5% natural juice to aerated water, farmers would get their market and their fruits wouldn’t go waste.
Q. You have tried to reform Indian society, in part by the use of modern technology in remote and rural communities that lack proper sanitary conditions.
This lake continues to exist as a living example of Saint Shri Ramanujacharya’s work for the welfare of the people.
Gift City IFSC will be able to provide facilities and regulations comparable to any other leading international finance centres in the world.
PM will reach Itanagar from Guwahati tomorrow morning.
Yoga for unity and a harmonious society conveys a message that has permeated the world over.
The Constitution of India, which we feel so very proud of, bears an indelible stamp of his able leadership.
A saint and social reformer from a backward caste who transcended the barriers of caste and promoted social justice.
This could have been done much earlier with a too lower expenditure.
Our focus is on increasing the production of pulses.
At a separate event, the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Shri Yogi Adityanath, will release a book titled “Meri Kashi,” in the presence of the Prime Minister.
He said that the huge reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean, is due, to a large extent, to the military might of India, and our international partnerships.
PM lauded the role of Indian diaspora in keeping alive the tradition of VasudhaivaKutumbakam.
After the successful mission of sending Mangalyaan to planet Mars, recently ISRO scripted a world record in the arena of space.
The MoU shall come into effect on the date of its signature and shall remain effective until March 31, 2020.
Our solidarity with the bereaved families.
We will continue to widen our scope of cooperation by launching large-scale initiatives in different spheres and enhance and enrich our bilateral agenda so as to make it more result-oriented.
On our part, we in the Government are doing everything possible to strengthen the FitIndia movement”, the Prime Minister said in a series of tweets.
Though at a personal level, I was able to maintain engagements with Kenya.
Khwaja Moiunuddin Chishti, the first of the Chishti saints in India, said that human beings must have the affection of the sun, the generosity of the river and the hospitality of the earth.
CIRDAP Centre in NIRD&PR premises would give NIRD&PR an advantage of having first-hand knowledge of networking with organizations specialized in rural development programmes which in turn would help in building a repository of institutional knowledge for NIRD&PR.
To broadbase the catchment for senior positions in Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs), the policy of allowing candidates from State Public Sector Enterprises (SPSEs) and Private Sector has been in place.
And I appreciate the Indian Science Congress Association for choosing an appropriate theme “Science & Technology for National Development” for this year’s session.
We face the challenges and work to fulfil people’s aspirations.
He will dedicate the newly constructed building of IIT Gandhinagar, and launch the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Digital Saksharta Abhiyan (PMGDISHA).
Speaking on the occasion, he said that our minds are not ready to believe that Shri Vajpayee is no longer with us.
NBCC and HSCL are Government of India enterprises with similar lines of business activities.
In course of the conversation today the Prime Minister explained India’s policies in the areas of climate change and environmental sustainability.
PM warns Pakistan not to live in illusion that it can destabilize India
It is my privilege to be dedicating the Tuirial Hydropower Project to the nation at tomorrow’s programme in Aizawl.
And when water is available then I’ve a right to talk about water conservation and therefore I beg to the people of Kachch, Saurashtra and Gujarat to save water.
b) Sharing of expertise on use of Information Technology (IT) in examination processes, Computer Based Recruitment Tests and Examinations, sharing of experience in Single Window System for expeditious scrutiny and speedy disposal of cases, building merit based staffing system, etc.
In consonance with the Government initiative of ‘Ease of Doing Business’, it is desirable to shorten the duration of time taken for award of the Blocks / Contract Areas.
I even said it on Mann Ki Baat yesterday.
This will ensure that all development projects – airports, roads, canals, hospitals, schools, bridges – are built to appropriate standards and contribute to the resilience of communities they seek to serve.
India has been actively involved in power transmission and agricultural sectors in Lao PDR.
The purpose of this Agreement is to establish a training centre towards development of capacity for the countries on the Indian Ocean Rim (IOR), African countries bordering the Indian and Atlantic Oceans, small island countries under the framework of UNESCO.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the transfer of 34.87 Ha land in Sector 24, Dwarka, New Delhi from Delhi Development Authority to Land and Development Office (L&DO) for the purpose of the Second Diplomatic Enclave.
The Prime Minister recalled his recent interaction with the ASHA and Anganwadi workers across the country, via video conference.
My dear countrymen, with my best wishes to all of you for 2018, my speech draws to a close.
I want to tell you something about the ‘Naavika Saagar Parikrama’.
PM MODI: I am not conscious.
Protocol No.2 to the Agreement dated December 5, 2008 between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Russian Federation
What should be done to bring about the changes in poor people’s lives?
a) The applications will be received under the scheme upto 31st December 2018 or till such time that an incentive commitment of Rs 10,000 crore is reached, whichever is earlier.
We reiterate our strong condemnation of the use of chemical weapons by any party, for any purpose and under any circumstances and renew calls for comprehensive, objective, independent, and transparent investigations of all alleged incidents.
Both sides also recognized the need for arranging regular meetings between Qatar Investment Authority and relevant Indian authorities and public and private sector companies.
Over the last three years, I have been constantly telling the domestic and foreign investor community that we in India are making sincere efforts to improve ‘ease of doing business’.
I am restless to rid my country of malnutrition.
The Prime Minister said that the next step in this movement of Swachhta, should be conversion of waste to wealth.
PM emphasised that only empowered women can create an empowered society and a strong nation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today,flagged off the Bandra- Jamnagar Humsafar Express, at Jamnagar in Gujarat.
Seven of the top ten countries in the world in terms of number of deaths due to disasters are in the Asia-Pacific.
No one is small or big.
We live in an increasingly connected world.
These include:
This will help us ensure that we have a common understanding of the nature and severity of disaster risks in different parts of the world.
4. Rs.5 lakh will also be given to those who receive 50 per cent or more disability or incapacitation due to the same reasons.
Our deep condolences at the loss of innocent lives.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was informed today that India and Canada have mutually agreed to jointly issue a set of two Commemorative Postage Stamps on India-Canada: Joint Issue on the theme “Diwali”.
We have also shaped alternative narratives on long standing global challenges.
It is the result of our efforts to bring water to the parched areas of Maharashtra”, he added.
Only then will the habit of the body and mind will change.
We know that in our part of the world, and probably all around the world around the ending of the year we take a stock, contemplate, and draw plans for the next year.
He said that the projects worth nearly 1000 crore that were either inaugurated, or for which the Foundation Stone was laid today, is a part of this ongoing exercise.
In June this year, India’s National Disaster Management Plan was released which is aligned with the priorities set out in the Sendai Framework.
Now on, kindly make it a point to notice that whenever you come in contact with a natural condition , a new spirit emerges from within you.
*Other Projects
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi spoke to UK Prime Minister Theresa May on telephone on Tuesday.
We in India rejoice in our ties with Bangladesh.
In order to promote employment and to provide social security to employees the government has taken a far reaching decision.
PM MODI: I will tell you.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing and ratifying the Extradition Agreement between India and Morocco.
Likewise, India could also partner with South Africa in Start-ups, Health care & Pharma, Bio-tech, IT and IT enabled sectors.
The museum forms part of the complex of four Museums which are collectively known as “Kranti Mandir.”
Revision of norms of assistance under Mini Mission-II of NMOOP.
And this all happened during the period of British rule.
The SSA has been in successful operation since June 2010 and has benefitted Indian expatriates who have been working in the Netherlands.
• Clarity on tariff setting authority for multi-State sales.
He mentioned that the multitude the infrastructural development projects being implemented in Gujarat will transform the State massively.
“Congratulations to Shri Ram Nath Kovind Ji on being elected the President of India!
It is important to mention here that there is no functional urea unit in the Eastern part of the country except two small units at Namrup (Assam).
It will further promote understanding of the best practices in the areas of food safety in both countries and in faster resolution of issues related to food safety.
It also requires regular clarifications and frequent amendments in the existing regulations governing financial activities in IFSCs.
Applauding the various social initiatives carried out by the Dawoodi Bohra community, Prime Minister said that various efforts are taken by the government to ensure improved living standards for citizens, especially the poor and needy.
“Today, on Good Friday, we remember the service and sacrifice of Jesus Christ.
As a result of the efforts of the Union Government, schemes for the benefit of the North-Eastern region have been gained momentum.
The Prime Minister had a telephone call with the President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin to congratulate him on his victory in the Presidential elections held in Russia yesterday.
66. We acknowledge the importance of infrastructure development and connectivity in Africa and recognise the strides made by the African Union to identify and address the continent’s infrastructure challenges, inter alia, through the New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) and the Programme for Infrastructure Development in Africa (PIDA).
We also prioritized practical and specific engagement such as in the cyber domain.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Policy for award of waterfront and associated land to port dependent industries in major ports and its operationalization.
I am also confident that India may have missed the bus during the first three industrial revolutions, but this time, it is a bus India has not only boarded but will also drive.
They agreed that India would extend regular training to Myanmar diplomats at the Foreign Service Institute, New Delhi.
Shri Raghvendra Singh, Secretary, Ministry of Culture, India
He said it augurs a good start to bilateral exchanges following the new U.S. Administration and Congress.
But as far as pulses are concerned, production in India has been very low.
Lately, in all the states a lot of measures have been taken for water conservation.
The Prime Minister will offer floral tributes at SantKabir Samadhi, on the occasion of the 500th death anniversary of the great saint and poet, Kabir.
The Sides reaffirmed their commitment to enhance military technical cooperation between India and Russia, which has a long history of mutual trust and mutual benefit.
I hope that we all strive towards accomplishing the maximum possible tasks that are of public importance and significant to the country for the welfare of the people and the country.
The scheme will boost set up of new hospitals in tier 2-3 cities, which also increases job opportunities in the healthcare sector, he added.
Even if I look at it from the common man’s perspective, I also wonder where does this money go?
With this belief, my best wishes to you all.
Sometimes, natural calamities are a big challenge for us.
Shri Narendra Modi handed over keys to mark the Grihapravesh of Prime Minister Awas Yojana- Grameen (PMAY-G) beneficiaries in Maharashtra.
We condemn terrorism in all its forms and manifestations wherever committed and by whomsoever.
With these goals in mind, let us re-dedicate ourselves to create a New India of our dreams.
This number is expected to double in the next ten years.
Each and every Indian would be proud of these daughters.
Let us build mechanisms to meet global expectations, he asked the Secretaries.
He said the new format of the Conference has resulted in a marked improvement in the quality of discussions.
The government is committed to fight all such wrongdoings and maladies.
The proposal for closure of the company has been made as per the recommendations of BIFR, BRPSE and the Roadmap approved by CCEA on 29.12.2014 for phasing out non-plan budgetary support to sick CPSEs.
Expected Benefits:
We believe this joint Summit will lead to greater trust and understanding among countries of the two groupings, and will promote further cooperation for their mutual benefit.
We convey our heartfelt condolences to the Royal Family, the people and the Government of the Kingdom of Thailand.
I will join President Ashraf Ghani to inaugurate Afghanistan-India Friendship Dam in Herat.
The good thing is that Gayatri is expressing her own anger, and giving suggestions to me, but she also goes on to say, that she has made several efforts but could not succeed.
The project would generate significant direct and indirect employment of skilled, semi-skilled and unskilled workforce.
Electricity reached 95 percent of rural families, whereas four years ago it had only reached 70 percent.
At present, the University has 116 students in three schools of studies namely School of Historical Studies, School of Ecology and Environment Studies and School of Buddhist Studies.
They recognised confirmation by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that Iran is complying with its nuclear-related JCPOA commitments.
4. Today, more than Karya, I want to talk about Karya Sanskriti of the Government
A book has beencompiled on these women achievers, first ladies, so that, the entire country comes to know about the power of these women and derive inspiration from their life work.
At every step we will have to take care of the families of martyrs”.
PM MODI: Don’t make them heroes, they will stop
The ICAI is a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament of India.
PM also said that about 20000 NGOs have shut their operations after the government sought details of their funding and these numbers may increase in future.
Agreement will lead to a reduction of 0.5 degree in global temp by the end of the century and enable us to achieve the goals set in Paris.
The winter session of parliament gets underway today.
Prime Minister outlined the various aspects pursued by the Government to ensure financial security for the poor and the vulnerable.
It has been three months since it has been implemented.
Swami Vivekananda said – Where should you go to seek God?
I call upon all of you to actively participate in this exercise.
The Prime Minister offered flowers at the altar of the Temple.
It was Atal Ji’s exemplary leadership that set the foundations for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India in the 21st century.
They appreciated developments such as the launch of the new 2+2 Dialogue mechanism and the first-ever Trilateral Summit of India, the U.S. and Japan.
We will not be in a position to solve the various problems for years together.
I am looking forward to my interactions with other ASEAN and East Asia Summit Leaders.
But I was also inspired by their courage, ingenuity and resolve to recover from the disaster.
And very specially to our neighbouring countries.
In this context, he mentioned the National Energy Storage Mission.
May his soul rest in peace.”
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Centenary Celebrations of Bharat Sevashram Sangha through video conference.
President Putin’s visit will give us an opportunity to consolidate and reaffirm a unique time-tested friendship and partnership with Russia.
India appreciated the significant role played by Uganda for economic integration and maintenance of peace and stability in the Region.
There will be an additional implication of Rs. 12,133 crore on account of payments of arrears of pay and pension for two months of 2015-16.
Women Sarpanches and Panches from all over the country will be attending the event.
He said “About 14500 new houses are built at Yavatmal under PMAY.
He said this sense of belongingness is evident for India, in Nepal.
Secretary Carter briefed Prime Minister on the progress in taking forward the decisions and understandings reached in June this year.
However, the respective Ministries will need to re-align and strengthen their data systems to facilitate monitoring of the SDG indicators.
The event has been organized, as part of the centenary celebrations of the Satyagraha led by Mahatma Gandhi, in Champaran.
This will be the first time that an Indian Prime Minister would deliver this address.
Background:
India’s own quest for reforms in the global institutions is incomplete without an equal place for Africa.
If we do that, it gives us energy.
Azad’s courage and passion for freedom inspired the youth of the day.
The Summit aims at highlighting the geo-strategic advantages offered to investors by Assam.
Another initiative, is the National Investment and Infrastructure Fund.
3. During the meeting of Prime Minister Modi with State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi, discussions were held on various issues of mutual interest and ways of further strengthening our bilateral relations, including follow up on key decisions taken during the visit of the Prime Minister Modi to Myanmar in Septmber 2017.
This great man was none other than our revered Dr. Baba Saheb Ambedkar.
Namaskaar.Ayubuvan.
The move involves payment of annual contribution of US $ 5,00,000 to the International Vaccine Institute (IVI), Seoul, South Korea.
He said all of this could not be possible without employment opportunities also increasing.
Recognizing the importance of fostering an enabling environment for innovation and empowering entrepreneurs, the United States welcomes India’s hosting of the 2017 Global Entrepreneurship Summit.
India and Switzerland also share a commitment to reform international institutions in line with current global realities.
He said that during 2014 to 2019, the country would register average growth of 7.4 percent and the average inflation would be less than four and a half percent.
In the course of the interaction, the Prime Minister also recalled the earlier interventions made by the Union Government in 2014-15 and 2015-16, to ease the burden of sugarcane farmers, who were struggling under a huge amount of arrears worth more than Rs. 21,000 crore.
The minimum initial investment towards the membership of EBRD will be approximately €1 (one) million.
The delegation was led by Speaker Hon. Patrick Pillay and included Leader of Government Business, Hon. Charles De Commarmond.
The Policy, having a sunset clause, will be effective for 10 years from the date of its notification.
Matunga station in Mumbai is the first station in India which is run by an all woman staff.
India has always believed in making the benefits of good governance reach everyone.
26th January, our Republic Day was celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the nation by all of us.
I say this because it brings back to life a valuable landmark of Afghanistan’s cultural heritage.
To recharge Mother Earth once again, how can we replenish water back to the earth?
We have been celebrating this festival of independence, at a time when our daughters from states of Uttarakhand, Himachal, Manipur, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have come back after circumnavigating the seven seas.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential of the North-East.
However, legal reforms can deliver desired results only when there is an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism.
What happens in the examination hall is over and done there itself.
· Workshop on Trade in Services Statistics – 10 May (East London)
26. Both sides reaffirmed their support to the new United Nations reform agenda on the three reform tracks of peace and security, development and management reform.
I call upon you to think about the contribution of market participants to the exchequer.
The JDI covers the following areas of cooperation :-
b. Natural World Heritage Conservation: Facilitating the institutional capacity of the existing UNESCO Category -2 – centre at Wildlife Institute of India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Bangladesh on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
This MoU provides scope for pursuing cooperation in various areas of space science technology and applications including: eearth observation, satellite communication and navigation; exploration and space sciences; Research and development (space systems and space technology); and Space industry promotion.
Inspired by the life of Bhagwan Birsa Munda, we are working towards empowerment of our tribal communities, who are India’s pride”, the Prime Minister said.
Friends, if I ask you to start doing Yoga from tomorrow morning then that would be unfair.
I thank Aayanji for drawing the attention of all listeners of “Mann Ki Baat” towards this point.
Can media take a lead in the battle against it?
• 100% FDI under automatic route for Single Brand Retail Trading
In a way your question were the a personal,amiable touch.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
In a series of Facebook posts from his account, the Prime Minister said:
PM emphasised that all these projects will make the life of citizens of Haryana, healthy and easy besides creating new opportunities of employment for the youth.
As much the selfless Karma yoga is encouraged, the corrupt conduct will come down in the society.
They should think about the need for their child to stay relaxed.
The other member Countries of AMF TCP are USA, China, Japan, Canada, Chile, Israel, Germany, Austria, Sweden, Finland, Denmark, Spain, Republic of Korea, Switzerland and Thailand.
However, it has taken us many years to complete these projects.
The Prime Minister said festivals are a reflection of our collective strength, socio cultural values and rich cultural traditions.
It is from the mindsets,thought streams, entities and instruments rooted in the idea of hate and violence.
Each of our states is preparing an action plan against climate change.
We should remove these types of perversion.
The Agreement will provide for exchange of information between the two Contracting Parties as per latest international standards.
Under Operation संकट मोचन in July 2016, we evacuated over one hundred and fifty Indian nationals from South Sudan within 48 hours.
We have agreed to strengthen our security cooperation and work together against terrorism.
Stock markets are essential for the start-up ecosystem.
GSR 1584(E) dated 29.4.2016, Department of Consumer Affairs issued the Removal of (Licensing requirements, Stock limits and Movement Restrictions) on specified Foodstuffs Amendment Order, 2016 for enabling the State Government to impose stock limits on sugar upto 28.10.2016.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the National Digital Communications Policy-2018 (NDCP-2018) and re-designation of the Telecom Commission as the “Digital Communications Commission”.
The Prime Minister urged the youth to make sports a part of their lives.
The consumer plays an important role in the economy.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Jharsuguda, where he will inaugurate the Jharsuguda airport.
There are vast stone inscriptions in these temples and devotees get a chance to read these educative messages.
I will share these videos with you so that we may do aasans and pranayam together.
One truly remarkable thing that Sadhguru has done is he has made yogis out of ordinary, common people.
The story of human development has been of wide spread technological advancement and growing economic prosperity.
Can 125 crore countrymen resolve to undertake 2500 crores digital transactions during this year?
The first IFSC in India has been set up at GIFT City, Gandhinagar, Gujarat.
The fact is, when people are blessed with exemplary leadership, the might of arms pales in comparison to the collective will power of the people.
Terrorism should not be equated with any particular religion.
He will attend the closing session of the Mahatma Gandhi International Sanitation Convention (MGISC) at Rashtrapati Bhavan Cultural Centre.
We share a common legacy of struggle against colonialism.
As a visionary ruler, who had travelled extensively across the globe, he took several steps for the all-round development of Tripura.
The Prime Minister will also visit the Cancer Institute, Adyar in Chennai.
At a public function, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will hand over the keys to mark the Grihapravesh of Prime Minister Awas Yojana- Grameen (PMAY-G) beneficiaries in Maharashtra.
And today as Venkaiah ji is accepting this dignified post, I would quote a few lines:
Once again, on behalf of the people of India and on my own behalf, I thank you for accepting our invitation and honouring us with your presence, both in Gujarat and in Delhi.
We have made this arrangement that the poorest of the poor can board the train at the last moment without reservation.
CLMV countries namely Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam have a unique position in the regional value chains and offer a gateway for market access to China/EU and other markets due to various trade agreements.
In a Facebook post the Prime Minister said:
It means that this government’s performance in this sector is nearly two times better.
Cooperation in this area of hydrocarbons was also discussed.
This metro project has several significant features.
My fellow citizens, my namaskar to all of you!
In a way it had become a symbol of the VIP culture.
We have agreed to further enhance our cooperation to promote international security and stability in cyberspace through a framework that recognises the applicability of international law to State behaviour in a free, open, peaceful and secure cyberspace.
My dear countrymen, today as we refer to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, that too in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, I would like to share with you an incident from Netaji’s life.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Bihar on October 14, 2017.
The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, the National Company Law Tribunal, a new arbitration framework and a new IPR regime are all in place.
25. We haven’t allowed inflation to go beyond 6 per cent.
During the visit, he will unveil the plaque to mark the dedication to the nation of Integrated Refinery Expansion Complex, BPCL Kochi on January 27,2019.
Today I will go to the Anand Temple in the Bagan.
I have heard about many such people including Pune based sculptor Shri Abhijit Dhondphale, Kolhapur institutions Nisarg-Mitra and Vigyan Prabodhini, Nisarg Katta in Vidarbh, Gyan Prabodhini of Pune, and Girgaoncha Raja of Mumbai.
How are we going to respond to these challenges that we do not even know could arise?
The Governing Board of Nalanda University has since been constituted as per section 7 of Nalanda University Act, 2010 with effect from 21.11.2016 with, the approval of Hon’ble President of India.
We agreed that peace, stability and prosperity in Afghanistan are important for the region.
The Prime Minister has sought answers on very pointed and direct aspects of the decision of 500 and 1000 rupee notes ceasing to be legal tender.
(i) Sale of surplus and vacant land of about 87.70 acres of HAL (actual area of land to be sold would depend upon the rates received in bids, as per guidelines of BIFR) to meet the net liabilities of Rs. 821.17 crore after waiver and deferment, through an open competitive bid from Central /State Government Departments, Govt.
Even today it serves over 70 villages, fulfilling their drinking water and irrigation needs.
In the end, I would like to take this opportunity to thank you and your Government for protecting Indian Embassy and Consulates and ensuring the safety and security of Indian experts working in Afghanistan.
He said the cities of Pune, Hyderabad and Indore have raised significant sums of money through Municipal Bonds; and other cities such as Lucknow and Ghaziabad would soon follow suit.
2. Exchange of information and research works related to issues of mutual interest between the two sides, including information on government strategies and development programs;
We duly accepted the recommendations.
In this context, Shri Modi mentioned about Atal Innovation Mission, Umang App and three lakh Common Service Centres spread across the country.
Ever since he tookover as the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi ensured that Mahatma Gandhi’s ideals, principles and teachings are held aloft, both in India and abroad, through his speeches and actions.
Prime Minister will lay foundation Stone of 30,000 houses under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
“Anguished by the passing away of Shri Kundan Shah.
My problem is not against criticism.
Innovation and commercialisation will be given due emphasis in fields like metallurgy & materials, nano-materials, biological & medical sciences, and chemical & engineering sciences.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
PM inaugurated the National Cancer Institute (NCI) at Badhsa village in Jhajjar district from Kurukshetra itself.
Prakash Tripathi ji’s commitment to democracy is praiseworthy.
OTS with secured creditors will be made to free the land assets of the Company.
President Rahmon and I agreed today to strengthen action on this front based on mutually agreed priorities.
May this festival bring happiness, good health and prosperity in everyone’s lives.
I do not believe that this process of GST is restricted to the scope of economy only.
The amendments are also proposed in section-9 to protect children from sexual offences in times of natural calamities and disasters and in cases where children are administered, in any way, any hormone or any chemical substance, to attains early sexual maturity for the purpose of penetrative sexual assault.
We have lowered the corporate tax from 30% to 25 % particularly for new investments and smaller ventures;
My discussions with Prime Minister Jugnauth have been warm and productive.
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
You have talked to me as one of your own.
The North East region is also very important to us for strategic reasons.
Both Prime Ministers agreed to close cooperation in the UN, and other multilateral fora.
If we all try together it will not be a difficult task to fulfil the dreams of Gandhi and dreams of those freedom fighters.
My government has launched the “Atal Innovation Mission”.
He said one good theme could be the development of aspirational districts.
It also inspires us to maintain the unity & integrity of the country.
He won total 80 KD (Kuwait Dinars), equal to his donation, as prize money from ACER.
These are middle class and lower middle class families that have given up their subsidy.
Therefore, the effort is that people on the field contribute to solutions.
d: Human Resources in Health and Medical Education
Since its inception in 2003, Vibrant Gujarat Summit has played the role as a catalyst spurring several other states to come forward with such summits to promote trade and investments there.
· 52% of the total foreign investment in the electrical equipments has come in during the three years of this government.
Hence , we laid emphasis on Co-operative Federalism.
The Prime Minister felicitated the Sarpanches of villages which have achieved 100 percent smokeless kitchens, 100 percent vaccination under Mission Indradhanush, and 100 percent electrification under Saubhagya Scheme.
This event will provide you a glimpse of the opportunities that await you, in India.
Now it is the turn of 125 crore people to have their say.
The implementation of GST and other measures of simplification of taxes have reduced transaction costs and made processes efficient.
Mentors also collaborate with the School administrators to ensure the ATLs operate in the manner, mandated by AIM.
· To encourage oil palm plantation on large scale by corporate bodies and to utilize wastelands.
Russia is an abiding friend.
The Prime Minister said that India once had well planned urban spaces.
Around 1445 doctors of various Ministries/Departments of the Central Government would be benefitted.
Similarly transferring the subsidy, scholarship, etc directly into the bank accounts of the beneficiaries have saved Rs.1 lakh crore in leakages, he added.
Once completed, the project would be among the largest of its kind, fulfilling the promise of the U.S.-India civil nuclear agreement and demonstrating a shared commitment to meet India’s growing energy needs while reducing reliance on fossil fuels.
Today when India speaks of climate justice or plays a major role in the Cop21 and Paris agreements or when we unite the whole world through the medium of International Solar Alliance, they all are rooted in fulfilling that very dream of Mahatma Gandhi.
He had this incredible ability to mould conditions in his favour.
iii) Communicable Diseases;
The Rashtriya Yuva Sashaktikaran Karyakram Scheme is an ongoing Central Sector Scheme of the Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports and has been continuing since 12th Five Year Plan.
He said that the new generation in India must not be allowed to fall victim to the rising global tide of extremism.
Due to heightened financial risk and volatility in global economy, short term swap requirements of SAARC countries could be higher than the agreed lines.
Today roads are being built at twice the speed.
Our energy partnership, is an important bridge in our linkages.
If you don’t return then I am not going to rest.
This will not only improve our refining and processing efficiencies but also ensure timely and efficent project completion.
And this is your opportunity.
Being a woman, I feel an empathy with her family.
It will be targeted to cover over 10 crore poor and vulnerable families.
Foundation Conference of BRICS Centre for Materials Science and Nanotechnology 109.
He also recalled the role of members of Indian community in the Kenya’s freedom movement.
He was fighting for a clean and non-corrupt political system.
This is an example that nation is treading the path of honesty.
Meeting of BRICS Network University International Governing Board (IGB) (27 September 2016, Mumbai) 45.
New power projects in J&K region will provide employment to youth: PM
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), at Bilaspur.
There are various categories of these gallantry awards like Kirti Chakra, Shaurya Chakra, Vishisht Seva Medal and Param Vishisht Seva Medal.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Sao Tome and Principe for Cooperation in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine and Homoeopathy.
Once a folk singer came to meet me.
And, I am most grateful to Excellency President Maithripala Sirisena, Excellency Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe and the people of Sri Lanka for extending to me the honourto be the Chief Guest at the International Vesak Day festivitiesin Colombo.
In less than 3 years, this government has transformed the economy.
AIM’s Mentor of Change Programme is mandated to ensure the success of the ATLs.
In a way, it is a reflection of our ongoing efforts to see to it that the speed with which our country is changing, gather momentum.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, attended the Gita Aradhana Mahotsav at ISKCON-Glory of India Cultural Centre, New Delhi, today.
Another area under negotiation in Nairobi dealt with the rules on fisheries subsidies.
However, it is a matter of satisfaction and pride that the election campaign has been a dignified one.
But if you scrutinize, then you will be proud of the fact that there many loftier personalities amidst us and you will naturally be proud of the very fact that today the common man is being cited for Padma awards without any recommendations.
Thank you once again for the honour to be with you.
He made it clear that the Government will be adding more number of seats in the educational institutions to ensure that the other category students will not be affected.
He also said that scope for reform in many areas still exists.
They agitate my heart.
The Prime Minister invited the President to grace the inauguration of the Amritsar Ministerial.
Gujarat CM , Vijay Rupani lauded PM Modi for his policy driven governance and visionary leadership and assured the captains of industry all possible support to facilitate easy business.
Budget Session is very important.
It was during this very year that our country has successfully accomplished the Nuclear Triad, which means we are now armed with nuclear capabilities-in water, on land and in the sky as well.
I believe that the Qingdao Summit will further enrich the SCO agenda, while heralding a new beginning for India’s engagement with the SCO.
He inaugurated / laid foundation stones for various development projects there.
Branch Postmasters (BPMs) and other than Branch Postmasters namely Assistant Branch Postmaster (ABPMs).
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the untimely & unfortunate demise of legendary hockey player Mohammed Shahid.
Governor of Uttar Pradesh, Shri Ram Naik, CM of UP Shri Yogi Adityanath, Chairman of Akshaya Patra Foundation Swami Madhu Pandit Dasa and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
All in all, they represent all corners of our country.
But one understands the difficulties you were facing when there was no toilet and that the construction of this toilet has really proved to be a big boon for you.
Central government has also approved the expansion of the first phase of Chennai Metro at a cost of nearly 4,000 crore rupees.
Outcome of the Budget Session
There are others recruited to the cause in misguided belief”, the Prime Minister said.
The move is intended to supplement the efforts of the Government to improve infrastructure spending and to improve the revenue-capital mix of the expenditure for a more sustainable growth.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled his visit to France in April 2015 during which he interacted with a number of French business leaders, and appreciated the invaluable contribution of business leaders from both countries in strengthening the bilateral ties between India and France over the years.
Our farmers are using micro irrigation, drip irrigation and sprinkler irrigation methods.
We must save water.
He said, today, this collective willpower, is working to accomplish the resolve of New India.
Aviation education and skill development xx.
Second, it is an occasion when those, who are already introduced to Yoga, re-dedicate themselves to its pursuit.
Your institution reminds such people of the values from this lesson of Satyam Vada, Dharmam Chara.
Cooperation Agreement between National Investment Promotion Agency ‘Invest India’ and the Roscongress Foundation
It will facilitate sharing of experience and expertise of both the parties in the area of recruitment.
You have trusted us.
This is to ensure the fruits of development accrue not to a few, not to many but to all Indians.
The presentation of separate Railway budget started in the year 1924, and has continued after independence as a convention rather than under Constitutional provisions.
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities.
Promoting educational exchanges.
I thanked Prime Minister Costa for Portugal’s consistent support for India’s permanent membership of the UN Security Council.
Shriman Prakash Tripathi has further cited some examples.
The signed MoU would lead to setting up of a Joint Working Group, which will further work out the plan of action including the time-frame and the means of implementing the provisions of this MoU.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of taking pride in our history, and in our rich archaeological heritage.
Among the projects being inaugurated are: 6-Lane Cable Stayed Bridge across river Chambal at Kota; 4 Laning of Gomati Chauraha – Udaipur section of NH-8; and 4-Laning of Rajsamand-Bhilwara section of NH-758.
I brought about a change in this.
In reality, a common man was not troubled as much by such restrictions, as he was troubled by continuous strikes declared by separatist elements.
In this plan, under the “BIMSTEC Trans-Power Exchange and Development Project”, it was decided that a Task Force led by Thailand, with representatives of member countries, will give a report on draft MoU for grid interconnections.
It’s a matter of sorrow for all of us that we lost Kalpana Chawla at that early age, but her life, her work is a message to young women across the world, especially to those in India, that there are no upper limits for Nari Shakti …. the power of women.
I will expand the word sports to share them:
The Agreement was signed on 26th March, 2018.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister appreciated the Girinka Programme, and President Paul Kagame’s initiative in this regard.
There are many reports whose evaluation indicate that India is taking rapid strides ahead.
Apart from this, some funds are provided – both Revenue and Capital – as 100% Central funding basis, implemented through State and Central agencies.
Secondly, the world didn’t know me.
He added that if we do not protect and nurture our rivers, mankind will be the loser.
It is overwhelming to see you all spare your valuable time to attend this auspicious occasion.
Tough on terrorism
We are a young Nation.
Where there is no “I” or “You” is Advaita, the thought that God and I are different is not there.
One such Saint was – Sant Ravidas.
He recalled that he had first met Dada Vaswani 27 years ago at the World Religions Conference in the United Nations.
We need to address the problems of ease of access, maintenance, redundancy and duplication of expensive equipments in our Scientific Institutions.
We are committed to the economic prosperity of our Sri Lankan brothers and sisters.
Policy stipulates that adoption of energy efficient technologies in the MSME steel sector will be encouraged to improve the overall productivity & reduce energy intensity.
But, the picture of New India is altogether different.
To make public policy Cool, is no mean task!
He also visited the Complex and showed keen interest in the innovative spirit behind the project.
This is valid for short term tourist and business travellers.
Some called it Lagori, at other places it was Satoriya, Saat Pathar, Dikori, Satodiya… one game with many names!
Comparing the performance of his Government vis a vis UPA, Mr. Modi said that “In four years of our rule, we constructed 1.30 crore houses while in UPA rule they built 25 lakh houses.”
Speaking on the occasion, he said the huge gathering shows the respect that people have for Maa Narmada.
It is the responsibility of the Election Commission to organize free and fair election in the country of about 85 crore voters with diverse socio-political and economic backgrounds.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following proposals of the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion:
Our words and actions remain focused at advancing a critical unfinished mission of our time.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
The accounts will be audited by the C & AG of India and will be laid in both the Houses of the Parliament.
States are being rated on parameters of Good Governance.
PM KISAN is a Central Sector scheme with 100% funding from Government of India.
And Friends!
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) by Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) with Capital Markets Authority (CMA), Kuwait for mutual co-operation and technical assistance.
He let sunshine peep into the darkened lives of the deprived and the oppressed.
Umbrella Scheme for Development of Backward Classes, Differently Abled and other Vulnerable Groups
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will pay visit to Kumbh at Prayagraj tomorrow.
It is said that one literate woman can educate two families.
Expressing disagreement with the trend to criticize business and industry, the Prime Minister said that this townhall programme has illustrated how leading corporates are doing excellent social work, and urging their employees to venture out and serve the people.
The MoU was signed in Ottawa, Canada on 15th April 2015.
The present proposal will generate employment for skilled, semi-skilled labourers along with job opportunities for technical experts, also there will be creation of jobs in manufacturing industries involved in the metro construction work.
Their timely evacuation was of a prime concern, since the heavy monsoon would have delayed rescue-attempts by a few months.
Women are equally contributing in building a strong India.
He said enhanced rail connectivity will facilitate movement of people and make mineral resources more accessible to industry.
We are of one view that together our scientists and researchers would develop, build and implement mutually beneficial solutions in the field.
President Putin and I have just concluded an extensive and useful conversation on the entire spectrum of our engagement.
The Prime Minister appreciated the farmers and the agriculture scientists for record crop production this year.
But the Pradhan Mantri fasal Beema Yojana even takes this into consideration and benefits the farmer.
The MoU will remain in force for a period of five years and will be renewable by mutual written consent between India and Vietnam.
Past Administrative experience: Deputy Minister for Food and Civil Supply, Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Forest and Environment, Tribal Development, Rural Development, Labour and Empolyment and Panchayat and Rural Housing in the Government of Gujrat.
The emphasis on cleanliness is important because a Clean India ensures people do not suffer from diseases, he added.
Ways and means to connect with the people and lending hues of freedom to their day to day work were taught.
This will provide connectivity to remote villages.
Indeed, we stand out as a bright spot in the global economy.
They agreed to further enhance high-level political exchanges, defence and security cooperation, trade and economic relations and people-to-people linkages.
One Swachh Innovation, one Swachh Best Practice, and one Swachh Entrepreneur will also receive awards from the Prime Minister.
I pray for the continued progress and prosperity of Maharashtra.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address the inaugural session of the summit aimed at giving a fillip to investments in Gujarat.
My intention was to ensure that the Divyangjan secure their due rights and also the honour and dignity that they are entitled to.
He said the aim is to reduce distances, and develop a sense of closeness in hearts.
Both sides took note that this violence was triggered off by a series of attacks by Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) militants which led to loss of lives amongst the security forces as well as the civilian population.
Broad Gauge Passenger Trains will now connect the States of Manipur and Mizoram.
The MoU intends to promote closer cooperation between India and other maritime nations comprising the South Asian seas region namely Bangladesh, Maldives, Pakistan and Sri Lanka for protection and preservation of marine environment in the region.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
14. Both sides noted that addressing the menace of global terrorism should be based on a comprehensive approach which should include, but not limited to, countering violent extremism, combating radicalization and recruitment, disrupting terrorist movements, stopping all sources for financing of terrorism, stopping flow of Foreign Terrorist Fighters, dismantling terrorist infrastructure, and countering terrorist propaganda through the internet.
In addition to above, they will also be entitled to benefits of reservation in services and admission to educational institutions as per Government policy.
If we talk about providing electricity to villages on the basis of work done in 2013, it would have taken a couple of more decades to accomplish this work.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi interacted with participants across the globe in Bharat Ki Baat Sabke Saath programme held at London, U.K.
I am told you also have a Swahili proverb:
In an email sent to lakhs of teachers, the Prime Minister mentioned their tremendous influence on the lives of children, and added that the values inculcated by teachers stay with the students for a lifetime.
Come,let me tell you the message of Shri Rao.
We also feel that our homemade sweets must reach our country’s soldiers.
Who did it?
Today’s world is an inter-dependent and inter-connected world therefore it is absolutely natural that in our discussions we will be discussion not only bilateral issues but also issues of international importance.
Regional air connectivity and expansion of railway lines have shown marked improvement resulting in creation of job opportunities.The Prime Minister said, “When we construct roads and bridges, we do not only connect towns and villages.
A partnership that would also create new economic opportunities.
For the all round development of Jammu and Kashmir, a decision has been taken for implementing a development package of more than Rs. 80 thousand crore (800 billion rupees) in consultation with the State Government.
We could look at this as preparations for Diwali, preparations for Navaratri, preparations for Durga Puja.
The National Selection Committee also finalized the names of 2 individuals and 3 institutions for Bal Kalyan Puraskar.
Till now we have heard the echo of the mantra of Enrolment!
And it is also noteworthy that owing to its guarantee of success with lesser cost, ISRO has carved its special place in the world.
In closing, I want to thank President Lukashenku for being our honoured guest.
He said that he has seen poverty, and understands people’s problems.
It also provides for an additional subvention of 3%.
Various CEOs complimented the Prime Minister on the massive improvement in India’s rank in the recent World Bank Doing Business Report.
The chasm between the governments and the people leads to ruin.
The Indian Institutes of Information Technology Act, 2014 confers the status of Institutions of National Importance on the IIITs and also provides for matters connected with administering these IIITs.
There are times when not having enough confidence in oneself makes one crave to peep into a fellow student’s answer sheet, may be just to confirm if one has written the correct answer.
The majority of new jobs are likely to go to women since the garment industry employs nearly 70% women workforce.
They propel my vision to transform India, its industry, its economy, its way of doing business, and its interface with the world.
It is often seen that girls are not encouraged much to participate in sports such as Kabaddi.
The Prime Minister said, “Remembering our beloved former President, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam on his birth anniversary.
He described GST as a “Good and Simple Tax” which would ultimately benefit the people.
Providing exit route to developers by way of divesting their equity upto 100% after completion of 2 years from the Commercial Operation Date(COD).
The Prime Minister underlined his Government’s sustained efforts, when he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, in bringing Narmada water to the far flung areas of the Kutch region.
Right from historical times, Bihar’s contribution towards the nation’s progress is exemplary and invaluable”, the Prime Minister said.
In that phase, with the influence of these saints, these great men, India was able to move forward and save itself, despite a lot of adversities.
Dr. Shantha, in her opening speech spoke about some of the difficulties being faced by the Institute.
The new monument will be a tribute to the shared cultural heritage and long-lasting friendship between India and RoK.
PM Modi will conclude the visit by addressing a public meeting.
This is a new avenue opened by the government for you people.
PM said that through PM Kisan Saman Nidhi announced in the budget, those with less than 5 acre will get Rs 6000 every year in their bank accounts in three installments.
With reference to the social schemes related to Financial Inclusion, my question to you is: In the backdrop of the Jan DhanYojna launched in 2014, can you say that, do the statistics show that today, three years later, India is financially more secure and stronger, and whether this empowerment and benefits have percolated down to our women, farmers and workers, in villages and small towns.
He will inaugurate Jalgaon-Udhana Doubling and electrification Rail Project.
According to an independent study, the average construction completion time has dropped sharply, from 314 days in 2015-16, to 114 days in 2017-18.
You can write essays in various languages and there is no age limit.
It has been a productive and memorable twenty-four hours in Israel.
I will be focusing on enhancing India-UK partnership in the areas healthcare, innovation, digitization, electric mobility, clean energy, and cyber security.
Dear countrymen, we have rooted out nepotism and affiliations.
They expressed satisfaction with the conclusions reached at the 6th meeting of Myanmar-India Joint Trade Committee held in New Delhi, India in June, 2017 and agreed to continue holding of meetings on Border Trade Committee and Border Haats Committee.
I am delighted to visit this great country once again.
The programme, despite making moderate gains in arresting the declines in water quality, had certain limitations in implementation.
The Prime Minister said Manipur has also been a front-runner in the field of women empowerment.
Housing loans above 9 lakh and 12 lakh will be at non-subsidized rates.
The 26th of November is our Constitution Day.
• Under the umbrella scheme, central budget outlay of Rs.10,132 crore has been earmarked for internal security related expenditure for Jammu & Kashmir, North Eastern States and left wing extremism affected States.
It is also true that there is no such MP today, who doesn’t appeal to the government for the development of rural areas day in and day out – be it the Government of Dr. Manmohan Singh ji or mine.
He said that now 1.25 lakh rupees is reaching the beneficiary’s account in four instalments, easily.
“I will be visiting Washington, D.C. on 24-26 June at the invitation of President Donald J. Trump.
• Exchange knowledge and explore cooperation on smart cities, including transit-oriented urban development, air pollution control, waste management, waste-to-energy, waste-water treatment, district cooling and circular economy, including through dialogue and capacity building. –
We are also committed to working with the EU to further deepen our cooperation in strengthening our trade and investment flows.
NKN inter connects about 1700 major Research and Educational Institutes in India, thereby providing a powerful platform to close to five crore students, researchers, academicians and government officers.
It was the same you, nobody had now told you the answer!
c) pharmaceuticals and pharmacoeconomics; and
How many of you get the opportunity to visit your village after every 4 or 5 months?
Heartiest welcome to Prime Minister Mark and his delegation in India.
The people represent the will of the Almighty and their blessings become His blessings.
The flower heads of the summer fruit mango manifest themselves in the spring season itself.
I want to say this to the people of the country that we do not wish that after the 30th September anything should happen that will cause difficulties for you.
The Prime Minister said that IFS Officers should remain alive not only to the current national priorities, but also future requirements for national development.
The new Central Universities in the States of Bihar, Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir (Two), Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Orissa, Punjab, Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu were established under Central Universities Act, 2009.
The village pradhan Mohammad Shafi came to know about this.
In a Resolution passed at a special Cabinet Meeting, the Cabinet noted that in his passing away, the country has lost a veteran and distinguished leader who held many eminent positions as a Member of Parliament and as Minister of State (Independent Charge) Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
He said the Government wishes to provide Housing for All by 2022.
The High Courts (Alteration of Names) Bill, 2016 will facilitate the changing of the names of ‘Bombay High Court as Mumbai High Court’ and ‘Madras High Court as Chennai High Court’ respectively.
8. We recommit our support for multilateralism and the central role of the United Nations in international affairs and uphold fair, just and equitable international order based on the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations, respect for international law, promoting democracy and the rule of law in international relations, and to address common traditional and non-traditional security challenges.
Beneficiaries
As students, it is vital to ask questions, the Prime Minister said.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
“Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud.
Normally it is one or two children in a home due to appear at their exams, but the entire family feels the burden of it.
It is a privilege for India to host all the ASEAN Leaders for the second time in five years.
Hence, neither by abuse nor by bullets, change will come by embracing all.
He remarked that studying Laxman’s work through the decades is a nice way to understand sociology, and the socio-economic milieu of the times.
So this is the basis of my economic philosophy.
The United States supports the Government of India’s ambitious national goals to install 175 GW of renewable power which includes 100 GW from solar power.
Nation’s economy has seen those quarters when the growth rate slipped down to 0.2 per cent, 1.5 per cent.
He also dedicated the Garjanbahal coal mines, and the Jharsuguda-Barapali-Sardega rail link to the nation.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
We will continue holding regular joint land and sea military exercises, and training in each others’ military institutions.
On 11th February, they successfully tested a high altitude ballistic missile shield, which can provide effective security cover to our cities, against missile attacks.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condemned and expressed anguish over the terrorist attack near Kabul.
Indonesia
• introducing measurement of height of children at the Anganwadi Centres (AWCs)
This will ensure that all teachers, in position as on 31st March, 2015, acquire the minimum qualifications prescribed by the academic authority to extend the period for such training for four years up to 31st March, 2019.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, held one on one meeting, with the leaders of various automotive and transportation companies from all over the world, in New Delhi.
The composition of the Governing Board is broad based with due representations from the Government, domain experts, etc.
We encourage the presence of Korean Trade Offices in India.
He said more than 27 crore LED bulbs have been distributed so far.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Bhartiya Janaushadhi Pariyojna and other Central Government health care schemes from across the country, through video bridge.
• Identifying, coordinating, sharing, and implementing cybersecurity best practices;
It will create avenues for livelihood generation, and financial inclusion through digital payments.
His contribution towards India’s freedom movement was tremendous.
The more you share joy, the more it multiplies.
Over the last two decades, most community based efforts have been confined to disaster preparedness and contingency planning for the short term.
And I appeal to every citizen to actively participate in the Cleanliness Survey to be undertaken in the coming days.
Recognizing the importance of skill development for youth, the Government has created a dedicated Ministry for Skill Devlopment.
Exchanging visits by governmental officials, academic staff, scholars, teachers, experts and students; iii.
We are devoting significant attention to eastern India- Bihar, Assam, West Bengal, Odisha, and the Northeast.
Keep learning something new, such as newer skills and languages.
Whenever there is a reference to cleanliness, I do not forget to express my gratitude to media persons.
Serving Judicial summons for Court proceedings in India is a major problem, which would be taken care of by this Bill by amending the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973.
While thinking of Chandrkant Kulkarni, let us also follow him.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi interacted with the young professionals in a town hall programme at the New India Youth Conclave in Surat.
The money collected through taxes is being used for those brave soldiers who risk their lives on the border to protect us.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the spirit of ‘Nari Shakti’ on International Women’s Day.
24 hour news channels are now available to millions of Indians.
In August 2016, about 90 political parties in the country, many of these parties in the Parliament, which were staunch opponents of each other and which do not miss the slightest opportunity against each other, all these parties got united and passed the GST Act.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Morocco on India-Morocco Cooperation in Renewable Energy.
This navy had a big role in the expansion of the Chola-rule and in making it an economic super power.
He said the sixth announcement is that all public sector undertakings of the Union Government must now compulsorily be a part of GeM.
Welcome to Delhi.
We hope that they will soon be able to meet with their families in Myanmar.
Those who have looted the poor will have to return that to the poor.
The leaders noted that the bilateral Cyber Dialogue provided a strong foundation for existing and future cooperation and welcomed the holding of its latest round in New Delhi on 29 August this year, and the next India-EU Cyber Dialogue in Brussels in 2018.
Digital payments in India has grown significantly in last four years, making Indian economy digital and transparent.
Do you know why they had to resort to such a cowardly operation?
But there are some people who go ahead with their work, to bring about a change through their hard work and dedication; they make it a reality.
Maternal and child health protection; 6.
We are a top sporting power in badminton, doing well in shooting, weight-lifting and many more sports.
Panchayati Raj system has gradually spread to the entire country and is functioning successfully as an important unit of our democratic system of governance.
However, the Ministry of Human Resources Development can allocate funds for any programme/scheme of secondary and higher education, based on the requirement & prescribed procedure.
To cut down on import of Crude oil, government has taken decisive steps towards reducing imports by ten percent and saving precious foreign exchange.
• The two Leaders reiterated their commitment to respecting freedom of navigation and over flight, and unimpeded lawful commerce, based on the principles of international law, as reflected notably in the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS).
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
He expressed the desire of the Government of Nepal to develop bilateral relations in a way so as to benefit from India’s progress and prosperity for economic transformation and development.
As we implement the Sendai Framework, we would welcome new opportunities for regional and international collaboration.
e) To invest in the Tourism and Hospitality sectors.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, on his birth anniversary.
I have suggested to the Ministry of Minority Affairs that they should ensure that all women who have applied to travel alone be allowed to perform Haj.
In the three years of this government this figure has crossed 2100 kilometers mark.
The event will provide opportunities for the young Diaspora to engage with New India.
Our country, our society is facing challenges even today.
This has made the arbitration process easy, timely and hassle-free.
For SLWM activities, the financial assistance is provided with a cap of Rs.7/12/15/20 lakh to Gram Panchayats having up to 150/300/500/more than 500 households respectively.
These changes directly appeal to the middle class.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare.
At present, there are 20 Ministries/ Departments implementing skill development programs mostly using private sector training providers.
When in October 1916, Lok Manya Tilak ji came to Ahmedabad, more than 40,000 people that time gave him a welcome and during that very visit, Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel had a chance to talk to him.
As committed under the 13 Schedule of Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act, 2014, it has been decided to set up this Institute.
Our five countries have complementary skills and strengths to promote use of renewable and solar energy.
Cultural Exchange Programme between the Governmepnt of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Seychelles for the years 2018-2022
For India, World War I was an important event.
Initiating joint projects in areas such as good agricultural practices, development of traceability capacities, and cooperation in laboratory activities, including testing and monitoring. c.
Our special programmes such as Make in India, Digital India and Start-Up India have caught the imagination of the world.
Gujarat has made a significant contribution in our nation’s history, especially during the freedom movement.
Let me now turn to energy efficiency.
The people of Assam are celebrating Magh Bihu.
I am told that an Indian radio-therapy machine is being installed at Bugando medical centre to treat cancer patients.
This is unique capability of the Indian society that we have been blessed with such god-like great men from time to time, who identified these evils and shown the path for liberation.
We regard thriving two-way trade and investment flows as the bedrock of a strong partnership.
To encourage participation in travel fairs/exhibitions in each other’s country and 9.
Efforts are already underway in these areas.
Humour brings happiness in our lives.
At the Millennium Summit held in 2000 at the UN Headquarters in New York, eight development goals known as the ‘Millennium Development Goals’ (MDGs) were adopted, which formed the blueprint for countries to pursue their national development strategies from 2000 to 2015.
Your Excellency, President Filipe Nyusi Ladies and Gentlemen,
This is the first time since Independence that an integrated Civil Aviation Policy has been brought out by the Ministry of Civil Aviation.
• incentivizing States/UTs for meeting the targets
Brothers and sisters, it requires money.
The Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Mission is being discussed around the world.
The month of Ramazan is celebrated with full reverence and respect throughout the world.
A classical particle cannot escape easily from inside a deep well.
For this, I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the members of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.
But, the reverse is also true.
PM paid glowing tributes to the martyr Nazir Ahmad Wani, who laid down his life fighting against the terrorists.
The Prime Minister will later visit the Pratap Gaurav Kendra in Udaipur.
The progress our nation has achieved since 2014 gives me confidence that nothing is impossible for 130 crore Indians.
Section 4(1) of the National Trust Act, 1999 provides that the Chairperson or a Member of the Board of National Trust would continue in office beyond the prescribed term of three years until his successor shall have been duly appointed.
The gems and jewellery sector employs 4.6 million people.
Brothers and Sisters, India and South Africa have much to benefit from a closer partnership.
His belief in Yuva Shakti was unwavering.
Mr. Bimalendra Nidhi briefed the Prime Minister about developments in Nepal.
(iii) The number of Independent Members in the Port Authority Board would be minimum two to maximum four.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region; Minister of State in the Prime Minister’s Office; Minister of State in the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions; Minister of State in the Department of Atomic Energy; and Minister of State in the Department of Space.
BRICS Business Council (14 October 2016, New Delhi; 15 October 2016, Goa) 79.
He announced “Gagan-Yaan” a manned space mission, to be undertaken by India by 2022, using its own capabilities.
Champalimaud Foundation has a tie-up with the Prasad Institute in Hyderabad.
He says that when he received this reward, it struck him that a poor old woman had lost all her belongings because of a fire that broke out in her house.
8. Both sides pledged that Myanmar and India will maintain the already-achieved mutual understanding and growing bilateral relations between the two countries and that they will stand by each other as good and trustworthy neighbours in the years ahead in the interest of both peoples and the region.
A lot yet remains to be done.
I had said it just like that, but today I can say with confidence that I am indeed very proud of you all.
Increased competition due to the GST will lead to moderation in prices.
Violence cannot provide a solution to any problem.
Prashant ji, the Government of India has already done that on social media and the Narendra Modi App, beginning that very day.
Therefore all banks will be closed to the public on 9th November.
But this also happens sometimes and if you analyse minutely the journey of your own life, you will realise that if you start running after marks, you will look for the shortest ways, and will identify a few selected things and focus on those only.
Let us remember the Champaran Satyagraha.
For the first time, the Union Budget will be presented on 1st February.
This would increase access to higher education and set exemplary standards for other Universities to emulate.
Venerable Monks, Excellencies and Friends,
He urged the start-up sector to look at ways through which innovation and technology can transform lives of Divyang sisters and brothers.
The two leaders exchanged views on the security environment in Afghanistan and the extended region, and, in this context, agreed to continue close coordination and cooperation.
Now we will have to focus on quality education.
We can’t even finish half of what is on our plates and then leave it uneaten.
We want to enhance ease of living for the people, the Prime Minister said.
It gives me great pleasure to welcome Prime Minister Pravind Jugnauth and his delegation to India.
Project will be implemented by Noida Metro Rail Corporation Limited, which will be a 50:50 jointly owned company of Govt. of India and Govt. of Uttar Pradesh.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister’s address on the occasion:
Customers too would benefit through wider offerings of financial services under one roof, and LIC being better positioned to expand life insurance coverage.
Some people cross all limits of decency and say and write things that inflict pain and hurt.
Hence, in such places they are very sensitive about water and are equally active in doing something to deal with the shortage of water.
Innovative business models and app-based start-ups have instilled a spirit of enterprise among Indians.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Norway on India-Norway Ocean Dialogue.
• A commitment to respect cultural and linguistic diversity;
In Tokyo, I will have a detailed interaction with top business leaders from India and Japan, to look for ways to further strengthen our trade and investment ties.
It was a tiny joint; there was only one person who would make & serve tea.
The success of each one of these depends on the success of the other two.
38. India and the EU reaffirmed their commitment to undertake mutual cooperation for reducing the cost of development and deployment of renewable energy projects through technology innovation, knowledge sharing, capacity building, trade and investment, and project establishment.
When combined with the previously known RED and GREEN LED, white light devices can be made that last a hundred thousand hours.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate The Delhi End TB Summit at VigyanBhawan in the capital tomorrow.
They also noted the benefits from a number of people-centric development cooperation projects being carried out with India’s assistance in Sri Lanka.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia’s unconditional support to India on the issue of cross border terrorism.
They appreciated the Prime Minister’s stand on the issue of Triple Talaq.
Dr Vijoo Rattansi, Chancellor of the University of Nairobi, Prof Peter Mbithi, Vice Chancellor of the University of Nairobi, Members of the University Senate, Distinguished professors, Dear Students,
Lord Buddha’s message is as relevant in the twenty first century as it was two and a half millennia ago.
It is heartening that we have had very active and fruitful engagement on all possible fronts.
Only then can we serve the energy needs of humanity in an optimal manner.
Bilateral trade between India and Thailand has more than doubled over the last decade.
The waste from our kitchens, be it vegetable peels, leftover food, egg shells or leaves are all part of liquid waste and are to be placed in green litter bins.
He will also visit the Museum on 1857- India’s first war of Independence and Drishyakala- Museum on Indian Art at Red Fort, New Delhi.
I told him clearly about India’s interests.
Creating a Connected World: by enabling free flow of goods, persons and services; and, 10.
The task of disaster risk management, particularly in rapidly growing economies, is so huge that formal institutions of the state can at best be instrumental in creating the enabling conditions.
42. Both sides noted positive exchanges on Internet Governance, on increasing the ease of doing business for ICT companies on both sides, as well as meetings between the Indian and European start-up ecosystems under a “Start-up Europe India Network”.
The Prime Minister said that if India wants to make a place for itself in global trade, it should have the best of arrangements in the port sector.
The people, through persistence, sweat and toil, have demonstrated to the world, an unparalleled example of citizen sacrifice, for the brighter future of a nation.
It provides a gas connection to a lady who has used woods for cooking food all her life.
I am not in public life to further a dynasty.
He assured them of the Government of India’s full support for making the Panchayati Raj model a success, and responsive to the people’s basic necessities and grievances.
Holding aloft the values of freedom, Prime Minister hoisted the National Flag at Red Fort, to commemorate the occasion.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even the sky is not the limit when it comes to regional cooperation among like-minded countries.
Activities allied to Agriculture (excluding crop loans, land improvement such as canals, irrigation, wells) and services supporting these, which promote livelihood or are income generating, have also been included under Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojanafrom April, 2016 onwards.
India and Afghanistan have friendly relations and the police personnel of Afghanistan National Police come regularly for training purposes in different training institutes of India.
Government of India has recently notified National Policy on Biofuels-2018 which focusses on giving impetus to R&D in field of advanced biofuels such as 2G Ethanol, Bio-CNG, biomethanol, Drop-in fuels, DME etc.
My dear Countrymen, a few days ago on 21st June, the whole world organised grand shows in observance of the anniversary of the International Day for Yoga.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and his Nepalese counterpart Mr. Sher Bahadur Deuba have agreed to have a detailed project report prepared at the earliest on the Saptkosi high dam project and Sunkosi storage cum diversion scheme, Both the nations have also agreed to enhance the co-ordination in the areas of water logging and flood control.
While NRHM was launched in April 2005, launch of NUHM was approved by the Cabinet on 1stMay 2013.
But still we have some people having the same Shalya mentality.
There are many who try to provide food to the hungry.
The decision also provides for interest subvention to National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development (NABARD) on additional refinance by NABARD to Cooperative Banks.
We reaffirm our commitment on increasing the effectiveness of the UN counter-terrorism framework, including in the areas of cooperation and coordination among the relevant UN entities, designation of terrorists and terrorist groups and technical assistance to Members States.
A recognition of the leading role for governments in cyber security matters relating to national security;
He commended their dedication towards education and for making it their life mantra.
Important projects related to housing and urban transportation will be unveiled during the Prime Minister’s visit to the State.
On the other hand, honest people have fought against this evil.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval for signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Directorate General of Mines Safety (DGMS), Ministry of Labour and Employment, Government of India and Department of Natural Resource Mines and Energy, Queensland Government, Australia through the Safety in Mines, Testing and Research Station (SIMTARS).
Post office staff, banking correspondents- all did exceptional work.
In this day and age, access to electricity and clean cooking solutions are basics that every person must be provided with.
It is called Bhoonga in Kutch.This house has faced three earthquakes.
In response, the Prime Minister said that our learning cannot be reduced to exams only.
0.87 lakh sqm with approx.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that the scale of development works being launched in Vadodara today is unprecedented.
He congratulated the people of India on the occasion, and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and progress, and deliver results quickly.
This success in the New Year will bring benefits of the country’s rapid strides in space technology to our citizens, farmers, fishermen etc.
Heartiest congratulations to these young players for this grand feat.
This time, after watching the Republic Day Parade, many people wrote on Twitter and other social media that a major highlight of the parade was the BSF biker contingent comprising women participants.
Distinguished members of the Russian and Indian delegations,
Keeping this in mind, the Union Government is making heavy investment in the power sector.
They emphasized that the global counter terrorism legal framework should be regularly updated to address the changing threat of terrorism with strength, and underscored that any measures taken to counter terrorism comply with international law.
With concerted efforts on both sides, there has been a series of steady and demonstrable achievements in our civil nuclear partnership, including advancing nuclear power projects at the Kudankulam site and transforming it into one of India’s largest energy hubs.
By making access to credit easier for MSMEs, ease of doing business is also being ensured.
We are happy to further deepen our exchanges in this domain.
Adoption of these holistic practices leads to increased health and wellness in individuals and in communities.
I firmly believe that the dream of our ‘New India’ will be realized through the skill & fortitude of these energetic youth.
Today’s event is a testimony to the resolve and range of our cooperative endeavours .
We call on all WTO members to abide by WTO rules and honour their commitments in the multilateral trading system.
Petrochemical complex, BPCL Kochi refinery is a Make in India initiative aimed at reducing dependence on imports.
Swachh Shakti-2019 is a national event which aims to bring in to focus the leadership role played by rural women in Swachh Bharat Mission.
The four National Highway projects for which foundation stone will be laid include:
For infrastructure projects to be viable, it is very important that the borrowing should be of long duration.
This grand achievement is a big boon for animals, birds, farmers, crops and villages.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana (PMKVY) with an outlay of Rs.12000 crore to impart skilling to one crore people over the next four years (2016-2020).
He also said that our Armed Forces conduct an average of ten big joint exercises with Armed Forces of friendly countries, every year.
Environment Sustainability; including deliberation of global initiatives;
Next year, we will celebrate the forty fifth (45th) anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations and tenth (10th) anniversary of establishment of the Strategic Partnership between our two countries.
The Prime Minister informed the collectors of the website www.newindia.in – which contains information and activities related to the ‘Sankalp Se Sidhhi’ movement.
15th February, 2017 is a day of immense pride for India.
In a message, the Prime Minister said that Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti is a symbol of the great spiritual traditions of India.
19. We express our support for continued cooperation of BRICS members in areas of mutual interest including through regular exchanges amongst their multilateral Missions.
The defence corridor will also help in making India self-reliant in defence production, he added.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
Panchayats are effective ways to fulfil aspirations of people in rural India.
In this context he mentioned his interaction with various global leaders who can even sing Indian songs.
Take away all my riches
Affordable medicines are now available at ‘Amrit Stores’ at Pradhan Mantri Bharatiya Jan Aushadhi Centres & at hospitals.
The Cabinet noted that:
Depression can be the root cause of many mental and physical ailments.
College teachers with background in research can be connected to the neighbouring universities and R&D institutions.
[India and Russia-together to a bright future.]
Increasing current account deficit and higher fiscal deficit were threateningthe macro-economic stability of the country.
In recognising the importance of increased value-added trade amongst BRICS countries, we commend the Ministers of Trade for reconvening CGETI’s Trade Promotion Working Group as well as the BRICS E-Commerce Working Group.
There have been public demands from various quarters in Gujarat, especially from Kachhh district, to rename ‘Kandla Port’ as ‘Deendayal Port, Kandla’.
A Mahatma Gandhi Museum was inaugurated at Alfred High School, Rajkot in 2018.
The assets to be created under the new scheme of NESIDS will not only strengthen health care and education facilities in the region but will also encourage tourism thereby the employment opportunities for local youth.
I feel very bad.
He said that the inauguration of the LNG terminal is the highlight of today’s programme.
This is the true path to free individuals, families, societies, nations and the world at large from the three poisons of greed, hatred and ignorance.
He will also lay the foundation stone of Rajkot-Kanalus Railway Line doubling project.
He will inaugurate a Health and Wellness Centre, which will mark the launch of the Union Government’s ambitious Health Assurance Programme – Ayushman Bharat.
The Prime Minister added that it adversely affects the poor and the neo-middle class people.
The MoU provides for cooperation in the following fields of agriculture and Fisheries:
He will launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of development works at the district level.
PM will later address the gathering.
The Prime Minister said, “Another tournament, another medal!
The experts made a special mention of India’s competitive ranking from the upstream investment point of view which has gone up from 56 to 44.
With a number of skill development initiatives already underway, our partnership now extends to this crucial area of our priority.
This project is scheduled for completion by March 2021.
TCIL being a foreign entity needs to form a C Corporation which is recognized as a separate tax paying entity.
He said this would result in increased demand of handicrafts, and also boost the tourism potential of Varanasi, and indeed the economy of the city.
Center will also provide all possible assistance to the state for early restoration of the power infrastructure affected by the flood.
For me personally, this visit is an opportunity to pay homage to two of the greatest human souls to have ever walked this Earth – Mahatma Gandhi and Nelson Mandela.
I firmly believe that Buddhism’s message of peace is the answer to growing arc of violence all over the world.
In the Rabi season of 2016-17, wheat production per acre increased three to four times and their income also increased by four to six thousand rupees per acre.
This is very, very special in itself.
She was born in Ireland as Margret Elizabeth Noble but Swami Vivekanand gave her the name NIVEDITA.
• Revenue sharing model instead of profit sharing to reduce the scope for disputes
India and Russia signed five agreements today in sectors covering nuclear energy, railways, gems and jewellery, traditional knowledge and cultural exchanges.
We support the importance of stimulating infrastructure investment on the basis of mutual benefit to support industrial development, job-creation, skills development, food and nutrition security and poverty eradication and sustainable development in Africa.
Final lists for both will be submitted by India at the time of submission of instrument of ratification.
The city of Ahmedabad will greet Mrs. and Mr. Netanyahu with a reception, as they proceed to Sabarmati Ashram from Ahmedabad Airport.
The event is being organized at Kutch, Gujarat.
The MoU will be signed during the visit of President of Uzbekistan to India on 1st October 2018.
The Prime Minister suggested that special teams be set up for repair of damaged roads, restoration of power infrastructure, and for health related assistance.
Shri Narendra Modi indicated that the 28% slab of GST would soon, only be restricted to a few select items, such as luxury goods.
He had said that joining Congress is like committing suicide.
The Master Plan envisages freeing up adequate space through redevelopment, vertical expansion and reorganizing the land usage, thus optimizing the infrastructure of the Institute for the next 20 years.
But if we are aware, alert and active, the prevention is also very easy.
It is very natural for every countryman to have a deep sense of respect for these two bravehearts, our Matri Shakti.
And we will have to take it forward.
His family will not be destroyed.
The Prime Minister gave the examples of many leaders in the country today, who have risen to high positions from extremely humble backgrounds.
NCC camps teach every youngster about the different cultures of India, he said.
57 Teams of NDRF involving about 1300 personnel and 435 Boats are deployed for search and rescue operations.
i. Both countries shall be entitled to designate one or more airline.
We have also launched a massive campaign to ensure that our farmers convert agricultural waste to valuable nutrients, instead of burning them.
All of us know that in a few days time, the world’s largest sports event, the biggest sports carnival will take place.
He will attend a function in Navi Mumbai, to mark the ground breaking ceremony of the Navi Mumbai International Airport.
You must have seen that there was a time when tension prevailed between the Centre and the States for Urea and Kerosene.
The students worked on innovative concepts for exploring development of new prototypes in five sectors; healthcare, space technology, clean technology, agri-technology and smart mobility.
Other parts of the body too require physical activity.
But asking anyone to sit in a particular posture holding their nostrils for getting relaxed will have its impact and he will follow you.
This proves that cleanliness suffers from no barriers of age; there are no boundaries.
So, before I can consider financial markets to be fully successful, they have to meet three challenges.
Thirdly, there is another group of letter writers, also existing in large numbers.
You have urged one and all to retain and keep aside some water for birds & animals, during summer time.
I humbly bow to them because they have compelled political leaders to think of coming up with something new.
On the disease control front, we are providing technical and financial support to states.
This is a big number.
Centre has started Mudra Scheme so that the youth do not have to face the problem of capital for staring their own enterprise.
In the future, our projects will only be according to the needs and priorities of Myanmar.
In 2014, the Reserve Bank sent a recommendation for issue of five thousand and ten thousand rupee notes.
The event will also feature poetic tributes to Baba Banda Singh Bahadurji.
He said that he was glad that local body election was held after so many years in the state.
Ahead of the Republic Day, PM visit to these museums is a tribute to the memory of brave freedom fighters who laid down their lives for the nation.
Today we have identified specific methods to enhance our commercial engagement.
The power of the vote is the greatest strength of a democracy.
He said the Indian Armed Forces rank among the best in the world on parameters such as discipline and conduct.
Kerala has been a torch-bearer and inspiration to the whole nation in the field of literacy.
It was agreed that the Strategic Partnership Council headed by the External Affairs Minister of India and the Foreign Minister of Afghanistan will meet shortly, review the recommendations of the four Joint Working Groups dealing with diverse areas of cooperation and impart further guidance.
If we talk of Assam alone, 86% of the population lives in rural areas.
The Foundation represents multiple synergies between India and Portugal.
Friends, very few regions of the world have such intensive historical interfaces as this region has.
Mawlyynong village in Meghalaya, the cleanest village, and the entire state of Sikkim, including Gangtok, have become major tourist attractions.
The Prime Minister will later leave for Mysuru, Karnataka.
Several CEOs showed their willingness to be partners in skill development and education initiatives.
Can we digest this?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will meet the athletes who shall be representing India at the forthcoming Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
I salute all those great individuals who sacrificed their lives while serving the nation.
He attended a short cultural programme by the Officer Trainees.
It measures over 2.8 meters and weighs over 800 kg.
Government of India (GoI) provides counter guarantee and interest equalization support of 2% to the EXIM Bank.
It will lead to promotion and propagation of Traditional Systems of Medicines of India in Colombia.
During your speech at the Executive you used seven words begining with letter ‘S’– ‘Sevabhaav’ (service), ‘Santulan’ (balance), ‘Sanyam’ (restraint), ‘Samvaad’ (dialogue), ‘Samanvay’ (coordination), ‘Sakaratmak’ (positivity) and ‘Samvedna’ (sensitivity).
Accession to such treaty will provide actionable alternatives against such prevailing practices that are affecting public health at large.
The decision to celebrate Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas (PBD) was taken by the former Indian Prime Minister, late Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Brothers and Sisters, we have to take the country to new heights.
The grid is part of Government’s plan to provide cheap and quality gas to the entire North East Region.
We stress the importance and urgency of conducting a successful and ambitious first replenishment process of the Green Climate Fund.
A thousand years ago, he launched an agitation allowing their entry into temples and succeeded in facilitating the same.
And, today, the beauty of Hindi, Tamil, Gujarati, Urdu and Telugu continues to enrich the fabric of South African society.
I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
Background : Equity & Inclusiveness
The US Attorney General Loretta Lynch said that the process had begun for returning as many as 200 artefacts to India, with 12 having been returned so far.
69. We welcome and congratulate Governor LesetjaKganyago of the South African Reserve Bank on his appointment as the Chair of the International Monetary and Financial Committee.
He said today technology has converted citizens to netizens, and traditional boundaries are being obliterated.
Similarly, the allocations for North Eastern States will also continue.
Creation of two posts of Registrar, one in each IISER in Level 14 of 7lh CPC has also been approved by the Cabinet.
4. Regulation of Pharmaceuticals,vaccines and medical devices;
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved the launching of National Mission on Interdisciplinary Cyber-Physical Systems (NM-ICPS) to be implemented by Department of Science &Technology at a total outlay of Rs. 3660 crore for a period of five years.
The direct beneficiaries in terms of numbers would be about 12880 students.
This exchange is part of the International Financial Services Centre, – IFSC – at Gift city.
For North-Eastern States, Jammu & Kashmir and the Special Category States, the funding pattern is 90:10.
Since all the schemes have come on track and the plans have gained momentum we are thinking of reducing the deadline so that the work gets completed as early as possible.
Like India, several other countries had strong reservations on this issue due to the lack of clarity.
Mr. President, I am aware that your government has laid great emphasis on the use of solar energy in daily life.
Addressing a programme to mark National Youth Day and Sarva Dharma Sabha at Belagavi, Karnataka, the Prime Minister said that Swami Vivekananda emphasised on brotherhood.
This is helping the poorest of the poor.
In Bagan, he will visit the holy and historic Ananda Temple, where restoration work is being carried out by Indian and Myanmar archaeologists under the expert guidance of the Archaeological Survey of India.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister paid homage to the brave freedom fighters, especially the women freedom fighters of Manipur.
All essential commodities were provided to citizens.
For one’s own salvation and for the welfare of the world.
The Prime Minister encouraged them to share their experiences of field training.
With the country’s impressive economic growth over the years and enhanced international political profile, it was considered appropriate that India should expand its presence on the global developmental landscape beyond its association with the Multi-lateral Development Banks (MDBs) such as the World Bank, Asian Development Bank and African Development Bank.
The people of the state have left an indelible mark in the path of development of the nation by reaching the pinnacle of distinction in various fields.
i) Capacity building of health staff; ii) Prevention and control of communicable diseases; iii) Physiotherapy and rehabilitation; iv) Drugs, pharmaceuticals and Medical Equipments; and v) Any other area of mutual interest.
The line connects Botanical Garden in Noida with Kalkaji Mandir in Delhi.
Presently, the Chairperson and four Members are in position.
Start-up programmes have mushroomed in Tier II and Tier III cities.
May the Triple Gem of Buddha, Dhamma and Sangha bless us all.
Some of the strengths of the envisaged amalgamated entity are-
He will also release the Innovation and Start-Up Policy for A&N Islands.
At the launch ceremony, the Prime Minister and other dignitaries’ poured soil and Narmada water into a Kalash to mark the dedication of the ‘Statue of Unity’ to the nation.
The Prime Minister said that India-Bangladesh relations have been on an upward trajectory in the last few years.
I believe that the results of this move are going to be seen in the near future.
They discussed the shared commitment to strengthen bilateral engagement and the many opportunities in this regard.
Memorandum of Understanding on Cooperation between Myanmar Press Council and the Press Council of India
One of the most striking features of this movement was that the sentiments which appeared in the minds of the people were altogether different from Gandhi ji’s thoughts, contemplation and ethics.
These projects, even if viable and sound, have huge funding requirements and borrowing by the State Governments for such projects may exhaust their respective borrowing limits.
On this occasion Kalam Saheb had recited a poem dedicated to revered Swamiji.
In different games, our athletes have made the country proud.
He always continued to inspire more than 1.25 billion citizens for achieving this goal.
Members expressed hope that this would accelerate the development process in the State, and enable the people of the State to take benefit from various Central Government schemes.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working with a holistic approach keeping in mind the aspirations of the poor, lower-middle and middle classes.
In this month of August, we have to come together and resolve: Filth – Quit India; Poverty – Quit India; Corruption – Quit India; Terrorism – Quit India; Casteism – Quit India; Communalism – Quit India!
He will also lay the Foundation Stone for the ATF Hydrotreating Unit (INDJET) at Barauni Refinery.
With these words, Excellency, let me welcome you once again to India, and wish you a fruitful and productive stay.
Grants by the Central Govt.: The Central Govt. may, after due appropriation made by Parliament by law in this behalf, make to the Authority grants of such sums of money as the Central Government may think fit for being utilized for the purposes of the Authority.
The international exposure which our youth will be able to get from Gift city will ensure that more and more of them will be able to join this important field.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated a Pumping Station at Bhachau.
He called Tagore’s teachings timeless and said that the world stands to learn a great deal from his works.
The Scheduled Areas were first notified in the year 1950.
We have launched the MUDRA scheme to provide easy finance of upto one million rupees to entrepreneurs.
Natural Gas is fast becoming one of the largest fuels in the global energy mix.
In a befitting reply to those who made a mockery of PM’s announcement of Swachta Abhiyan from the Red Fort, he said that today due to extensive sanitation drive, 97% population has access to clean toilets now.
a. Faster and accurate outcomes for taxpayer.
The person suffering from depression too doesn’t speak out himself as he feels a sense of shame about it.
He complimented the community for keeping Indian traditions alive over generations.
However, today the issue of ‘Red Carpet’ is being discussed.
Both countries maintain a long tradition of friendly and cordial relations which has been manifested in the several bilateral visits of dignitaries from both sides during recent years.
The RashtriyaKamdhenuAayogwill work in collaboration with Veterinary, Animal Sciences or Agriculture University or departments or organizations of the Central/State Government engaged in the task of research in the field of breeding and rearing of cow, organic manure, biogas etc.
He said that Ayushman Bharat scheme rolled out by the Union Government will ensure affordable and quality healthcare for the poor.
Taking forward the vision of the Honourable Prime Minister for a New India, the Textile Conclave will have participation from industry captains, Government leaders, policy makers and think tanks to deliberate, discuss and arrive at a way forward to sustain the growth of textile industry in India, and to support the initiative of creating a New India.
Each country has its own experiences, its own resources and its own strengths.
Friends, our country is going to complete 75 years of its independence in 2022.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of the National Heritage City Development and Augmentation Yojana (HRIDAY), and the Sugamya Bharat Abhiyan (Accessible India Campaign) for the Divyang.
It is a carefully thought out approach to ensure achievement of universal health coverage for our country.
The Indian economy is being strengthened and India is also strengthening the global economy
A gas based ecosystem will create employment opportunities for the youth in the area.”
This programme is being attended by representatives from South Asia, Southeast Asia and all the East Asian countries.
Similarly, you may be interested to know that India’s drive towards its destiny is also fuelled by India’s 800 million youth.
Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI)” is a statutory body established an Act of Parliament of India, i.e The Company Secretaries Act, 1980 (Act No. 56 of 1980), to develop and regulate the profession of Company Secretaries in India.
These guidelines provide a broad framework for expeditious completion of various processes and procedures for closure of CPSEs by laying down important milestones in the closure process along with timelines, outlining the responsibilities of the concerned Ministries/ Departments/ CPSE, etc., in the process.
ImTeCHO stands for “Innovative mobile-phone Technology for Community Health Operations”.
Yet, for many, the day still begins with a cup of tea or coffee in one hand, and a newspaper in the other.
We urge developed countries to honour their Official Development Assistance (ODA) commitments fully in time and to provide additional development resources to developing countries.
The entire gamut of bilateral relations including important global and regional issues of mutual interest was discussed during the talks.
People were forced by circumstances, in defiance of their inherent goodness.
He explained how the Union Government began with the Jan Dhan Yojana, under which 34 crore bank accounts have been opened.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Tamil Nadu.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his warm regards to H. E. Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad, Prime Minister of Malaysia.
And this is a salient feature of our society… relentless efforts towards self-improvement, self correction.
These days technology has changed so much that if people get together and form a group and if they decide to misuse technology, then who knows in which direction they might take forward this survey.”
vi) As per new provision, each side shall be entitled to operate a maximum of 7 frequencies per week in each direction on the routes specified in the Route Schedule.
For this, he emphasized on use of space technology in addition to the technologies already being used, such as the “Meri Sadak” App.
15 Indian Institutes of Information Technology (IIITs) declared as Institutes of National Importance
The Cabinet had, in July, 2012 approved the M-SIPS to provide a special incentive package to promote large scale manufacturing in the Electronic System Design and Manufacturing (ESDM) sector.
“India is delighted and proud of athlete Hima Das, who won a historic Gold in the 400m of World U20 Championships.
8.Underscored the increasing importance of diversifying the economic exchanges to promote trade and investment to a level corresponding to their true potential.
That is why their leaders go to London and do press conferences to show India in bad light.
All of them showed enthusiasm by personally speaking out their minds to me.
• A transformation in mindset cannot happen without transformative ideas.
He appreciated the participation of cities in the challenge route.
2. We remember Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Patel, Pandit Nehru, countless people who sacrificed their lives so that we attained Swarajya.
Without your contribution and cooperation, this journey of Mann Ki Baat would have been incomplete.
The eleven regional language websites can be accessed at the following links:
The Ministry of Rural Development plays a pivotal role in the overall development strategy of rural areas of the country.
Millions and millions of people from India and around the world congregate at one place.
Yoga has the potential to herald in a new Yuga (a new era) – a Yuga of peace, compassion, brotherhood and all-round progress of the human race.
It would enable sharing of credit ratings amongst the BRICS member banks, based on the request received from another bank.
Today, we are the fastest growing economy in the world.
44 acres) is owned by AAI.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed Company Secretaries at the inauguration of the Golden Jubilee Year of ICSI – the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
The main objective of the National Health Policy 2017 is to achieve the highest possible level of good health and well-being, through a preventive and promotive health care orientation in all developmental policies, and to achieve universal access to good quality health care services without anyone having to face financial hardship as a consequence.
He said that IPPB will also facilitate digital transactions, and help deliver the benefits of schemes such as Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, which provide assistance to farmers.
He also mentioned the various steps that have been taken by the Union Government to curb black money.
In this context, he also mentioned innovations being done by defence personnel.
Rajat Agarwal has told us something good.
Lokmanya Tilak ji gave us the inspirational mantra – “Swaraj, that is, freedom is our birthright.”
The Prime Minister of India welcomed the expanding opportunities for Indian companies to invest in the Maldives in different sectors for the mutual benefit of both countries.
He mentioned that there is a healthy competition among States as far as the Swachh Bharat Mission is concerned.
The establishment of a unified financial regulator for IFSCs will result in providing world-class regulatory environment to market participants from an ease of doing business perspective.
RanjitSagar Dam was commissioned in Aug, 2000.
I am also thankful to the President for Switzerland’s understanding and support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
I carry their greetings and warm wishes of friendship with me to this House and for all the people of Uganda.
Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim, Member of the Malaysian Parliament, and Leader of the Parti Keadilan Rakyat Party of Malaysia, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
This aims to channel investments from both domestic and international sources into infrastructure.
The Prime Minister complimented the legal fraternity for giving strength to Alternative Dispute Resolution mechanisms.
Every Government in our country has laid stress on education and every Government has made efforts for it in its own way.
The CDSCO is a Subordinate Office of the Directorate General of Health Services, which is an attached office of the Department of Health and Family Welfare and is the National Regulatory Authority for drugs, medical devices and cosmetics in India.
The main objectives of the Memorandum of Understanding include:
But then, Better late than Never.
We want enterprises to flourish, businesses to grow and the country to rise.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the MoU signed on July 08, 2016 between India and South Africa for promoting bilateral cooperation in the field of Information and Communication Technologies (ICT).
The setting up of new units at Sindri, Gorakhpur and Barauni will meet the growing demand of urea of Bihar, West Bengal and Jharkhand.
He welcomed the contribution of Indian professionals in the US, including in the State of Kentucky.
In our country there is an innate respect for the military and the security forces.
It powers our journey within self.
I firmly believe that the sheer grit and courage of the people of the state will see Kerala rise again.
The President and I agreed on the importance of stimulating research on our historical linkages.
The Soundarya Lahari is a set of shlokas composed by Adi Shankaracharya.
Not just for Kenya and India but for Africa, and other regions.
• Both Leaders reiterated support for the ongoing reform of the United Nations and its principal organs, including the Security Council, with a view to making the United Nations more democratic, transparent and efficient so that it can deal more effectively with the myriad challenges of today’s world.
It will create new employment opportunities, help in overall economic growth and will be complementary in raising the income of the farmers.
Shree Anant Narayan Nanda, Secretary (Post)
Excellency Netanyahu,
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, handed over the tricolour flag to Arunima Sinha, marking the beginning of her expedition to Mount Vinson, Antarctica.
16.Pledged to continue promoting the shared goals of nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation as solutions with multilateral perspective, as well as to continue promoting cooperation on international security issues.
The approval comes in the wake of alternative complaint redressal mechanisms chosen by public and the institution of Ombudsman could not prove to be more effective than regular existing parallel channels of grievance redressal, both the institutions of Income-Tax Ombudsman as well as Indirect Tax Ombudsman have been abolished.
We believe that free flow of trade, investments, technology, and ideas across our borders will be to our mutual benefit.
There is also a meeting with Bharatwallah Alumni Association during the visit.
May Yoga be of benefit to one and all.
But, there is potential to achieve much more.
India and the EU also recognised the role being played by Bangladesh in extending humanitarian assistance to the people in need.
The economic and social benefits of metro rail systems are well-known.
Language should not be a barrier but a facilitator in this task.
Terms of References of the JWG:
We have shaped an ambitious roadmap of engagement to make our comprehensive strategic partnership purposeful and action oriented.
May his soul rest in peace.
Government is being criticized not for any mishandling of the NSG issue but because we were so successful over there (in the USA)
This cleanliness drive in Sabrimala and the contribution of Punyan Poonkavanam in this are so immense that each devotee contributes and participates in it.
Water collected in these tanks remained pure.
The person who had several opportunities in life, there were avenues if he had gone to the banking sector.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that infrastructure is developed keeping in mind futuristic requirements.
Enhanced Tax incentive would attract large scale investments in the sector and reform in labour law in view of seasonal nature of the sector will support economies of scale.
India has always supported global efforts to counter drug trafficking and is party to several multilateral and bilateral initiatives in this regard as also United Nations (UN) led initiatives.
Other major religions, including Buddhism, also bind us closely.
I am happy to learn that His Excellency Prime MinisterWickeremesinghewill be visiting India in early August.
Now listen to this phone call, which I have received: –
However, when a person, even if he is in an AC room, comes to know that 3 poor families are being served with his tax money, it is highly satisfying for his soul.
I am glad to see that a number of Government Departments and State Governments are deploying technology to improve governance and deliver services.
He said from the days of 2013-14, when India was beset with problems such as runaway inflation, high fiscal deficit and policy paralysis, change is clearly visible today.
Under this MoU, the Parties will cooperate in the following forms:
In the dictionary, the etymology of the word ‘juggernaut’ traces its roots to the chariot of Lord Jagannath.
The agreement will help establish air connectivity between the two countries.
Let me tell Anagha, Jayesh & other children that these letters enliven me up after a hard day’s work.
Looking forward to working with her for stronger India-UK ties.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratification of the Bilateral Investment Treaty (BIT) between the India and Belarus on Investments.
• To spur business growth and contribute to the development of a vibrant creative economy and cultural landscape.
The Prime Minister emphasized the need for improving efficiency, and fixing accountability at all levels to bring about a visible change in the situation at the earliest.
Prime Minister Modi inspected a ceremonial Guard of Honour.
This MoU shall enable the areas of cooperation such as, space science, technology and applications including remote sensing of the earth; satellite communication and satellite based navigation; space science and planetary exploration; use of spacecraft and space systems and ground system; and application of space technology.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway, road, power, and renewable energy sectors, spread over several states including Uttarakhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Nagaland, Assam, Maharashtra, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
There must’ve been hardly any part of India, which did not produce someone who contributed in the long freedom struggle,that spanned centuries.
A programme of technical cooperation will help in improving the regulatory environment.
This is an increase of close to 30 percent.
These questions concern not a single individual or a group but all of us and the 1.25 crore people of the country.
Complimenting the State Government for the launch of Mission Bhagiratha to provide drinking water to the people of the State, the Prime Minister said that whenever the State Chief Minister Shri K. Chandrasekar Rao has met him, he has spoken about the State’s development and water related issues.
In this way genuiness of import contract can be easily ensured as well as many litigation matter resulting in delay in the import can be avoided.
The two leaders reviewed the progress in bilateral relations since their last meeting in February 2016, when Prime Minister Sipila had visited India to participate in the Make in India Week in Mumbai.
Left Wing Extremism, Maoism have been bleeding the country.
He said more than 13,000 hospitals across the country have joined the scheme so far.
In connection with the above fund, the Union Cabinet also accorded its approval to the following:
I am talking about Hima Das.
This is what begets new Science, new technology.
He was addressing a public gathering today before flagging off Vande Bharat Express between New Delhi and Varansi from New Delhi Railway Station.
He said the world is acknowledging India’s technological capability, including its space programme.
In line with our traditional ethos of protecting environment, Government of India has taken several initiatives to address climate change concerns under the leadership of Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi and these initiatives reflect India’s commitment towards climate action.
(iv)CRZ Clearances streamlined: The procedure for CRZ clearances has been streamlined.
We cannot deny the fact that the security forces have suffered a lot of injuries; that they have been the target of planned attacks.
It is our endeavour to see that these petrochemicals are manufactured in India itself.”
He found that there were many ways to the divine, but followed with devotion, they all lead to one goal.
Price rise and Congress are a team.
He said about 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakhs every year.
We have started off with the cleanliness campaign.
Alongwith the tools of technology we also need a complete change of mind-set while dealing with business.
Studies are definitely useful for testing our own mettle; to know where I stood yesterday and where I stand today.
13 States have completed the process of amending the APMC Act.
You must also have been impressed by Rabindra Sangeet and his poems.
India also performed very well in the Para Asian Games too.
Speaking on the occasion, he said he is happy to be a part of this timeless journey.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing Memorandum of Understanding between India and Saudi Arabia on establishing a mechanism for investment Infrastructure in Indian.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for ratification of the two fundamental conventions of the International Labour Organization namely, Minimum Age Convention (No 138) concerning minimum age for admission to employment and the Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention (No 182) concerning the prohibition and immediate action for elimination of the worst forms of Child Labour.
One should be saddened to witness any wrong taking place in the country.
India and the Kyrgyz Republic will be marking the 25th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic ties between the two countries in March 2017.
Everyone including great personalities like Dr. Martin Luther King and Nelson Mandela derived strength from Gandhiji’s ideology to be able to fight a long battle to ensure right of equality and dignity for the people.
This is the strength of science and this is the strength that the mind of a scientist possesses.
Development of vital infrastructure in both Andaman and Nicobar islands, as well as in Lakshadweep was discussed.
PM said, “It will ensure the supply of gas to the local industries and to the revived Barauni Fertilizer factory besides the start of piped gas supply in Patna.
Affordable, accessible, inclusive and safe mobility solutions are primary strategic levers for rapid economic development and improving ‘Ease of Living’.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the dedication and commitment of all the teachers, on Teachers’ Day.
We have asked all states across the country to mark such villages.
He mentioned the roll-out of GST, auctioning of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development, among others.
This will further boost domestic demand, create more opportunities for Indian business and drive job creation.
Health-care and education outcomes have been improving.
The two leaders agreed to push forward bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner by taking advantage of complementarities between their two economies.
There was a time when North East felt distant from Delhi but within last four years we have succeeded to get Delhi to the threshold of North East.
The requiredskills and the local employment will also receive a boost.
As we approach the seventieth (70th) anniversary of the establishment of our diplomatic ties next year, India and Russia are celebrating and building on the achievements of our past.
One of the main reasons for being afflicted with such diseases at a young age is the lack of physical activity in our lifestyle and the changes in our eating habits.
Thank you very much.
In India, I perceive three different themes in the observation of International Day of Yoga.
India does not lack sporting talent, the Prime Minister asserted.
ARNAB: Mr. Modi, I want to start now on the issue of foreign policy.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event to mark the Centenary Celebrations of Karnatak Lingayat Education Society, at Belagavi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, and German Chancellor Angela Merkel today co-chaired the 4th India Germany Inter-Govermental Consultations in Berlin.
11. Reiterate commitment and promote comprehensive approach to combat terrorism through close cooperation by disrupting and countering terrorists, terrorist groups and networks, including by countering cross border movement of terrorists and foreign terrorist fighters and misuse of Internet including social media by terror entities; strengthen cooperation to stop terrorism financing efforts, and prevent recruitment of members of terrorist groups; support efforts in targeting terrorist groups and sanctuaries; and take further urgent measures to counter and prevent the spread of terrorism, while stressing that there can be no justification for acts of terror on any grounds whatsoever.
I look forward to building a forward looking vision for our partnership with the new Administration in the United States under President Trump.
You can imagine what kind of comfort these basic facilities, these basic facilities of infrastructure will provide.
The divine fragrance of Buddhism spread from India to all corners of the globe.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
This effort is not just for Laxman, or his memory, the Prime Minister said, adding that a small part of Laxman, lives within crores of people.
Defence production Joint Ventures for the production of Kamov 226 helicopters and frigates were also mentioned.
The railways have undertaken a major expansion in the region at a cost of around Rs 10,000 crore.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired a high-level meeting to review progress with regard to “Ease of Doing Business.”
India is supporting the National Coast Guard of Mauritius in augmenting its capacity through Project Trident.
Stating that faith in Jan Shakti will give good results, he called upon the Members to understand and appreciate the inherent strength of our people, and take India to newer heights.
Thank you guys for having me over.
My dear fellow citizens, Namaskar!
-This data reflects the broad base of financing in the country.
And for this, in the weeks ahead, we will undertake extensive consultations with all stakeholders, including both Indian and Foreign companies, about our Defence Production and Defence Procurement policy space.
Under Ujjawala Yojana, he said, Government has provided 1 Crore Free Gas connections in Uttar Pradesh alone.
5.Look forward to the results of the Sixth Meeting of the Joint Committee on Science and Technology, and the Fourth Meeting of the High Level Group on Trade, Investment and Cooperation, which will be held in Mexico during the second half of 2016.
The Prime Minister extended greetings to the participants and their families on the occasion of Deepawali, the Festival of Light.
Things change on ground first, but reflect in rankings after a time lag.
India and Bangladesh have expressed interest to cooperate with each other in the area of space.
The results are obvious .
He said the bridge whose foundation stone has been laid, is a means to reconnect with our ancient heritage.
This partnership was further elevated to the level of a Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership on 21 December 2010.
Oneness with our families, with the society we live in, with fellow humans, with all the birds, animals and trees with whom we share our beautiful planet…this is Yoga.
And therefore my opinion is that exams are like a festival and, hence, must be celebrated.
“At 11 AM tomorrow, I will inaugurate the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre at 15 Janpath, Delhi.
More than being a cure to ailments, it is a means to wellness.
If teachers, parents and even senior students all combine to form a team, a unit with a common thinking, and in a planned way move forward, then exams become a lot easier.
At a time when separatist forces are raising their ugly heads this has been India’s great contribution to the world..
Wishing you all on Poila Boishakh & praying for a wonderful year ahead.
And, language is much more than a tool for communication.
My countrymen, I am agitated so that a poor person can get an appropriate health cover.
The poor suffer the most from the filth.
Come let us move ahead while loving nature in such a pleasant atmosphere.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his twenty-third interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
I pray that those injured in the bus accident in J&K recover soon.”, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister will arrive at Pakyong Airport, where he will be briefed about the airport and terminal building.
As a brotherly nation, India will be happy to share its experience in policy reforms and setting up ground level agencies.
The country would have believed that their Prime Minister is working even if I had held a meeting with 11 of them together for around 10 minutes.
Doubling will increase line capacity of this important route connecting Bengaluru to Hubballi, Belagavi, Goa, Pune and Mumbai, resulting in faster movement of trains.
Presently, Convention 138 has been ratified by 169 countries and Convention 182 has been ratified by 180 countries.
He recalled his meeting with Moshe Holtzberg, survivor of the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks, earlier in the day.
Creating an enabling environment for business, and attracting investments, is my top priority.
At present there is no ASA between India and Greece.
By the press of button, PM will unveil plaques to:
Let us hope we all are successful, then the country will surely succeed.
The resources raised would be used for developing additional capacity in renewable energy sector which would result in generation of additional employment.
Budget under MNREGA is also utilized for this water conservation activity.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will interact with over 100 MUDRA beneficiaries from across the country at a function in the capital tomorrow.
There is one great speciality of our country — the Kumbh Mela.
“Saddened on the demise of LS MP and former Union Minister Shri Sultan Ahmed.
With festivals comes a spirit of togetherness.
Over 110 Officer Trainees of the 2016 batch of the Indian Police Service, today called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
The Prime Minister said, “Greetings on National Voters Day.
To some extent, the low contribution of taxes may also be due to the structure of our tax laws.
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
Cooperation between India and Russia spans across the whole gamut of sectors and rests on the fundamental pillars of political and strategic cooperation, military and security cooperation, cooperation in the spheres of economy, energy, industry, science and technology, and cultural and humanitarian cooperation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi would be visiting Vietnam from 2nd September 2016 to 3rd September 2016.
With our brothers and sisters in Africa, we have further strengthened our ties in the last couple of years.
Stressing on the importance of technology, Prime Minister urged the police forces to adopt technology and innovation in their daily discharge of duties.
There used to be a lot of expenditure on operations and stents.
But we have reduced our democracy to mere ballot boxes.
MGISC has been a 4-day international conference that has brought together Sanitation Ministers and other leaders in WASH (water, sanitation and hygiene) from around the world.
The Kochi metro integrates the city’s entire public transportation network into a single system.
I understand that Kenya would like to replicate the Indian experience in Medicare and become a medical hub in the region.
It would be an opportunity to articulate India’s point of view on regional security issues and maintenance of peace and stability in the region.
As a matter of fact, in my opinion, three things are crucial – proper rest, the other is the requisite amount of sleep, the third is the body, which is a major component, way beyond mental activity.
5. To recognize that tourism is a means to foster relationship between peoples of the two countries.
Look how far we have come from 3, 3.5 or 3.75 crore to 6.75 crore.
Dada Vaswani thanked the Prime Minister, and described him as one of the greatest leaders of the world today.
The main objectives of the Memorandum of Understanding are:
Our trade synergies with Europe and South East Asia through the Spice Route are well known.
Till 2015, more than half of Indian women did not have access to clean fuel for cooking.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and Make in India.
The Prime Minister was given a presentation on the vision for holistic development, which involved inputs from the NITI Aayog, the Ministry of Home Affairs, and other senior officials.
In order to realize the dream of modern India, to enhance Ease of Living of the common man and to ensure stability in development, India requires Next Generation Infrastructure.
Lupita Nyongo of Kenyan origin is the first African to have won an Oscar award.
The MoU was signed on 1st November 2018.
But, one thing is right that this movement should be encouraged and it would definitely be better if cleaning tonnes of waste are cleaned and and given as presents in place of other gifts.
The partnership is expected to bring together Toyota’s global leadership in technology and manufacturing, with Suzuki’s strength in manufacture of small cars, especially in India.
He said that we feel proud that global community joined us in compilation of Bapu’s favourite bhajan, Vaishnava jan.
It is technology which is bridging the gap between the haves and have-nots in our country.
The event also highlighted the role of the LSE as a financial organisation that can play a key role in furthering ISA’s objectives towards mobilisation of investment of over US$1,000 billion into solar energy by 2030 in target ISA countries.
The Swachhata Hi Seva movement, launched today, aims at generating greater public participation towards Swachhta.
Make in India has already created a strong impact.
Our perspective on innovation may be varied by but we both rely on it to add wealth and value to our societies.
These are just a few examples of the direction in which we are going.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Indian community in Korea.
With a commitment of £120 million from each side, the GGEF is expected to raise up to £500 million from institutional investors.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
Meeting of BRICS Senior Officials on Education (29 September 2016, New Delhi) 24.
Today, India offers a ray of hope for those who are concerned with environmental issues and global warming.
We have to do this in order to create opportunities for our youth.
Our conversation last night, meeting Mrs Netanyahu, learning about your family especially what you told me about your father has taken my experience of your beautiful country to a whole new level.
Thank you very much.
We are forging a unique bond with the rest of the world.
He said 74 percent of the beneficiaries under the MUDRA scheme till now, are women.
Technology can help countries like India develop sustainably and enable the poor to benefit from it.
In this respect, we need to deepen the security cooperation between our National Security Advisors.
Cars made in India by a Japanese car maker are already selling in Japan.
Now, subsidies meant for the poor get directly deposited into their accounts in the form of direct benefit transfers, eliminating leakages and possibility of any discrimination.
“Greetings to my sisters and brothers of Bihar on Bihar Diwas.
The Prime Minister said that resolution of issues related to the telecom sector should be based on latest technological solutions.
DPR for this project has been prepared and alignment of bridge has been finalized in consultation with Government of Nepal.
The Asian countries are not only catering to the goods and services markets in their own country but their reach has expanded to other continents as well.
It also faces challenges like water pollution and increased demand for natural resources.
Here, in SUMUL we see the positive results that can be achieved when Sahkar (Cooperatives) and Sarkar (Government) work together, the Prime Minister said.
Benefits – Pension (Annuity) on superannuation and Death Cover.
They also tasked the two Defence Ministers to explore collaboration between defence industries for joint production of equipment with technology transfer, technical assistance, and capacity building cooperation.
The unique point in our Constitution is that the rights and duties have been very comprehensively detailed.
The delegation congratulated the Prime Minister for his efforts to strengthen relations with the countries across the world and said that today every Indian in every corner of the world is instilled with a sense of pride.
It has commenced functioning.
In 2015, we pledged a new Defence and International Security Partnership (DISP) to make security and defence a cornerstone of our relationship.
That was another promise we had made.
Cost of construction and running of the new AIIMS would be met by the Central Government under PMSSY.
Remembering the great Sardar Patel on his Punya Tithi.
DPW Limited is contemplating restructuring of its assets in India with the objective of consolidating the ownership of its port infrastructure in India into a single holding company namely, Hindustan Ports Private Limited (HPPL).
There have been 13 engagements at various levels between the Narendra Modi government and the Chinese government.
It will act as a Technology Resource Partner for implementing identified projects in manufacturing.
· In less than four months, more than 45,000 crore rupees have been invested in Non-Financial Entities through corporate bonds and private placement.
The dam is a generator not just of electricity but also of optimism and belief in the future of Afghanistan.
The Tech Hub will bring together hi-tech companies to create investment and export opportunities and provide a new platform to share the very best technologies and advance policy collaboration including on Future Mobility, Advanced Manufacturing and Healthcare AI under India’s Aspirational districts’ Programme.
With this, we are also moving towards a modern tax regime, which is transparent, stable and predictable.
Aviation security, Immigration and Customs xiii.
My young friend Deepak Lather wins a Bronze in the Men’s 69 kg category.
Dato’ Seri Dr. Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, Deputy Prime Minister and Home Minister of Malaysia called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Hence forth their no escape route.
Even in families, the relationship between the young and old has changed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the medal winners of the recently concluded Commonwealth Games, who called on him at Lok Kalyan Marg.
Our joint military exercises on counter-terrorism are now an annual feature.
This is expected to help in the efforts being taken to improve the availability of these commodities to general public especially the vulnerable sections and control the tendencies of hoarding and profiteering.
This circle houses a row of dense trees.
The Prime Minister explained how better targeting of government benefits has been achieved by weeding out about 6 crore fake beneficiaries.
The 10th BRICS Summit – 25 to 27 July (Johannesburg)
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Vietnam in the field of Cyber Security.
· Meeting of BRICS Finance Deputies – 17 to 20 March (Buenos Aires)
For taking up fast track creation of sewerage treatment infrastructure in Ganga basin, an innovative model based on Hybrid Annuity has also been approved.
As per Schedule 13 (Education) of the Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act, 2014 according to which the Government of India shall take steps to establish ‘Institutions of National Importance’ in the 12th and 13th Plan periods in the successor State of Andhra Pradesh.
He mentioned the new health policy, which covers various aspects of health and wellness.
When I look at Sri Lanka, I see not only a neighbour, I see a very special and trusted partner of India in South Asia and in the Indian Ocean family.
But, also to our society, our way of life and humanity as a whole.
Speaking about the country’s demographic dividend, the Prime Minister said that it is our collective responsibility to fulfil the aspirations of our youth.
In a time when political discourse was centredaround train stoppages only, Naidu ji ensured that leaders began to think more about roads and other forms of connectivity, the Prime Minister added.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has filled every Indian’s heart with pride by clinching the Denmark Open title with his excellent performance.
He welcomed the suggestion made for a comprehensive energy policy.
A transformed India, with one sixth of humanity will mean a transformed world.
The present residential accommodations at West Ansari Nagar and Ayur Vigyan Nagar campuses are more than 50-60 years old and have outlived their utility.
And constant efforts are being made to improve the health infrastructure of the state”.
Nazir Ahmad Wani was awarded Ashok Chakra.
The Prime Minister elaborated on the rich spiritual traditions of Myanmar.
Such moments come but rarely.
India’s full membership in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization will considerably enhance the Organization’s capabilities to ensure peace and stability, achieve economic development and prosperity in Eurasia and the Asia-Pacific region, as well as improve the Organization’s international standing.
This is a time of slowdown in the global economy.
India welcomes the world to explore economic opportunities our nation has to offer!
The captains of Japanese business and industry sitting here will agree with me that a combination of Japan’s technologies and India’s human resources will create a win-win situation.
As you are aware, this project took shape in the year 2007.
e) upgrading existing technology institutes / setting up Greenfield institutes in India and other technology related co-operation and collaboration.
A day for humanity to revere the birth, the enlightenment and the Parinibbana of Lord Buddha, the “Tathagatha”.
Overall, India’s long-term interests have been protected.
The spread of electronic means of trading and the use of depositories have made our markets more transparent.
Students from colleges all across the country, listened to the Prime Minister’s address through video conference.
When the people face problems, undergo hardships, rare will be a fellow human being who will not empathise.
increased investments, creation of new joint ventures and increased B2B contacts between the two countries
The MoU aims at promoting the production of Pigeon Peas/Tur and other pulses in Mozambique by encouraging progressive increase in the trading of these pulses.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and felicitated the medal winners of the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics, held in Argentina.
These traditional bonds of friendship have strengthened through regular exchange of high level visits.
This will provide extension of suburban services from Churchgate to Dahanu Road.
HCT will provide venue for such events and will encourage its students and faculty member to attend these events;
In a few days from now, Mahashivrartri will be celebrated, and that too on a Monday, and when a Shivratri falls on a Monday, it becomes all that special in our heart of our hearts!
The signing and ratification of a BIT between the two countries will work as a strategic initiative as Belarus is the member of the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU).
Central University of Gujarat, Gujarat
The Prime Minister said that terrorism poses the gravest threat to international peace and security, and welcomed increased cooperation between India and China on counter-terrorism related matters.
Our festivals are now becoming great attractions for tourism.
The approved amendments will give boost to the manufacturing sector and facilitate ease of doing business with an aim to enhance employment opportunities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Lala Lajpat Rai, on his birth anniversary.
Their advice has a bearing on the country’s corporate governance, he added.
A change can now be seen in the form of public participation in rural and urban areas alike.
It has also approved its takeover by National Buildings Construction Corporation Limited (NBCC), a Central Public Sector Enterprise under the Ministry of Urban Development.
Prime Minister said that it is the responsibility of the parliamentarians to ensure smooth functioning of Parliament so that every parliamentarian gets a chance to speak and thereby become part of history.
Several of our fishermen brothers and sisters work hard to earn their living.
I am thankful to our countrymen for having provided me an opportunity to understand the feelings of the common man.
Argentina’s Tango dance and football is very popular in India.
The new Headquarters building of ASI has been equipped with state-of-the-art facilities, including energy efficient lighting and rainwater harvesting.
The Bali Ministerial Decision together with the General Council Decision of November 2014, which was reaffirmed at the Tenth Ministerial Conference of the WTO in December 2015 protects India through availability of an interim mechanism on public stockholding for food security purposes, till a permanent solution is agreed and adopted by the WTO.
From Brisbane to Hannover to Ashgabat, the Prime Ministerhasunveiled busts or statues of Bapu, creating a lasting awareness about the Mahatma, overseas.
The importance of hydropower is increasing even more as the country has targeted to add 160 GW of intermittent Solar and Wind power by 2022 and 40% of the total capacity from non-fossil fuel sources by 2030 to honour its Nationally Determined Contribution for Climate Change.
Our milk co-operatives in Gujarat and the Shri Mahila Griha Udyog Lijjat Papad, are examples of highly successful and globally acclaimed women-led co-operative movements.
Many leading Indian companies have a foot-print here.
Wherever possible, I request the Ministers also to participate in these sessions.
The issue relating to acquiring the membership of the “European Bank for Reconstruction & Development (EBRD)” had been under consideration of the Government.
We are also donating essential medicines and medical equipment for Kenya’s public health system, including for the treatment AIDS.
This has given them a dignified life”.
Excellencies and Friends,
He praised the Prime Minister for providing this impetus.
The MoU provides that –
By funding need-oriented, ambitious joint projects of high international standards, the two countries aim to help reach world-class innovations beneficial to both countries.
My dear countrymen, 21st June has become a well known day world over.
PM lamented that due to lack of will power and proper policies of the previous Government, a large chunk of funds earmarked for them was not available for the Beneficiaries.
It is not doable and Modi is talking about this as elections are round the corner.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the accident at the NTPC plant in Raebareli, Uttar Pradesh.
The school has a total capacity of 420 students with the state of the art facilities.
The Prime Minister said that a spirit of entrepreneurship among Dalits will benefit us.
My dear countrymen, the Pradhan Mantri Jan DhanYojna, financial inclusion, had been a point of discussion amongst Financial Pundits, not just in India, but all over the world.
My appeal to the Congress is please do not bring politics in national security:
Synergize your energy with the strength of India.
India admires the success of your people in overcoming adversity to advance, innovate and flourish against all odds.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian Economy has grown at a healthy rate of 7.7 percent in the fourth quarter of 2017-18.
We will launch new initiatives in Goa even as we mark the successful operationalization of initiatives like the BRICS New Development Bank and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement.
So the pace has picked up.
He briefed the Prime Minister on the progress in bilateral relations, especially in the economic domain.
Germany ranks 7th among foreign investor countries in India.
Other than all these, 32 Heads of State or Government from Africa have visited India in the last four years.
We are sharing our experience and knowledge to tackle global challenges.
28. The leaders reaffirmed the crucial role of the rules-based multilateral trading system, and the importance of enhancing free, fair, and open trade for achieving sustainable growth and development.
If you tell the world about whatever good has happened in your life because of your teachers, people’s attitude towards teachers would change.
He attended the groundbreaking ceremony of 81 projects in Uttar Pradesh, with a total investment of over 60,000 crore rupees.
And people would want to know why is the Prime Minister unable to end this?
School children, social organizations and NGOs also get connected with the campaign.
To the continued good health and personal well-being of Their Majesties the Emperor and Empress of Japan, To the profound success of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, the friendly people of Japan and each one of you present here tonight,
He laid the Foundation Stone for 25 Krishi Vigyan Kendras.
Prompt Repayment within a period of one year from the date of advance.
India’s strength, especially in pharmaceuticals, can join hands with your priorities to shape an affordable and efficient healthcare system in Kenya.
The Prime Minister said that social movements can drive change in a democracy, and the civil services should be catalysts for the same.
The determination of equivalence of posts has been thus pending for almost 24 years.
Q. Does this decision imply a more pro-Israel posture in the U.N.?
This will provide electricity connections to all families by December 2018.
Through these schemes, a premium of only 1 Rupee per month is required for accident insurance and 90 Paisa per day for Life Insurance.
From Dahej, the Prime Minister will travel to Vadodara.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has assured total support in the rescue and relief operations in the flood affected States of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh.
Mr. Modi said that Guru Gobind Singh ji was a great warrior, philosopher poet and guru.
During my South Africa tour, I visited Phoenix settlement where Mahatma Gandhi’s home is known as ‘Sarvodaya’.
Both sides noted that addressing climate change and promoting secure, affordable and sustainable supplies of energy are key shared priorities, and agreed to cooperate on reducing the cost of development and deployment of clean energy projects through technology innovation, knowledge sharing, capacity building, trade and investment, and project establishment.
5. The leaders commended the strong engagement of the European Investment Bank in India in a wide range of key sectors, in particular in the field of climate action and renewable energy.
Dissolution of the National Commission for Backward Classes with effect from such date as the Central Government may appoint in this behalf and the National Commission for Backward Classes constituted under sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the said Act shall stand dissolved.
Will Pune people help me, yes or no?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people on the occasion of Kutchi New Year.
We all are committed to this national spirit that there cannot be any compromise on India’s territorial integrity.
Inclusion of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Wancho – Existing entry is of ‘Any Naga Tribes’.
She destabilised Atal Ji’s Government and never formed one herself
I am particularly grateful to President Putin for his presence at this event.
No stone was left unturned to trace their where abouts, their well-being and their rescue.
A day to rejoice in Buddha.
My dear countrymen, in our country, there is a Neelakurinji flower which blooms once every 12 years.
Loosely translated, it means, “In the interest of all, for the benefit of all, together with all, development for all.”
But, also how our cooperation can help the cause of global peace and stability.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
The two sides further agreed to take action against illegal transfer of money.
It is a symbol of optimism and economic development.
With the changes in demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country has been changing.
The Prime Minister asserted that the Union Government is committed to ensuring that the skill and hard work of the carpet makers, becomes one of the strengths of the nation.
Since there are employees working in these CPSEs, Government decided that closure should not cause hardship to them and has now laid down a uniform policy to give workers VRS at 2007 notional pay scale irrespective of the pay scale in which they are working.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, was in Gujarat today.
The budgetary outlay for Railways and Road transport sector have also been substantially increased.
Central University of Kerala, Kasargod
My visit closely follows the State Visit of Prime Minister Oli to India last month.
India will remain ever grateful to Atalji for bringing the 91st Amendment Act, 2003.
He said that the cumulative effect of these initiatives will help the housing sector and the home buyers.
Coincidentally, the 3rd of March is also the birth anniversary of Jamsetji Tata.
How to avoid conflict?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condemned the instances of violence in parts of the country.
The molecular oncology department of the institute was designated a “Centre of Excellence” in 2007 by the Union Government.
Civil Aviation
Thanks, you have rightly said it and I believe that Swachch Bharat and Swasth Bharat are supplementary to each other.
The approval paves the way for applicability of Goods and Services Tax regime in the State of Jammu & Kashmir.
There should be a debate on how costs can be reduced by holding simultaneous elections, how the influence of black money can be curbed, how the five years can be spent in taking the country forward.
These projects will also provide increased employment opportunities, development of small and medium industries and give a boost to economic development in the area.
iii. The Central Council will comprise 47 members, of which 14 members shall be ex-officio representing diverse and related roles and functions andremaining 33 shall be non-ex-officio members who mainly represent the 15professional categories.
He added that we must plan adequately for growth of our cities.
And for a country like India, this common sentiment of the people is a very big force.
In our country, we tend to indulge in endless debates and discussions following the shutdown of companies.
“Greetings on the start of Ramzan.
He said the Gujarat Forensic Sciences University is playing a decisive role in global security, through its training and education.
· Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Foreign Affairs/International Relations – 4 June (Pretoria)
Our people at home and the world at large are looking at us with great expectations.
Our farmers across the country have got more than 10 crore soil health cards made so that they may understand their soil better and accordingly sow the crop.
iv) The designated airline will be free to decide tariffs in respect of the agreed services at reasonable levels based on the commercial considerations.
We do not want to spend ten years in discussions without any tangible outcomes.
He added that initiatives have to be completed on time and the fruits of development must reach the intended beneficiaries.
In his meeting with President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan on Thursday, the Prime Minister congratulated Kazakhstan for membership of the UN Security Council in 2017-18.
The MoU was signed on 16thApril 2018.
So far, the Government has disbursed Rs.35.89 crore as compensation to civilian victims since inception of this Scheme in 2008.
It has also provided three months additional time for the completion of infrastructure projects.
Once the youth of India decide something, everything is possible, he added.
India’s desire is to see an economically prosperous Sri Lanka.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
Whenever it approaches any country, it will only be concerned about its own interests.
We can jointly tap abundant opportunities in our initiatives aimed at building digital economy, human capital and smart urbanization in India.
“सबका साथ सबका विकास” can be the guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
Our women’s empowerment programmes are productivity multipliers that mainstream women in nation building.
More recently, in April 2017, the Prime Minister, and the Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull travelled by metro to the Akshardham Temple.
Now our North-east is also known for all best deeds.
He said that Dr. Ambedkar did not have even a trace of bitterness or revenge in him.
He said these initiatives have had a positive impact on all sections of the society.
I have resolved to complete 99 big projects.
(V) MoU for cooperation on Broadcasting for exchange of Audio-Visual Programmes.
•Contribute to ‘Make in India’ and ‘Skill India’ and help generate large scale employment
The Prime Minister said a lot of emphasis has been placed on affordable housing, real estate sector, skill development, and housing technology.
During the G-20 Summit, I will have an opportunity to engage with other world leaders on pressing international priorities and challenges.
48. We welcome recent developments to achieve the complete denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula and maintain peace and stability in North East Asia.
Shri Ramvilas Paswan
Earlier in the day, Prime Minister visited the Shri Saibaba Samadhi Temple Complex and offered prayers.
Today, I’m saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the ‘Swachch Bharat Mission’ a successful campaign.
43. One society, one mission, one goal
These steps will improve energy efficiency.
And, she did not write to me this letter as a Prime Minister but she straightforwardly wrote – “Modi Bhaiya!”
He also added that India believes that a strong America is good for the world.
Tomorrow is Budget Day.
Former Director, Delhi Fire Services; and
Last month I came across an energy forecastprepared by an agency, according to whichIndia will be the key driver of global energy demand in the next twenty-five years.
Look back at India’s history.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Suriname on cooperation in the field of electoral management and administration including exchange of knowledge and experience in the field of organizational and technical development of electoral process; support in exchanging information, institutional strengthening and capacity building, training of personnel, holding regular consultations etc.
India has been the land of peace for ages.
But I can’t leave the country helpless.
Sardar Patel dedicated his entire life for the unity of the country.
It was their view that the GDP data did not match with their own understanding of the ground realities.
You have led from the front in trying to bring a new era of peace, development and security.
The need to rely on science, technology, innovation, and higher technical education to overcome our developmental challenges is common to both of us.
Almost all of them have visited India.
6. Promotion of Indian Brands in Leather, Footwear and Accessories Sector sub-scheme: Under this sub-scheme, the eligible units approved for Brand Promotion are proposed to be assisted.
He said that the projects unveiled today will not only improve the ease of living here but also improve tourism and thus increase employment opportunities.
We have also agreed on a time table for regular supply till the pipeline is constructed.
Congratulations to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and her entire team at Ministry of External Affairs and diplomatic missions for their untiring efforts that have led to India’s re-election to ICJ.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Bhagwan Birsa Munda on his Jayanti.
Curiosity is the mother of science.
All political parties will have to bury their differences and cooperate to restore peace and prosperity in the state.
The Prime Minister said steps like crop insurance have been taken in a way that facilitates and benefits farmers.
Deletion of Abor – Removal of duplication Replace Khampti – There is no tribe called ‘Khampti’ Inclusion of Mishmi-Kaman, Idu and Taraon – Existing entry is only of ‘Mishmi’.
A project of reviving the rivers which had dried out was undertaken in Kerala.
v. Provision has also been made for inclusion of women and members from Scheduled Castes/Tribes in the Board.
They welcomed the conclusion of various agreements/ MOUs during the visit of Prime Minister Modi to Qatar.
Talking tough on corruption, PM said his Government is working tirelessly to bring the corrupt people to book.
In the same way when one thinks about Accounts and Finance, it is no one else but you who come first in our minds.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation.
And, in so doing you have also echoed the South African ethos of Umuntu Ngumuntu Ngabantu (You are what you are because of other people)
“I bow to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on his Mahaparinirvan Diwas.
We have asked 20 universities to decide their own destiny.
It is a gallery whose walls are inscribed with soldiers’ tales of valour.
I am very happy to note that all our colleagues have expressed one voice and one sentiment.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated the Mundra LNG terminal, the Anjar-Mundra Pipeline Project and the Palanpur-Pali-Barmer pipeline project, at Anjar.
Industrial Process and Product Use
Further, the audit mechanism in both the Departments needs to be strengthened.
I invite Bihar, lets come forward to make our villages, our tehsils, our districts open defecation free.
We have been able to convert our traditional buyer-seller engagements into strategic partnerships through bilateral investments.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, interacted with the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Bhartiya Janaushadhi Pariyojana and store owners of Jan Aushadi Kendras, through video conference.
This is a chance for the sports lovers to see Odisha.
There must be hardly any Indian who doesn’t feel proud of our Armed Forces, our army jawans, our soldiers.
·-Friends, even the disbursal of personal loan has registered rapid growth.
H.E. Kim Hyun-chong, Minister for Trade, Industry & Energy
Today is indeed a special day.
My thoughts are with the bereaved families.
These are energy access, energy efficiency, energy sustainability and energy security.
We also face common concerns and challenges.
He mentioned various other initiatives taken for the agriculture sector.
Referring to India’s 75th anniversary of independence in 2022, the Prime Minister said India is doing well in milk processing but can do even better.
PMGDISHA is aimed at imparting digital literacy to citizens in rural areas.
We do not claim that we know everything.
In this regard, works for construction of multi modal terminals, new navigation lock, River Information System, development of fairway etc., have already commenced under the Jal Marg Vikas Project being implemented on NW-1 (River Ganga).
He said thatmore than five crore people have benefitted from Pradhan MantriJeevanJyoti Yojana, by paying a very low premium of around Rs. 300.
And, in all our efforts to pursue efficiency and effectiveness in partnership with you, we will be guided by the highest ideals of integrity and probity.
This year it will take place in Sri Lanka.
(iii) To increase coverage of the credit guarantee scheme for loans being extended to micro and small enterprises by NBFCs also.
We must abide by the same essence, the same spirit as we celebrate Teachers’ Day.
The scheme has not only provided relief to the poor women from the smoke but has also become a huge source of their empowerment.
This will prove a big relief to the people of Varanasi and to tourists and other visitors to the city.
What was the reason LED bulbs were so costly during the UPA era.
This provides a mechanism to capture the increased land value.
“I salute not only to the brave sons of India but also their mothers who gave birth to such bravehearts.
He said that the youth of the region would benefit immensely from the Shri Vishwakarma Skill University.
I thank Prime Minister Jugnauth for his vision and support to our relationship.
The two dignitaries agreed to further strengthen these ties.
The setting up of IISs shall augment the global competitiveness of key sectors of Indian economy by providing high quality skill training, applied research education and a direct and meaningful connection with industry.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has remembered Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya on his death anniversary.
In a first meeting of its kind, I will also have the opportunity to engage with Governors from various Russian regions to further broad base bilateral cooperation and more actively involve States/Regions and other diversified stakeholders.
The Prime Minister was briefed on progress being made on various parameters related to Ease of Doing Business.
“Remembering Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev on the day of their martyrdom.
ARNAB: Does it worry you, that people have misued the law?
Praising the efforts of armed forces, PM said that the entire nation is proud of our soldiers.
Government of India has initiated the Sagarmala Project keeping it in mind.
My beloved countrymen, this year too, there was a great buzz about the Padma award.
The following are the highlights of the decisions taken in the Cabinet meeting:
The Prime Minister referred to the heavy rain in some parts of the country.
The need of the hour is to create a mass awakening towards “engaged, responsible, and aware citizens.”
Not only this, our Sikkim outperformed 51 nominated policies of 25 countries to win this award.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated weightlifter Vikas Thakur on winning the Bronze medal at the Commonwealth Games.
Hospitals belonging to Employee State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) may also be empanelled based on the bed occupancy ratio parameter.
Your Excellencies,
The benefits of this proposal will percolate down the line throughout the country.
The recent commissioning of Bishwanath-Chariyali-Agra transmission line has also brought 500 MegaWatt additional capacity to the region.
It would enable the institutes to provide world class teaching and research experience by adopting innovative practices.
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the special package for employment generation in leather and footwear sector.
However, under the present statutory framework, the admiralty jurisdiction of Indian courts flow from laws enacted in the British era.
It has brought with it some responsibilities for us and has also set a few boundaries on us.
And, the city that once Jalaluddin Rumi held as the finest, will rise again.
Today India has become the flag bearer of International Solar Alliance in the world.
They also emphasized the expected growth in energy demand in India, and the significant progress made in electrification and LPG expansion.
And suppose, you are not caught, even then your own conscience will be burdened for lifetime.
Special train for pilgrims:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the Foundation Stone of Pune Metro Project (Phase-1).
But, my countrymen, I liked this initiative taken by a newspaper that helped these letters reach me and I got an opportunity to go through these.
Development of tools for collection, use and analysis of CO2 emissions and GHG data for tracking global emissions for INDC.
He said these 115 districts can become the foundation for developing New India.
He said almost all villages along the banks of the River Ganga have now become open defecation free.
In August 1971, our countries signed the Treaty of Peace, Friendship and Cooperation, which outlined fundamental principles of mutual relations such as respect for each other’s sovereignty and interests, good neighborliness and peaceful co-existence.
Based on past experience, the Reserve Bank will hereafter make arrangements to limit the share of high denomination notes in the total currency in circulation.
The Prime Minister spoke of “Panch Tatva” – five elements to boost connectivity in the North-East: Railways, Highways, Airways, Waterways, and i-ways.
Redevelopment of major stations across the country is planned by leveraging commercial development of land and air space in and around the station.
It enables our youngsters to think out of the box and do new things, he added.
The invitation was accepted.
Over the last seventy five years, the traditional telegram, delivered by the postal department, has become obsolete, and gone out of existence.
Anyway, young friends, you are engrossed in preparing for your exams and here I am, engaging you in matters close to my heart.
Both sides aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues on the basis of mutual benefit equality and reciprocity.
Following changes are being incorporated:
The changing lifestyles of the 21st century have brought their own set of challenges.
India and Tajikistan live in an extended neighbourhood that continues to face multiple security challenges and threats.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will address the golden jubilee and foundation day celebrations of Bharatiya Agro Industries Foundation, Pune, at 5 PM today via video conferencing.
The MoU was signed on 30th October, 2017 at New Delhi.
2. integrated water resources management, i.e., conjunctive use of surface and ground water resources, enhancement of water use efficiency, resilience and adaptation to climate change, artificial recharge of aquifers, organisational, institutional and regulation aspects;
Although many schemes have been formulated in the past, middlemen, the people who take cuts, used to take away the cream of the scheme.
We have given full freedom to the security forces.
The Policy will be applicable to all the Major Ports.
He said that for this, it is important to take decisions at the right time, and implement them without delay.
Cooperation in other youth and sports-related matters also helps in youth development and sports promotion in partner countries.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that he had the opportunity to work with Shri Venkaiah Naidu for several years.
This is in a way a humorous suggestion.
We can also use the power of digital technology, innovation and connectivity to transform lives at unprecedented speed and scale.
After all, universities have social responsibilities too.
The Prime Minister will unveil a statue of Dr. Abdul Kalam, and offer floral tributes.
The MIIM Programme has been offering a wide range of business support Services.
The instant MoU would help encourage more and more young Indian Chartered Accountants to take up the recognition of ICAEW professional designation to further help them pursue professional opportunities in UK.
• Strengthen its education;
In this context he mentioned, that the number of foreign tourists coming to India, rose from 70 lakh in 2013, to 1 crore in 2017.
The Commission aims to evolve the principles which would govern pay structure and other emoluments of Judicial Officers belonging to the Subordinate Judiciary of the country.
These projects are spread over several states including Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Assam, Sikkim, West Bengal, Bihar, Tamil Nadu and Jharkhand.
We have reached 100th position in the ‘ease of doing business’ ranking.
He said the number of beneficiaries of this scheme is roughly equal to the population of the European Union, or the population of America, Canada and Mexico, taken together.
Expansion and deepening of trade, investment, and business partnerships between our two countries is our shared priority.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for National Steel Policy (NSP) 2017.
I am reminded of one incident related to Cho.
The world has recognised that India has age old traditions like Yoga and Ayurveda for health and wellness;it is also, at the same time, harnessing the power of modern technology.
I am sure that we will definitely achieve the target of 100% soon.
On Swachhta Abhiyan, the Prime Minister said that the biggest groundswell of support has come from the people, and that is driving change at the administrative level.
• A bilateral Social Security Agreement, (SSA) was signed between India and the Netherlands on 22nd October 2009 and came into force on 15th June 2010.
In the past year, BRICS have played an active role in shaping the global agenda for change and development.
Emphasizing the significance of the occasion, when a stamp on the theme of “Ramayana” is being released in the precincts of the Tulsi Manas Temple, the Prime Minister said that stamps have a special place in society.
A series of Yoga related events are being organized across the world to mark the occasion.
“Greetings on Valmiki Jayanti.
These are on diverse topics.
We are ready to meet the healthcare priorities of the Tanzanian government, including of supply of medicines and equipment.
As part of their Valedictory Session as Assistant Secretaries, IAS officers of the 2015 batch today made presentations before the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will chair the fourth meeting of the Governing Council of NITI Aayog at Rashtrapati Bhawan on Sunday, the 17th June.
He always hoped that the governments in India would follow the Constitution without discriminating against different castes.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi attended Dussehra Celebrations at 15 August Park at Lal Qila Maidan in New Delhi, today.
The Sides recognized the immense contribution made by the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences, to the promotion of India-Russia relations over several decades.
Some people have been successful in that.
He will chair a series of high level meetings to review the flood situation, and the relief operations in the North Eastern States, particularly in the States of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Manipur.
Indians have always looked East to see the nurturing sunrise and the light of opportunities.
Prime Minister congratulated the awardees for their efforts towards improving the quality of education in the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Odisha today.
On a serious note, we are all aware, that there is just too much that happens in the world everyday.
The United Kingdom welcomed the pro-active steps taken by India in establishing the International Solar Alliance (ISA).
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the rates for Spectrum Usage Charge (SUC) for various bands of spectrum for which auction are going to be conducted shortly.
He reiterated the highest importance that India attaches to its relationship with the Maldives.
This MoU will provide a broad framework for the Parties to cooperate towards the implementation of grid interconnections for the trade in electricity with a view to promoting rational and optimal power transmission in the BIMSTEC region.
Indeed, we live in a world where preachers of hate and violence are threatening the fabric of our society.
Only very few countries in the world have such a common mobility card for transportation, PM added.
PM also highlighted other initiatives of the Government including Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandana Yojana ,Ujjawala Yojana, Rashtriya Gokul Mission.
He realized the need to include the socially excluded, outcaste and the divyangs to make not only religion, but society itself, wholesome and complete.
We are proud to have taken numerous decisions that have furthered women empowerment.
The EU and India expressed their commitment to enhancing their consultations and cooperation regarding Africa, with a view to optimising possible synergies between their respective initiatives.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the signing of MoU between India and European Union in the field of water resources.
Subsequently, Constitution Orders specifying the Scheduled Areas were issued for State of Rajasthan in1981.
Prime Minister Modi warmly recalled the successful visit of Mr. Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan, to India last year, and said that he is looking forward to visiting Japan later this year.
The MoU will facilitate effective institutional interaction between both the Governments.
But many people feel derivatives are dominating the markets and the tail is wagging the dog.
D. Incorporation of all International Maritime Organisation (IMO) Conventions/Protocols in the Indian laws up-to-date (an essential pre-requisite for compliance with the IMO Member-State Audit Scheme that is mandatory since 1/1/2016) by inserting provisions relating to seven different conventions, namely,
In India, we believe in sharing our knowledge, experiences and expertise with other developing countries.
He urged the concerned departments to accelerate the adoption of new construction technologies at the earliest.
Through all these efforts, in the last two and a half years, we have brought into the open nearly 1 lakh 25 thousand crore rupees of black money belonging to the corrupt.
He said about 40 Temples near the Kashi Vishwanath Temple, had been encroached over time, and have now been freed of that encroachment.
He said, “36 years have passed Assam accord has not been implemented yet and only Modi-led government would fulfil this.”
Three out of four oldest High Courts in India are now headed by women judges.
This year will also see the launch of the inaugural Asian Infrastructure Forum, which will gather infrastructure practitioners in a practical and project-driven discourse, focused on matching innovative finance to critical infrastructure needs.
5 lakh villages in 600 districts have freed themselves from defecation in open.
Its rivers and lakes have nurtured civilisations across this large region.
I reside in Mayur Vihar, Pocket-1, Phase- I, Delhi.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfers for 59 different schemes.
Any talented child who has an achievement in sports, can upload his biodata or video on this portal.
“Remembering Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya on his Jayanti.
The infusion will give an impetus to anticipate new initiatives like supporting Indian textile industries, likely changes in Concessional Finance Scheme (CFS), likelihood of new LoCs in future in view of India’s active foreign policy and strategic intent.
The scale of Swami ji’s achievement looks much greater if you remember the times in which he lived.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List till November, 2018.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Indonesia on health cooperation.
The Prime Minister said that the North-East is today in the news for achievements in sports, for connecting the last unconnected villages with electricity, and for becoming a hub of organic farming.
Now with the setting up of 1.5 lakh wellness centres and the Ayushmann Bharat, we are working simultaneously to ensure health for all.
It requires a concerted effort.
The major impact of the MoU would be up-gradation of technical capacities of both the institutions in responding to the challenges emanating from transformations in the world of work.
Prime Minister expressed his happiness as he inaugurated the super speciality blocks at three Government Medical Colleges.
The Cabinet has also approved, in principle, another reform relating to budgetary process, for advancement of the date of Budget presentation from the last day of February to a suitable date.
The world is unanimously appreciating India’s position.
g) To exchange experiences in the areas of promotion, marketing, destination development and management.
Further, if the amount committed for a Start-up in whole has not been released before a Start-up ceases to be so, the balance funding can continue thereafter.
Regrettably, one of the countries of its origin and spread is in India’s neighbourhood.
Speaking in Hindi and English, he said such gatherings reinforce the identity of overseas Indians as the members of one family with shared history and culture.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the cadre restructuring of the Indian Information Service (IIS) Group ‘A’.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has strongly condemned the terrorist attack on a place of worship in Egypt.
I had last visited the UK in November 2015.
Attempts were even made to reduce the faith that Indians had on them, he added.
I have asked all concerned officers in the Government to focus their attention to this task.
Our agencies must also build mechanisms of information sharing to bring to justice the tax offenders and money launderers.
In February this year we launched e-visa for South Africa.
The MoU will provide a framework of cooperation for focused approach in following key areas :-
The following changes will be made in list of Scheduled Tribes of Chhattisgarh:-
The Prime Minister said that civil servants must ensure that every decision is taken keeping national interest in mind, and this should be their touchstone for taking a decision.
Explaining the importance of healthcare and wellness, Prime Minister said that health is the basis for all success and prosperity.
As India is already participating in 4 Collaborative Research Actions (CRAs) and Secretariat will be coordinating the activities of Belmont Forum, Indian scientific community will ultimately benefit from this agreement.
It is expected that 15,000 women will take part in Swachh Shakti event this year.
These are small countries with a population of about 10 lakh or 20 lakh.
On behalf of our countrymen, I heartily congratulate the scientists at ISRO.
They show us the path of liberty from the blind faith.
By practicing Yoga, a spirit of oneness is created – oneness of the mind, body and the intellect.
There has been no continuous funding to JSK from the Ministry.
· BRICS Science Academies Dialogue (Johannesburg)
Any person can access it.
In his inaugural address PM underlined the importance of energy as a key driver of socio-economic growth.
The Prime Minister said that Vakil Saheb – Laxmanrao Inamdar – was one such person.
An independent Review Board has been proposed to be created to carry out the residual function of the erstwhile TAMP for Major Ports, to look into disputes between ports and PPP concessionaires, to review stressed PPP projects and suggest measures to review stressed PPP projects and suggest measures to revive such projects and to look into complaints regarding services rendered by the ports/private operators operating within the ports would be constituted. e.
This can happen only if businesses make long-term investments that create jobs and sustain economic growth.
The above examples are in addition to thousands of reforms done by the states.
· 3rd BRICS Water Forum (Pretoria)
He said the focus is on both “Affordable Healthcare” and “Preventive Healthcare.”
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of various drinking water schemes.
Can our farmers, the sons of our soil make a resolve that by the year 2022, when we complete 75 year of our independence, they will cut down the urea usage to half of what is being used presently?
The Bill also proposes to mandate the automated fitness testing for the transport vehicles with effect from 1st October 2018.
The Prime Minister welcomed and applauded President Putin’s leadership in the growth of India-Russia relations.
We all have to pay a memorable tribute to Bapu and have to take the country to newer heights by drawing inspiration from Bapu.
All citizens, especially 40% of the country’s population that is outside the ambit of formal banking in the country will benefit from this project.
He asserted that the importance of postal services is on the rise again.
We both have strong maritime traditions.
The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC) seeks to stabilise Green House Gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would minimize interference with the climate system.
Every Indian should feel safe, every Indian should be insured, hence ‘Insurance for All’.
This includes 100 Smart Cities Mission, Housing for 50 million homeless, building roads, bridges, ports, railways tracks as well as stations.
b) The exact amount of the loan shall be the outstanding amount as on 31.03.2015, which is not secured by stocks of food grains.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship.
You deserve congratulations for that.
1. National Rural Drinking Water Programme (NRDWP) is to be continued co-terminus with the 14th Finance Commission cycle till March 2020.
20. Prime Minister Modi welcomed the intent by Saudi side towards investments in India, especially in the areas of energy, refining, petrochemicals, infrastructure, agriculture, minerals and mining, manufacturing, education and health.
Speaking on the occasion, at a large public meeting in Ahmedabad, the Prime Minister spoke of the high ambition and willpower of “New India.”
I would also like to tell about the GST.
He distributed tool-kits and solar lamps to weavers and their children.
I would like to extend my hearty congratulations to all those scientists.
She gave utmost importance to education and social reform.
These include combating diseases, coordinating action for disaster risk reduction and mitigation, addressing climate change and ushering digital empowerment.
It is understood from EXIM Bank that the USD 9 billion would be extended by KEXIM by way of Investment Credit (typically export credit facility to finance projects with a certain level of Korean import content and interest rates as per OECD export credit guidelines).
I heartily commend those sisters who have launched this movement, who have been fighting against the ‘Triple Talaq’ and I’m confident that the country will help them in this struggle.
Protocol between India and Israel on Amendments to the Air Transport Agreement
This visit of President Macri is taking place in a special year; This is the 70th year of establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries.
Societies become the links for national integration.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today arrived in Mangaluru on the first leg of his visit to Karnataka.
Hence, nothing is enough when it comes to development.
Chennai airport will be modernized with provision of e gates, biometric based passenger screening systems, various other features and will decongest the existing international departure terminal.
19. The Qatari side welcomed the participation of Indian companies in the infrastructure development projects in Qatar in preparation for the FIFA 2022 World Cup and the development plans under “Vision 2030 for Qatar”.
Prime Minister Modi was accorded a high level ceremonial welcome on arrival.
I am not urging too much on this issue, but I would like this awareness to spread.
We strongly condemn it.
The Prime Minister underlined the Union Government’s resolve to reduce input costs for the farmer, and eliminate losses due to wastage of farm produce.
If society practices this discrimination it will break society.
They underscored the benefits of a multilateral trading system and an open world economy for global growth and prosperity.
This airport in Jharsuguda is well located to serve the needs of the people of Odisha, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev on the day of their martyrdom.
PM also requested them to spread the values of Gandhi ji and Guru Nanak Dev ji and become a part of their anniversary celebrations.
The MoUs facilitate exchange of technical experts, reports and technical documents, training and seminars/workshops focusing on specific technology areas and other interactions for knowledge sharing.
It is also dependant on the fact which calendar you follow.
He said that more number of generic medicines are now available for the people which will not only reduce the cost of health care but also save many precious lives.
“On Teachers’ Day, I salute the teaching community that is devoted to nurturing minds and spreading the joys of education in society.
The original charter of CISF was to provide protection and security to the property of Public Sector Undertakings.
India is implementing at a rapid pace its highway infrastructure augmentation plans.
Around this time, military operations commenced in Kashmir.
“Buddha Purnima greetings to everyone.
Friends, India is one of the first few countries to legislate Consumer Protection Act in 1986, just one year after adoption of UN Guidelines.
This will address the R&D requirements of the automotive industry, full-fledged testing and homologation centres.
We had assumed that the relations with smaller nations would develop under the shadow of the bigger nations.
6. Best practices in Freight Cargo operations; and
Terrorist funding, their weapons supply, training and political support must be systematically cut off.
PM laid the foundation stone of a six-lane bridge over mighty river Brahmaputra.
The PM will also visit the Netherlands on 27 June 2017.
“ India today has the fourth largest refining capacity in the world.
He said a human touch is essential for developing team spirit, which can deliver better collective results.
With growing urbanization our transportation needs are growing too.
Repeal of the Central Excise Tariff Act, 1985; and v. Amendment or repeal of the provisions relating to Acts under which cesses are levied.
He requested the people to share them on Instagram using #MagnificentNortheast.
Therefore, Government proposes to move a Bill in the Parliament in the ensuing Session for amendment in the relevant Acts for giving effect to the revision of salaries and allowances.
In the New India, the biggest strength is democracy.
PM will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
Whether it is an individual, an organisation or a political party, everyone has to abide by law and one will have to.
There are crores of people in such professions in our country.
In response to various questions posed by the girls during the lively interaction, the Prime Minister explained the various steps being taken for girl child education.
He expressed happiness that the theme for this festival is ‘youth for Digital India.’
I thank President Xi Jinping for bringing us together for this dialogue.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to attending the G-20 Summit.
Prime Minister is on a 3-day visit to Gujarat, tomorrow being the last day of visit.
The Prime Minster said, “We have passed a historic bill to provide 10% reservation to Economically Weaker Sections of the General Category in Lok Sabha yesterday.
It provides for horizontal and vertical integration among all the agencies and departments of the Government.
He urged the young officers to interact freely with the senior-most officers of the Union Government over the next three months, so that the system could benefit from the combination of their energy and fresh ideas, and the administrative experience of Secretary-level officers.
We also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions.
The Chief Ministers of the respective States, and senior officials were present at the meetings.
Casteism and communalism will not help us.
The existing and emerging challenges to the contemporary international system and global governance architecture deserve serious attention of leaders, governments, policy makers, corporates and civil societies around the world.
The large Indian-origin community of Kenya is a vital and energetic link between us.
Condolences to their families.
As a follow-up to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s exhortation, Groups of Secretaries to the Government of India, today began the second of round of presentations on ideas for transformative change in various areas of governance.
Other welfare measures by the Government for ex-servicemen include increase in pension by 40%, disability pension for pre-mature retirees, applicability of battle causality compensation at Line of Actual Control, Line of Control and International Border, financial assistance to soldiers on their supreme sacrifice through newly created Army Battle Causalities Welfare Fund, enhancement of ex-gratia ad-hoc allowance, Special Pension to Ex-sailors and skill development training in 36 job roles to over 30,000 retiring soldiers so far.
The two leaders, while noting the resilience of the relations between India and the Maldives, expressed confidence in the renewal of the close bonds of cooperation and friendship with the election of Mr Solih as the President of the Maldives.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to ratify the Paris Agreement (on Climate Change) on 2nd October 2016, the day of Gandhi Jayanti.
As leaders of two democracies full of diversity, both Prime Minister Wickeremesinghe and I believe in delivering benefits of development to all sections of the society.
PM will inaugurate Pahari Dam Modernization Project.
The Republic of India was represented by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi.
This increases the challenge for government in communicating and in meeting rising expectations.
The award will be presented by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
He spoke of power sector reforms, irrigation, and how economic progress is being linked to rail connectivity.
The amendment will make students studying in these Institutions/Universities, or already passed out from here, eligible for employment as a teacher.
Udan scheme will benefit people through cheaper flights.
To meet this need, we bring insurance for all.
The institutions that we build must support the development of our countries and regions.
I would suggest considering a collaborative pilot project under the BRICS framework, including private entrepreneurship.
viii. There is also a provision of Coordination Forum of IIMs as an advisory body.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering.
He also laid Foundation stone for a permanent campus of Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) at Jote, Arunachal Pradesh on this occasion.
Government of India, (Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region) has already sanctioned the project titled “Construction of Mega-Festival-Cum-Multipurpose Ground with parking facilities and approach road at Tawang, Arunachal Pradesh” in March, 2016.
· 3rd BRICS Working Group on Cooperation in ICT
This will enable the RRBs to maintain the minimum prescribed Capital to Risk Weighted Assets Ratio (CRAR) of 9 per cent.
He also dedicated state of the art Rasilaben Sevantilal Venus Hospital, Surat to the nation.
This would help ensure quality in the reports, he added.
We produce the world’s second largest number of scientists and engineers.
c. Generating awareness about water
· Can you ensure that there will not be a single shell company in the country by 2022?
The journey of our cooperation is firmly on course.
Financial assistance:
The Government cannot keep its eyes shut.
It will make life easier for the people in these villages.
He mentioned other measures such as the Fugitive Economic Offenders Bill, which have been taken to ensure that the guilty are punished.
A dedicated fund for carrying out Fund of Funds operations would address these issues and enable flow of assistance to innovative Start ups through their journey to becoming full fledged business entities.
The scheme is transparent, fair, and rewards demonstrated excellence and performance.
He was given an overview of the progress of work at the site.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today approved a proposal for setting up of a Commission under article 340 of the Constitution to examine the issue of sub-categorization of the Other Backward Classes (OBCs).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed deep anguish over the loss of lives in the hospital fire in Odisha.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed a Students’ Convention on the occasion of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay Centenary Celebrations, and 125th Year of Swami Vivekananda’s Chicago Address, at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi.
Tourist arrivals from Kyrgystan during the last five years are as follows:-
PMSSY has two components: (i) Setting up of AIIMS like institutions (ii) Upgradation of Government Medical Colleges/Institutions.
Deeper economic engagement, growth of trade, manufacturing and investment ties, focus on clean energy, partnership to secure our citizens, and cooperation on infrastructure and skill development are among our key priorities.
In the same breath, I will add that do not let these remarks of mine be a burden on you.
I shall also pay tributes to Mzee Jomo Kenyatta, the first president of Kenya and a towering political figure of Africa.
The Prime Minister mentioned steps taken to improve ease of access to justice, such as increasing the number of e-courts, and strengthening of the National Judicial Data Grid.
Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs) would also benefit by the skill-sets and domain expertise of those coming from the State Public Sector Enterprises (SPSEs) as well the private sector.
Did those who ruled India for such long years think about the middle class or to give them tax relief?
Continued efforts can help us improve even further.
Till the time I was in Gujarat, this habit had been ingrained in us, but after coming here, I had lost that habit.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of agriculture will be mutually beneficial to both the countries.
Previously, there was no fixed arrangement for distributing the funds into State or Central component.
These are new methods of technology that are spreading in the entire world for cheating people.
· BRICS Friendship Cities and Local Government Cooperation Forum – 28 to 29 June (East London)
But we can turn it into a huge opportunity by research, training and skilling in robotics, artificial intelligence, digital manufacturing, big data analysis, deep learning, quantum communication and Internet-of-Things.
4. Employer’s Contribution – 10% of Basic pay and DA per month in respect of all existing employees as on 01.12.2008 or appointed thereafter.
The function to mark the handing over of cows was held at Rweru Model Village, in the presence of Rwandan President Paul Kagame.
And, I and the people of India look forward to welcoming you in India.
With increasing integration of financial market and growing number of internationally active insurance companies there is an increased need for mutual cooperation and information exchange between insurance industry supervisors.
Every citizen is a consumer too and hence this event symbolizes our collective determination.
He visited the various sections of the Memorial.
We have agreed to expand our useful cooperation in the field of defence to new areas including in the maritime domain.
Once again, my best wishes to all of you on the occasion of Ramnavami.
It is the result of our concerted efforts and commitment that Yoga has now become a mass movement and reached every house.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government in India is focusing on infrastructure.
That too on the strength of just an SMS!
Funds raised through monetization of land will be one of the means of financing the IECC project which is essential for Central Government and State Governments to hold Summit Level Meetings and Exhibitions/Events for tradepromotion.
Rivers have been bearers of great civilisations of the world.
It remains a huge bottleneck.
The world looks to India, and to Yoga, for a durable, and sustainable answer to these problems.
At the invitation of the President of People’s Republic of China, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Xiamen in China’s Fujian province during September 3-5, 2017 to attend the 9th BRICS Summit.
Addressing a large gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister recalled the rich contribution of the 19th Kushok Bakula Rinpoche.
Alongwith manufacturing, we are also pushing for faster progress in infrastructure sectors.
I also laid the foundation stone of Mahamana Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre in BHU at Varanasi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Balangir in Odisha today.
“Called President Emmanuel Macron to convey my congratulations on his victory in the French Presidential election.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation.
• Committing to voluntary norms under which
They are one of the most effective catalysts in the forward march of our ties.
Just on seeing these pictures, your disappointment will transform into hope.
The civic sense of “entitlement” must be suitably balanced by a civic sense of “responsible engagement.”
We remember his outstanding service to the nation.
The MoU would facilitate better understanding about the regulatory aspects between the parties and could help in increasing India’s export of medical products to BRICS countries.
PM said this Lok Sabha would be remembered, for the highest number of Women MPs, out of which 44 are first-time MPs.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its ex-post facto approval on the Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC) between India and Japan in the field of Healthcare and Wellness signed on 29th October, 2018.
The Agreement would provide a legal framework for sharing of information and intelligence between the Customs authorities of the two countries and help in the proper application of Customs laws, prevention and investigation of Customs offences and the facilitation of legitimate trade.
The field of cooperation envisaged in the MoU are:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condemned the terror attack in New York City.
The Prime Minister talked about the tax reforms initiated by the Central Government to aid the housing industry and home buyers.
Thanking the CEOs for sharing their views, the Prime Minister said that their observations indicate tremendous enthusiasm, about India.
This too is a good cause otherwise the tax collection by urban bodies had never gone above 50, 60 or 70 percent.
But my dear countrymen, we do have to go a long way.
And, I am happy that I will have occasion to engage with the rich Indian diaspora in Israel later tomorrow.
He described GST is an example of Cooperative Federalism.
The Government now aims to double this, giving priority to Dalits, Tribals, Backward Classes and Women.
A few days ago, I came across a mention of Sonal, a young daughter from Pune.
More than 10 crore restrooms have been created in the 4 and half years.
He said paperless initiatives save the environment, and are therefore a great service for future generations.
The two leaders also discussed regional and global issues of mutual interest.
During 2015-16, country received total FDI of US $ 55.46 billion.
To me, sports includes the following attributes.
(b) holding of office by the Chairperson and Members of the Public Enterprises Selection Board (PESB) for a period of 3 years from assumption of charge or until attaining the age of 65 years or until further orders whichever is earlier;
Over the last four years, the aim of my government is to reduce government and increase governance.
In this regard the Sides underlined importance of adoption of relevant resolutions by the UN General Assembly during its 73rd session.
Do we not feel that water conservation must be a social responsibility?
The Prime Minister said that the need of the hour is for all humanitarian forces to unite to save the world against terrorism.
It is the people of India.
In this context, he mentioned the Vanbandhu Kalyan Yojana.
The country’s self defence mechanism got further reinforced.
He was renowned to be a masterly scholar of languages such as English, Sanskrit and Kannada.
He said that the Gram Swaraj Abhiyan would extend from today till the 5th of May.
It will also become a platform for sharing and dissemination of success stories in the area of nutrition.
There will be two flights per week initially which will be doubled to four per week, later.
Have you ever thought of creating an atmosphere of joy and laughter for children during exams?
He called upon all citizens living on the banks of the River Ganga, to volunteer towards cleaning the river, during the Swachhata Hi Seva movement.
Play FIFA on the computer, but sometimes show your skills with the football out in the field.
In the past 4 years, old laws have been abolished and hundreds of rules are made easier.
The country will ever remain grateful to Atalji for bringing good governance in the main stream.
This indeed is a convenience, but at the same time it is also bolstering the economic progress.
I do believe that you will indeed do so.
Some students might have joined their respective colleges and some must be about to join.
I was with Anil Madhav Dave ji till late last evening, discussing key policy issues.
It was also decided to continue with the non-negotiating mandate of the existing Work Programme on E-Commerce, as proposed by India.
India reiterated its commitment to Paris Agreement and highlighted its leadership during the COP-24 by reuniting its promise to implement the Paris Agreement fully in a collective manner.
It is because of this disappointment that such incidents are taking place and our jawans are risking their lives and protecting the country.
I congratulate all those who will be voting for the first time in the 2019 Parliamentary polls.
Jodhpur, Jaisalmer and Jaipur
Our discussions were wide ranging covering the entire spectrum of our bilateral engagement.
The theme of IEF-16 is “The Future of Global Energy Security.”
It will be focused on the issues pertaining to the welfare of the poor.
You will notice that you will return to your study room and be amongst your books with a renewed freshness.
They gave an overview of the vast growth potential of the media and entertainment industry in India, and said that this sector is poised to contribute in a significant way towards this goal.
Our Digital India Mission aims to bridge the rural-urban digital divide.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Signing of Agreement between the India and Ukrain for cooperation in Agriculture and Food Industry.
It is always a pleasure to meet him.
He urged the corporate sector to invest in a big way, especially in the agriculture sector.
In this context, he mentioned Locomotive Train flagged off at DLW, Varanasi today and said this initiative under Make in India will help in strengthening the capacity and speed of Indian Railways.
But, an active peace where we all work to promote dialogue, harmony and justice, based on Karuna (compassion) and Pragya (wisdom).
Shri Narendra Modi will also visit the “Akshayvat” in Prayagraj.
The person in the Railway Station was Narendra Modi.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has has approved the strengthening of the mechanism for resolution of commercial disputes of Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs) inter se and also between CPSEs and other Government Departments/Organizations.
The person at the last mile of development now joins the mainstream and the nation is marching ahead.
And it is a matter of happiness for me that he had been a student in Banaras.
In order to promote biofuels in the country, a National Policy on Biofuels was made by Ministry of New and Renewable Energy during the year 2009.
He also laid the Foundation Stone for three Lift Irrigation Schemes, and inaugurated the Drinking Water Supply Scheme for Vyara Town and Jesinhpur-Dolvan Groups of Tapi district.
Together, our two countries have completed several bilateral connectivity and development projects in the last few years, and have initiated transformational initiatives for the benefit of our two peoples.
The Union Cabinet has further empowered respective Ministries/Departments/Organizations to take an appropriate decision in respect of the age of doctors for holding the charge of administrative position as per the functional requirement.
The Prime Minister said that youth in India has successfully resisted radicalization, which has affected several parts of the world today.
Also, 10 trees are planted on the marriage of a girl in the village.
4. Overall demand creation and projections
He honoured the three surviving members of Hot Springs incident.
We know that we can count on the active support of our friends, like South Africa.
Shri Narendra Modi referred to the various projects in the power, road and other infrastructure sectors, which have progressed significantly, and brought about an improvement in the lives of the people in the city of Varanasi, and nearby areas.
West Delhi and South Delhi
We also look forward to the establishment of the ASEAN-India Trade and Investment Centre.
He made notable contributions to the nation as a Parliamentarian, Minister and Governor.
Exim Bank of India (Exim Bank) was established in 1982 under an Act of Parliament as the apex financial institution for financing, facilitating and promoting India’s international trade.
This includes Rs. 4338.20 Crores and includes the cost of ten GSLV Mk-III vehicles, essential facility augmentation, Programme Management and Launch Campaign.
He reiterated the government’s commitment towards ensuring Ease of Living for all the citizens of the country.
On the one hand, the budget covers aspects such as health plans to address the concerns of the poor and middle class, while on the other hand it has plans to increase the wealth of small entrepreneurs in the country.
The Prime Minister said that performing the Jal Pujan of the Shivaji Memorial was very special, and he is glad to have got the opportunity to do so.
He said that India is going through a great transformation today.
The components comprising hotels, retail space and offices will be implemented in PPP mode.
Temple in Thiruvananthapuram.I will also seek blessings from Lord Padmanabhaswamy for the welfare of people of Kerala and other parts of the country.
He released a commemorative postage stamp on Maharaja Suheldev.
I heartily congratulate all these cleanliness-loving countrymen for their efforts.
Dhyan Chand ji was a living example of sportsman spirit and nationalism.
So, take it if you want to or leave it.
They called upon all countries to implement the UNSC Resolution 1267 and other relevant resolutions designating terrorist entities.
What kind of steps should be taken to strengthen the security of the country and that of the countrymen, was discussed in detail.
It has now become a campaign of societal empathy and public education.
The Prime Minister said that institutions should be kept above politics, and the Reserve Bank of India should not be dragged into controversy.
Once again, I appeal to all the citizens to adopt their legacy of yoga and create a healthy, happy and harmonious nation.
India is one of the foremost contributors to peace keeping forces worldwide, he added.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will be visiting Sri Lanka on 11th and 12th May, 2017.
d. Consideration of justifiability and feasibility of individual cases of power development based on thermal power generation technologies in terms of funding from the existing financial instruments and/or other available bilateral financial schemes.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to exclude State Governments States/UTs (with Legislature) except Arunachal Pradesh, Delhi, Kerala and Madhya Pradesh from National Small Savings Fund (NSSF) investments from 01.04.2016.
Ladies and Gentlemen
During the recent years, social, cultural and commercial relations between India and Tunisia have developed in a positive direction.
We are committed to make a peaceful, stable and economically inter-linked world.
He said agriculture needs to be developed in line with the requirements of the 21st century.
I am very happy that the Chief Minister of West Bengal is my honoured guest today .
We have also opened up new inland shipping routes on large rivers.
The CCEA approves the award of blocks.
At the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex in Luwangsangbam, the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the National Sports University, 1000 Anganwadi Centres, 19 residential complexes for teachers, doctors and nurses, and other development projects.
Director General, Indo Tibetan Border Police Force, Sh.
He unveiled a series of development projects to give a boost to infrastructure in the state.
He also recalled and paid homage to the braves who have made the supreme sacrifice, and are symbols of inspiration, for generations.
These fishermen have already left to their respective States.
You travel around the world, I have no issues but have a look at your own country too.
And at that time he did not know that one day he would become MP.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
The topics picked for this year’s summit include healthcare and life sciences; digital economy and financial technology; energy and infrastructure; and media and entertainment.
He said that when appropriate policies and governance are in place, the aspirations of the people of India can be achieved.
Excellency, in this context, I deeply appreciate your support for India’s claim for a permanent seat in an expanded UN Security Council.
He added that this was Babasaheb Ambedkar’s speciality.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government’s vision for the North East has been ‘Transformation by Transportation.’
The work of reclamation of Dal Lake is also going on.
It’s almost like day and night.
The results of the trial are encouraging and the clinical trial demonstrates significant improvement in patients.
He said a positive mindset, and a “can do” spirit is now pervading the country.
It will ensure seamless rail connectivity on the line.
This win is a prime example of her tenacity and never-say-die attitude”, the Prime Minister said.
He used to say that all these Khadi clothes have been woven after putting in a hard labour, every thread of these clothes must be utilized.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
So, Prime Minister and I have agreed to forge a closer partnership in the fields of defence and maritime cooperation.
Others must also have experimented with initiatives similar to those undertaken by the Government.
I would also call on His Majesty King Carl XVI Gustaf, King of Sweden.
What an accurate depiction of Savarkar by Atal ji!
The additional sum of Rs. 635 crore in the revised cost estimates is on account of Rs 400 crore for Technology Costs and Rs 235 crore for Human Resource Costs.
Even after his victory, he was humble and dedicated himself for the welfare of the people.
Citizen reporting can be an important tool in the sharing and dissemination of success stories of individuals.
There’s been no forward movement so far.
The Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojanahas been launched to ensure that no farm goes without water.
And as a result, one overriding priority for every government has been to ensure that there is no burden on the plate of the poor on account of GST.
In addition to the overseas projects, TCIL is executing a number of projects related to IT and Telecommunications at various places of India.
After government’s efforts, the same bulb is now available in just Rs. 40 to 45-/ under the scheme.
The MoU will help in expanding knowledge and expertise in the areas of sports science, sports medicine and coaching techniques, which would result in improvement in performance of our sportspersons in international tournaments and strengthening of bilateral relations between India and Qatar.
At the time of exams, you should get a good sleep so that you are free from stress and tension.
A ‘Yoga Session with Yoga Masters’ was organised at the UN headquarters.
The two leaders discussed the regional situation and expressed grave concern at continued use of terrorism and violence in the region for achieving political objectives.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Status-cum-Progress Report and constitution of “Special Committee for Inter-Linking of Rivers” in compliance of Supreme Court judgment dated 27.2.2012 in the matter of Writ Petition (Civil) 512 of 2002: Networking of Rivers along with Writ Petition No. 668 of 2002.
The Union Council of Ministers was today expanded with the induction of 19 new Ministers of State.
It is true that everyone is not tech-savvy.
As you know, those treaties have been amended by this government.
Through video link, PM will flag off the Bandra- Jamnagar Humsafar Express
They committed to deepen cooperation on cybersecurity and welcomed the understanding reached to finalize the Framework for the U.S.-India Cyber Relationship in the near term.
BRICS Innovative Idea Prize for Young Scientists 24.
It is expected that these measures will go a long way towards giving a major push to road and transport connectivity, water supply, sanitation, employment generation etc. for the people in Solapur and the adjoining areas.
The Government also aims to extend Piped Natural Gas to ten million houses over the next five years.
The Prime Minister enquired about the training and skills being given to rural masons, who were involved with this scheme.
Similarly, 93 Lakh bank accounts have been opened in the region under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
The 1st PBD was celebrated on 9th January, 2003 in New Delhi.
Shri C. Vidyasagar Rao, Governor of Maharashtra, Union Minister Shri Nitin Gadkari, Dr. Subhash Bhamre, Union Minister of State for Defence and CM of Maharashtra Shri Devendra Fadnavis was also present on the occasion.
This entire movement has become a people’s movement.
Prime Minister also underlined the efforts taken by the Government to deal with drought faced by Maharashtra.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the for setting up of Indian Institute of Skills (IISs) at different locations across the country in Public Private Partnership (PPP), which will be explored for promotion of IIS at select locations based on demand and available infrastructure.
Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas, Shri Dharmendra Pradhan and Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Youth Affairs and Sports, Col. Rajyavardhan Rathore, were present on the occasion.
In an uncertain global economic environment, India has shown tremendous resilience as an anchor of the world economy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved India’s Membership for European Bank for Reconstruction & Development (EBRD)
As President Museveni said at the 3rd India Africa Forum Summit in Delhi in 2015 and I quote – “We fought against colonial rule together.
That is the fact.
A compact Board with professional independent members will strengthen decision making and strategic planning.
His visit comes as both countries mark 25 years of our diplomatic relationship this year.
Why don’t we too, be a part of this journey from ‘Swaraj to Suraaj’ by making our lives disciplined, and filled with resolve.
After the martyrdom of his father Shri Guru TeghBahadurji, Guru Gobind Singh Ji attained the hallowed position of the Guru at a tender ageof nine years.
This Bill would benefit Indian women married to NRIs worldwide.
An Inter-Ministerial Centre Team (IMCT) has already visited the affected areas in the State for assessment of losses from 7-12 August, 2018 as per the Memorandum dated 21.07.2018 submitted by the State Government.
The Prime Minister specially mentioned the State of Meghalaya, which received an award for its achievements in agriculture, in the period under review.
Those guilty of rape will get a minimum sentence of ten years and those found guilty of raping girls below the age of 12 years will be awarded the death sentence.
If the government gives even a small concession on tax or exemption from tax, then for a whole week we hear praise for that government being splashed on TV channels and in newspapers.
Following are the higlights from his interaction with the participants:
He said that there is now a perception that India not only has a lot of potential, but is also fulfilling that potential.
Therefore, biofuels have synergies with various Government initiatives, including enhancing farmers’ incomes, and Swachh Bharat.
He described the submarine as an excellent illustration of the fast growing strategic partnership between India and France.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness at the near-total acceptance of Aadhaar as a tool to promote good governance and transparency.
In the new and renewable energy sector, the cumulative installed capacity has crossed 44 GigaWatts.
Now we don’t have to explain to the world.
You are right, that wherever I go, the government machinery does the cleaning but nowadays cleanliness also turns into a social event.
The onus of maintaining a sound economic and financial health of the country rests on you in the same way as the doctors are concerned about the health of the society and people, At the same time, I am confident that there wouldn’t be a doctor who would encourage unhealthy practices to make more people fall sick and enhance his earnings.
At Kudankulam alone, five more units of 1000 Mega Watt each are planned.
He added that a copy of this book was given by him to the former US President, Barack Obama.
There is still time left before the start of Durga Pooja festivities.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
The salient features of the scheme are as follows:
20. GST has shown the spirit of cooperative federalism.
Udupi has been Sri Madhavacharya Ji’s birth place and work place also.
94. We emphasise the guiding role of the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Agreement between the Governments of the BRICS States on Cooperation in the Field of Culture (2017-2021) for creative and sustainable cultural cooperation, and we note the various ongoing activities and initiatives of the BRICS culture experts.
The basic aim is to ensure proper care of the newborn, the future citizen of India, from the time of birth.
10. The Sides reviewed the progress on the achievement of the goal to increase two-way investment to USD 30 billion by the year 2025 and noted with satisfaction that both countries were on the way to achieving this target.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed developments in India-China relations from the strategic and long-term perspective.
As the next stage of our strategic partnership, we will extend our bilateral technical, economic and scientific cooperation to third countries by undertaking joint development projects in mutually agreed sectors.
Regular meetings of the Monitoring Committee may be organised in various States with State Chief Secretaries and PWD officials to enable speedy and good construction.
38. I say to our neighbours, Let’s fight poverty, by fighting our own people we will destroy ourselves, only by fighting poverty together will we prosper
The interaction, which lasted for over ninety minutes, saw students, teachers and parents relax, laugh, and repeatedly applaud the Prime Minister’s observations, which included a touch of humour and wit.
Increasing urbanization, and a growing middle class, are resulting in an ever-growing demand for wholesome, processed food.
MoU between Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), India and Research Centre for Advanced Science and Technology (RCAST), The University of Tokyo, Japan for Research Partnership
Alongside trade, there are also ample avenues for greater manufacturing and investment linkages.
The Project will be completed in five years.
1. Greetings to my fellow Indians on Independence Day.
I also convey my wishes to all the teams from around the world coming to participate in the tournament.
Indo-Cuba Collaboration
5. Application of technology for enhanced water use efficiency in agricultureand allied sectors, including irrigation;
I am told that most of the Siddi community that resides in parts of India is known to trace its ancestry to Mozambique.
My mother did not clear the Class 10 exam, yet without her aid, it would have been impossible for me to pass the CBSE exam.”
Toilets and cleanliness are not a matter of mockery.
f)Cooperation to understand how Traditional Knowledge is protected; and the exchange of best practices, including traditional knowledge related databases and awareness raising of existing IP systems;
It is a historic milestone in a remarkable journey that has brought India and ASEAN in a deepening partnership of great promise for their 1.9 billion people, about one-fourth of human kind.
Our focus is on development of untapped areas, such as ornamental fisheries and trout farming.
The draft Bill has been finalised after wide consultation with leading Indian experts and international experts.
And he has also been working as a trustee in the trust that was formed for implementing the dreams of Jay Prakash Ji.
3. The quantities of iron ore proposed for supply to JSMs and POSCO, South Korea through MMTC Limited under these LTAs will be of grade +64% Fe content.
• A commitment to promote the Internet as an engine for innovation, economic growth, and trade and commerce;
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for ratification of Minamata Convention on Mercury and depositing the instrument of ratification enabling India to become a Party of the Convention.
Noting that every parent sacrifices for his or her child, the Prime Minister urged parents not to make the achievements of their child a matter of social prestige.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
Memorandum of Understanding between Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad and National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology.
It will also have an AYUSH department with 30 beds for providing treatment facilities in traditional system of medicine.
The Bill aims to strengthen and streamline the current framework of deposit insurance for the benefit of a large number of retail depositors.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Russia.
He spoke of the steps taken by the Union Government to make the aviation sector more affordable and improve connectivity.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to postal services.
The Sides resolved to continue mutual support and synergies at various platforms including BRICS and ITU.
· Meeting of the Quality Infrastructure (Standards, Accreditation and Metrology bodies) – 16 May (Gauteng)
He will address a public meeting.
From them radiates the message of Justice, harmony and brotherhood.
She credited her victory to her father, a farmer in Belgaum.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
My dear countrymen, I will be back amidst you next month, with another episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat.’
It would provide a structured framework and enabling environment to the MSME sector of the two countries to understand each other’s strengths, markets, technologies, policies etc.
Our goal is not merely to tinker, but to transform.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar to lead a life of discipline and development.
3. The exporting companies shall get registered with the TMO.
They will not only will get the benefits of Ayushman Bharat Yojna, Pradhan MantriJeevanJyotiBimaYojna, Pradhan Mantri Suraksha BimaYojna, Pradhan MantriAwasYojna and other welfare schemes, but also receive pension to meet their daily expenses.
It is the largest economy in South East Asia.
Residential complexes and allied facilities / services, broadly on the pattern of AIIMS, New Delhi.
11. In the past any businessman who wanted to invest in this country had to spend more than six months just registering his business.
The Prime Minister said that Buddha’s message of love and compassion can be of immense benefit to the world today.
The move will help in enhancing global competitiveness of Indian stock exchanges by accelerating/facilitating the adoption of latest technology and global best practices which will lead to overall growth and development of the Indian Capital Market.
Our farmers are now focussing on solar farming.
40. The leaders agreed to work towards an enhanced cooperation on innovation and technology development aiming at actions strengthening cooperation between European and Indian industries and start-up ecosystems.
I will not worry about the polls.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described Shri Bahuguna as a leader committed to democratic values.
We shall take strict steps against terrorism.
The Sides expressed their support to promoting bilateral trade in national currencies.
73 Companies have enrolled as official members;
The Prime Minister said India and Spain have both faced the scourge of terrorism, and will both focus on fighting it.
Though state parties, regional parties may feel that it will effect them badly.
He added that the movement will not stop here, but will be extended to other rivers as well.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has said that the CCEA approval of road projects in Odisha and Punjab will help improve the infrastructure and connectivity in these states.
He urged the Prime Minister to take personal initiative to restore peace in Jammu and Kashmir.
It is, however, felt that there is a need to make available the services of senior doctors above the age of 62 years for core medical profession, such as, clinical / patient care/ teaching in medical colleges / implementation of health programmes, Public Health programmes & functions, etc.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj on his Jayanti.
And now International Solar Alliance will be a new dimension of our strong cooperation in international forums.
Addressing a public gathering on this occasion, he said, “Our neighbours’ intentions will be given a befitting reply by the people of India.
The Prime Minister will deliver the inaugural address at the Global Investors’ Summit – “Magnetic Maharashtra: Convergence 2018” .
Physical borders may be less relevant in this age of bits and bytes.
And sometimes when he makes speeches in Telugu, it seems that he is running super-fast.
India gave the message of good governance, non-violence and Satyagraha, he added.
“Earlier governments had made corruption a state of normalcy but we are uprooting this menace from the society.”
I am delighted to see so many of our young students here today.
The Bill also provides for Guardianship for minors.
More than 18 thousand Indian security personnel have lent their services in UN Peacekeeping Operations.
PM expressed appreciation for President Trump’s South Asia and Indo-Pacific strategies and commended his initiative for denuclearization of Korean Peninsula.
3. During the visit, Prime Minister Modi also met His Excellency Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nasser Bin Khalifa Al-Thani, Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior of the State of Qatar.
He said MSMEs must match global quality control standards.
This new memorial has been instituted in the heart of Delhi, in close vicinity of India Gate and Amar JawanJyoti.
The brutal terrorist attack in Pulwama shows that the time for discussions is over now.
He will also lay the Foundation Stone of the Srinagar Ring Road.
The MoU will also facilitate exchange of information, experts meetings, seminars, technical visits and implementation of jointly agreed cooperation, projects.
I am fortunate to have been blessed by him.
It provides consultancy and turnkey project execution service from concept to completion, in the field of telecommunications, IT and civil infrastructure.
“We should not be satisfied only with the political democracy.
Unsafe dams are a hazard and dam break may cause disasters, leading to huge loss of life and property.
The South African freedom struggle also has many heroes among you.
Our aim should be to ensure that the whole of our efforts and actions is always greater than the sum of the various parts.
This is the power of our tourism.
• Exchange know-how and explore cooperation in the area of railways, such asrailway policy development, safety, training and operation and maintenance of railways.
Dear scientists,
The Prime Minister said India can achieve a lot in football.
Prime Minister Turnbull thanked the Prime Minister for the success of his recent visit to India.
The Prime Minister said that the roadmap for New India, is the fulfillment of the aspirations of its people, through Jan Bhagidaari (people’s participation).
The Prime Minister noted that the vision of the government of Maldives, of a transparent, accountable, and rule-based administration sends a welcome message to regain the confidence of Indian business persons.
Their remarkable work inspires every Indian,” the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working on various schemes with clear targets and timelines.
The Prime Minister exhorted farmers to use sprinkler and drip irrigation, latest farming techniques, and solar pumps.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in his view, we can be more history conscious as a society, and preserve aspects of our history much better.
I am reminded of one Sanskrit Shloka-
The Budget has laid emphasis on increasing the employment opportunities.
The Prime Minister said, “Congratulations to the people of Chennai on the city’s inclusion in the UNESCO Creative Cities Network for its rich musical tradition.
He devoted his entire life serving the nation and worked among the masses and dedicated and sacrificed his life for the upliftment of the Poor & Working Class at the same time.
The previous chapters were held in Johannesburg, South Africa (2014), New Delhi, India (2010) and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania (2007).
Also, NJMC has no staff/workers on its rolls.
There are abundant business and investment opportunities in pharmaceuticals, oil & gas, heavy machinery and equipment.
We have taken several steps for surface cleaning and to stop industrial pollution.
Similarly those receiving Rs. 2200, would now get Rs. 3500.
A strong foundation comes from discipline.
Let me turn to those that are closest to us in terms of geography and shared interests.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the importance of value addition in farming.
The people of India have seen the work a Government with a full majority can do.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of versatile actor Shashi Kapoor.
CIRDAP has one sub – regional office in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Mr. Shanmugaratnam briefed the Prime Minister on the status of various bilateral cooperation initiatives, especially in the areas of Skill Development and Smart Cities.
The law is taking its own course.
Incidence of TB per lakh population has been reduced to 204 in 2017 from 211 in 2016.
3. Illicit Finance, Illegal Smuggling of Cash, Financial Fraud and Counterfeiting;
Now, about three thousand small and medium merchants have this privilege through the new Special Notified Zone.
I thank Speaker Paul Ryan for inviting me to speak to Congressmen and Senators.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Morocco on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters.
• The proposal must start from the Boards of Banks.
f) To exchange visits of Tour Operators / Media /Opinion Makers for promotion of two way tourism
The identified areas of cooperation include high-speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world-class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure, etc.
Shri Narendra Modi also emphasized on the need for water conservation, and spoke about the various initiatives taken by the Union Government for the welfare of the farmers, such as crop insurance.
After Independence, in order to realize the dreams of such great personalities, to meet the aspirations of freedom fighters and to fulfill the hopes and expectations of the citizens of the country, India drafted an inclusive Constitution under the leadership of respected Baba Saheb Ambedkar ji.
The MoU will provide an opportunity to the ICAI members to expand their professional horizon and simultaneously ICAI will become an entity to aid strengthen brand building of local nations.
A further sum of Rs. 1584 crore for project development activities of four additional corridors and NICDIT’s administrative expenses upto 31.03.2022 has been provided.
‘One District One Product’ scheme is aimed at enhancing the skills of local people and increasing the reach of the indigenous trades, crafts and products from small towns and small districts in the state.
Now some people may ask why I have picked up those two years only.
So if possible, effort should be to plan for things that are estimated to be required after 25-30 years.
Change not just of attitudes but of mindsets.
He said India is happy to see political stability in Nepal.
We have in our memory the story of squirrel which became an agent of change.
Now all this is not in the Labour Department’s registration.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated Phase-II of the Rashtrapati Bhavan Museum, in the presence of President Pranab Mukherjee, Vice President Hamid Ansari and other dignitaries.
75. We underscore the role that Multilateral Development Banks (MDBs), in particular, the New Development Bank (NDB), are playing in catalysing private sector financing for public infrastructure and investment.
In conclusion, let me say that your achievements, your contributions and your success makes us all proud.
Minister of Home Affairs Shri Rajnath Singh, Minster of State for Home Affairs Shri Kiren Rijiju, and senior officers of the Prime Minister’s Office, Ministry of Home Affairs and National Disaster Management Authority were present during the function.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Kazakhstan.
His was a life devoted to alleviating suffering and removing injustice from society.
New places, new cities, new towns, new villages, new areas.
He said Yoga’s popularity is high even outside India; and Yoga has connected the world with India.
He said both have won over each other.
Strong ties between the people of our two countries are an important base and benchmark of our linkages.
This figure shows the enthusiasm and inclination of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards the self employment.
This institute will also conduct research on prevalent regional diseases and other health issues and provide for better control and cure of such diseases.
The beneficiaries mentioned that the low cost of the medicines have enabled them to save money while getting proper medication.
Whether it is for the kitchen of a common manor for an aircraft,energy is essential.
In the Gospel According to Saint Luke, it is written that – “Jesus not only served the poor but also praised the service done by the poor,” and this is what real empowerment is.
This will encourage manufacturers to set-up manufacturing facilities in India with a long-term perspective.
New AIIMS will add around 750 hospital beds.
India was a little late in realizing that this bi polar situation was for namesake.
Addressing the gathering at the BJ Medical College Ground, the Prime Minister said that it is an historic day, as the dream of Ahmedabad Metro has come into fruition.
However, what is appropriate as per the time and which is useful in making of the future, if we take pride in our great legacy of this kind then the world too will never hesitate in taking pride in that.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of new Air Services Agreement (ASA) between India and Fiji.
The extent and magnitude of our contribution will surprise the world.
It is a matter of great pleasure for us that President Ramaphosa, an integral friend of India, is present among us today.
Recently, major amendments have been made to the Arbitration and Conciliation Act.
The beneficiaries have Aadhaar cards, and have been selected based on the 2015 socio-economic survey.
This has resulted in huge energy savings.We have installed transmission lines at an unprecedented pace.
I have been told a few days ago that in places where this work is being carried out properly nearly 3 to 11 tonnes of garbage are being taken out of the river every day.
15. We have provided a safety net through new social security schemes.
He also mentioned the two books on Prime Minister’s Awards, and on Initiatives in Aspirational Districts, which were released today.
According to him the industry was an effective medium by which jobs could be made available to the poorest of the poor and the poorer.
Cranganore is where Jews enjoyed religious and cultural autonomy for centuries, before they moved to Cochin and other places in Malabar.
The amendment will continue to provide a wider pool of professionals for selection by impact allowing the candidates from State Public Sector Enterprises (SPSEs) and private Sector to be considered for senior positions in the Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs).
Sun worship or Chhath Pooja is a festival of protecting the environment, ushering in wellness and discipline.
After the Bill becomes an Act, members of the community included in the list of Scheduled Castes will be able to derive benefits meant for Scheduled Castes under the existing schemes.
An amendment in the Acts is required whenever there is any proposal for revision of salaries/pension gratuity, allowances etc. in respect of Judges of Supreme Court and High Courts.
I believe there have been a lot of problems.
PM warns the perpetrators and those aiding and abetting terrorists that they have made a big mistake and will have to pay a heavy price
Dear countrymen, you may be knowing that I have tried to send a letter, to be delivered personally through my representatives, to all those who surrendered their cooking gas subsidy on my appeal.
PM MODI: No, he was not from my party.
During Diwali, Khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise.
How would society be a thousand years ago?
The MoU was signed in March, 2018.
To promote research partnership in areas like Renewable Energy, Electronics including Robotics/IoT, Advanced Materials, etc.
The agreement will ensure exchange of best practices and setting up of coordinated measures to foster technological exchanges in the field of Science, Technology and Innovation through collaboration between companies, organizations and institutions of France and India.
We are also partnering to strengthen our security cooperation and capacities.
Only then, we can realise the India of our dreams.
I call upon the youth, the trading community, and farmers to connect with BHIM as much as possible.
Please come forward, let us further intensify our efforts by keeping our responsibility in the mind.
Please change this situation.”
If we talk about providing smoke free LPG gas connection to the poor and to the poor mothers, at the rate in which it was done in 2013, it could not have been completed even in a 100 years.
And, built meaningful development partnerships on the solid foundation of decades of traditional friendship and historical links.
After becoming member, India will initiate R&D in other areas of its interest in advanced biofuels and other motor fuels in view of their crucial role in substituting fossil fuel imports.
“Pradhan Mantri Ji, I am Shilpi Varma speaking from Bengaluru.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured in Mandi district, Himachal Pradesh.
Our scientific ecosystem must connect directly with innovators and entrepreneurs to cultivate, channelize and empower them.
Queen Maxima appreciated the progress achieved by these initiatives.
Are your activities ecofriendly, environment friendly or otherwise?
Tilting Trains
Thousands of youth are eager to participate in this hackothon beginning on 29 July.
In the case of elderly patients, he would even bear the cost of their travelling to and fro.
President Atambayev and I held extensive discussions on the full range of our bilateral engagement.
Key Features of the tunnel
To offer advice or suggest a solution, are part of our nature.
This finally leads to India becoming a place with better quality of life and higher living standards.
They have shared their pain and sorrow with me, but also emphasized their support.
(iv) The MUSK would be maintained as a Reserve Fund in the non-interest bearing section of the Public Accounts of India.
She received a Mudra loan of Rs. 1 lakh.
In his address, the Prime Minister encouraged everyone to undertake ‘Sankalp’ of positive contribution for the nation by 2022, when the nation celebrates its 75th year of Independence.
The theme “Women First, Prosperity for All” makes this edition of GES stand out.
He also mentioned other high level bilateral engagements between India and other African nations.
250 fishermen from Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka have landed safely at Lakshadweep on 3rd December.
I sincerely hope that India’s journey on the path of advancement & progress continues through 2019 too.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the date of its signing and shall remain in force for a period of five (5) years, being automatically extended for subsequent periods of five (5) years.
That is how we have come here:
It will also include any other subject that is relevant to the common DGAC and DGCA areas of interest.
The staff of the UN and diplomats from across the world participated.
Prime Minister later addressed the gathering.
Diversity is not a cause of conflict for us.
Meeting of BRICS Energy Ministers 90.
Earlier in October 2015, family members of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had met PM and requested for declassification of the files relating to Netaji, available with the Government of India.
28. The Indian side invited Qatar to invest in India’s exploration & production sector by bidding for the exploration blocks in India under the new “Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing” Policy and “Discovered Small Fields” Policy.
PM visited Guwahati as a part of his visit to Arunachal, Assam and Tripura.
Are not all the poor, the miserable, the weak, god?
Vietnam is a strong pillar of India’s Act East Policy.
· BRICS Legal Forum (Cape Town)
The Prime Minister will then arrive at the venue of the public meeting.
Five Heads of States who grace the occasion were the President of Uzbekistan, Shavkat Mirziyoyev along with the Prime Ministers of Denmark, Lars Løkke Rasmussen; Czech Republic, Andrej Babis & Malta, Dr Joseph Muscat.
Only in the event of extraordinary costs exceeding USD 500, the same will be borne by India.
The relationship developed over the past few years is strategic in nature and of Mutual benefit.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives and devastation due to tsunami and earthquake in Central Sulawesi in Indonesia.
He unveiled plaques to mark the laying of Foundation Stone for construction of the Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Convention Centre; and the development of the 14th and 16th General Cargo Berth.
Normally, the first pregnancy of a woman exposes her to new kinds of challenges and stress factors.
He added that India is now the 6th largest economy and close to becoming $5 trillion economy.
This event marks another major achievement in the development partnership of India and Sri Lanka.
India’s dialogue on terrorism, the losses India has suffered due to terrorism, the losses suffered by humanity, the world is now acknowledging that.
He said that the real essence of a democracy is Jan Bhagidari and integrating people in the development journey of cities, and villages.
This too was an act of valour on part of our soldiers on the path to peace.
Then he retired.
And, we welcome it.
He has laid the Foundation Stone for the Shivaji memorial just off the coast of Mumbai, in the Arabian Sea.
In about seventy-two hours from now, the world would be celebrating the second anniversary of the International day of Yoga on 21 June.
In the Holy Quran, river is central to the image of Paradise.
Riddhiraj Kumar presented a cheque of Rs. 18,000 to the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi as donation for Army Welfare Fund.
Thirty Operational Flights of PSLV
He said that it is due to the people of Uttar Pradesh that the nation has got a strong and stable Government.
The Prime Minister encouraged the young officers to imbibe the best from the experiences that they would have had, during their attachment to various Ministries as part of this programme.
He also directed the road and surface transport ministry to take effective steps for the repair of roads damaged by the flood.
India is expected to consume more oil in 2040 than the whole of Europe.
He visited a Haat Bazaar Health Kiosk and interacted with health workers.
The Prime Minister encouraged the Officer Trainees to become more tech-savvy and engage fully with the State governments and diaspora, who are increasingly important stakeholders in the conduct of foreign relations.
Mr. Kim promised the World Bank’s unflinching and continued support to India’s initiatives on ease of doing business.
Nation building was linked with the young generation of the country and given priority over security of the nation.
Traders should adopt this scheme themselves and should encourage their customers too in order to make their business cashless.
He saw the manifestation of God in Human beings, and Human beings in God.
5. The bilateral discussions were held in the spirit of strong friendship that binds the two countries and their leaders.
People wanted inclusive growth, not votebank politics.
We should do this.
“Saddened by the demise of Captain Jai Narain Prasad Nishad Ji.
A few may even have been attending it since inception.
Over 100 beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana, from across the country, today interacted with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, at his residence.
The Officer Trainees interacted with the Prime Minister on a range of subjects, including the recent Union Budget, increasing the taxpayer base, and themes such as innovation and technology.
Just a couple of days ago, we celebrated our Republic Day festival with gaiety fervour.
We need to conserve water and recycle water, he added.
Economic Partnership
In no time, “Selfie with Daughter” became a big campaign not only in India but across the whole world.
Name: Prakash Javadekar
Expenditure for hosting the Secretariat will be borne by Belmont Forum member countries in kind or cash contribution.
On September 24, the Prime Minister will inaugurate Pakyong Airport, which will bring the State of Sikkim on the country’s aviation map.
Brothers and sisters, But, as soon as the GDP growth slowed down to 6.1 and 5.7% in the two quarters the same data started appearing correct to those Shalya mentality economists.
It seeks to promote quality of care, focus is on emerging diseases and investment in promotive and preventive healthcare.
Cabinet’s approval for establishing additional 6.5 MMT Strategic Petroleum Reserve facilities will provide an additional supply of about 12 days and is expected to augment India’s energy security.
17. They welcomed the signing of the MoU between National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved the launch of a new Centrally Sponsored Ayushman Bharat -National Health Protection Mission (AB-NHPM) having central sector component under Ayushman Bharat Mission anchored in the MoHFW.
During the visit, Prime Minister Rasmussen will inaugurate the Danish Cultural Institute and the new building of Danish Embassy in New Delhi on 19 January 2019.
There is no financial implications at present.
19. Strengthen cooperation in ICT to enhance ICT policies, build capacity, improve digital connectivity, infrastructure and services, develop ICT human resources through the establishment of Centers of Excellence in Software Development and Training (CESDT) in some ASEAN Member States, encourage ICT start-ups, and explore emerging technologies for adoption; in synergy with the Master Plan on ASEAN Connectivity 2025 and the ASEAN ICT Master Plan 2020, respectively.
In the context of the foundation stone for the new railway line, the Prime Minister said a long pending demand of the people would now be fulfilled.
The ban imposed on Jallikattu by the Supreme Court came up for discussion.
Be it our coast line or our borders, the space or the cyberspace, India is capable of ensuring its own security and strong enough to ward off any threats against the country.
At Junagadh, the Prime Minister will inaugurate several development projects.
Brothers and sisters, why does it happen?
We believe access to clean cooking fuelis very important to improve standards of living.
(iv) Every person who was receiving any retirement benefit from the Board of Trustees under the Major Port Trust Act, 1963 immediately before such date, shall continue to receive the same benefit from the Board.
It is of Incredible opportunities, and about India’s Credible Policies.
The Rt. Hon. Priti Patel MP, UK Secretary of State for International Development called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Women’s welfare is a priority for our Government.
These facilities will transform Assam into oil and natural gas hub and boost India’s economy, he added.
Noting that this ferry service is a first of sorts, the Prime Minister said it is a dream come true for people of Gujarat.
Our societies enjoy a cultural connect that is centuries old.
Minister of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises.
Different taxes across different states have made goods and services more expensive.
I believe that all the members of the House will move ahead with this spirit.
With so much to do, have you ever thought of spending a couple of moments gazing at the sky, looking with wonder at the flora around you, lightening your spirits a bit!
He will inaugurate the 10th edition of Defence Expo, DefExpo-2018 in Chennai at Tiruvidanthal, in Kancheepuram district.
I was reminded about 1999 the she stood outside Rashtrapati Bhavan and said- we have 272 and more are joining us.
On the occasion of Buddha Jayanti, Prime Minister Narendra Modi joined the celebrations at Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium, in New Delhi.
Addressing a large public meeting, the Prime Minister said that he is delighted to come to a land closely associated with the great poet Ramdhari Singh Dinkar Ji.
But, also engineers a modern network of ports, airports, rail and road for them to serve as gateways of economic prosperity for our people.
He kept on breaking his own records consecutively and consistently for about twenty years, everytime surpassing and outdoing himself and thus continuously forging ahead.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been conferred with Amir Amanullah Khan Award, Afghanistan’s highest civilian honour.
After a year of hard work, one has the opportunity to display one’s capabilities, so this should be a festival of joy and enthusiasm.
We consider it our privilege to be a trusted partner in meeting Tanzania’s development priorities.
Noting that the relationship between the two countries was elevated to strategic partnership during his visit to Canada in 2015, the Prime Minister stressed the importance of strengthening bilateral cooperation in diverse spheres.
ARNAB: Can there be a timebound resolution in this?
The lunar and solar Calendars based on the movement of earth with respect to moon and sun decide the occurrence and dates of our festivals.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of their mission.
It so happened that once I was interacting with Indian youth in San Jose town of America hailed as a Technology Hub.
61. We strongly acknowledge that skills development is critical to addressing the emerging mismatch between the new skills demanded by an increasingly technology-and knowledge-driven global economy and the older skill set of many workers.
The Special Notified Zone at the Bharat Diamond Bourse became operational in November, 2015.
PM also dedicated to the nation mounded storage facility by Indian Oil at its Kochi LPG based bottling Plant at a cost of Rs 50 crores.
However even after years, such major events the memory of such major events are source of inspiration for the people.
We have to change laws, eliminate unnecessary procedures, speed up processes and adopt technology.
It is an opportunity to test my endeavors on this touchstone.
The transfer of such prisoners to their own native countries shall facilitate their social rehabilitation.
Similarly, India’s low vehicle penetration makes it one of the world’s most attractive auto markets.
Let me share with you, I have heard that since 8th November you all have been immersed in more work like never before in your careers.
The two leaders noted the current level of bilateral trade and expressed the desire to enhance and diversify the trade basket including addressing the trade imbalance and to facilitate trade between the two countries.
Many people have written about the address in Chicago.
The International Labour Conference of ILO at its 106th Session held in Geneva in June, 2015 adopted the Recommendation.
PM will distribute cheques to select beneficiaries to mark the launch of DBT scheme for farmers to purchase mobile phones under e-NAM.
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
The Prime Minister comprehensively reviewed the “Crime and Criminal Tracking Network and Systems” (CCTNS).
The high level review meeting was attended by officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and other Ministries.
The Central Sector Scheme, Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY) was first announced in August 2003 with the primary objective of correcting the regional imbalances in availability of affordable/reliable tertiary level healthcare in the country in general, and to augment facilities for quality medical education in under-served or backward States, in particular.
Once you do that, even if you achieve less than what you had expected, you will not be disappointed.
The Prime Minister said that out of 100 airports in the country today, 35 have been operationalized in the last four years.
When our people are under attack, the brave Afghans guard us as their own.
89. We stress the importance for the BRICS countries to cooperate in matters related to outer space and we confirm our support to strengthening current initiatives in this field.
The Weighted Average Rate shall be determined operator wise for each service area.
25. We reaffirm and support the establishment of the BRICS Agricultural Research Platform (ARP) initiated by India in 2016.
The MoU will envisage cooperation in the priority areas for the development of transport education.
a) Support to small businesses and start ups
Reiterating his endeavour to bring basic amenities to the villages from clean cooking fuel to electricity and healthcare to financial services, PM said it is in line with our mission and the idea of ‘Gramuday to Bharatuday’.
This occasion is celebrated as ‘National Sports Day’ throughout the country.
“Extremely proud of our youngsters!
(f) Convicted prisoners who have completed two-third (66%) of their actual sentence period.
The Committee also credited Prime Minister for his contribution towards regional and global peace through a proactive foreign policy with countries around the world under the ‘Modi Doctrine’ and the ‘Act East Policy.’
A single-window facilitation cell provides handholding for foreign investors.
Officials explained the steps taken towards speeding up the grant of patents and trademarks, including enhanced manpower.
Today, I am informed that throughout the State, Amma’s ashram has already completed construction of two thousand toilets.
He said that developing a close rapport with people, is one of the keys to achieving success in their tasks and objectives.
vii. Technology development and R&D projects
Regional and International Cooperation has an important role in providing an added push to our efforts.
The Air Force defeated the enemy at Tiger Hill by carrying out air sorties on their positions round the clock.
A free press is the cornerstone of a vibrant democracy.
There are some basic differences.
Prime Minister reiterated India’s commitment to extend full support to Afghanistan’s efforts for building a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
As many as 400 companies have been found to be operating from one address.
33. With regards to regional connectivity projects, both sides agreed that they should be based on international law including respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity of states.
Anguished by his demise.
The projects reviewed today, include the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, and construction of four new AIIMS at Manglagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra, and Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
The financial resources necessary to conduct research, training courses, conferences / meetings will be met from the existing allocated budget and existing plan schemes of Ministry of AYUSH.
Continued availability of water for agriculture is of importance.
6. The Quit India Movement was “Bharat Chhodo,” but the call today is “Bharat Jodo.”
We have launched a programme to provide high-speed broad-band internet to all rural areas by March 2019.
Reiterating the vision to double farmers’ incomes by 2022, the Prime Minister asserted that the aim is to accomplish tasks which seem extremely difficult.
as to which aspirational district will progress fastest.
He will unveil also a plaque to mark the commencement of phase-2 of BharatNet.
Presently, passengers commuting from Kalyan to Vashi/ Panvel or in reverse direction, have to get down at Thane and take Trans Harbour link.
The peaceful atmosphere at the Kumbh Mela gives moments of tranquillity to the soul.
The Nagaland GB Federation is a body of Gaon Burahs (village chieftains) of all the Naga villages.
To this end, and to strengthen ISA together, the United States and India will jointly launch the third Initiative of the ISA which will focus on off-grid solar for energy access at the Founding Conference of ISA in September, 2016 in India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend Ashara Mubaraka – Commemoration of the Martyrdom of Imam Husain (SA), organized by the Dawoodi Bohra community, at Indore on September 14, 2018.
provision of media coverage of the joint scientific activity aimed at the popularization of science;
He said States should formulate policies that promote corporate investment in areas such as warehousing, transportation, value addition and food processing etc.
9. The Sides welcomed the outcomes of the 23rd meeting, co-chaired by Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation Yuri I. Borisov and Minister of External Affairs of the Republic of India SushmaSwaraj, of the India – Russia Intergovernmental Commission on Trade, Economy, Science, Technology and Cultural Cooperation, held in Moscow on September 14, 2018.
ASEAN’s remarkable journey is indeed worthy of reflection as much as it is of celebration.
Some of the salient features of the Programme include:
Over the years the company has diversified into other civil infrastructure construction projects.
2. Total completion cost of the project is Rs.1,967 crore.
He released a commemorative postal stamp, coin, and First Day Cover, to mark the 75th anniversary of the hoisting of Tricolour on Indian soil by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
Creation of regular posts in the AFHQ Civil Service will alleviate stagnation the cadre.
You spoke about a serious topic in a interesting manner.
He conveyed India’s readiness to consider further requirements of Afghanistan for capacity and capability building in spheres such as education, health, agriculture, skill development, empowerment of women, energy, infrastructure and strengthening of democratic institutions.
This MoU is also beneficial for implementation of the cooperation between the two parties for imparting training of engineers, technicians, managers etc.
Best practices from grass root level in the rural areas for Swachh Bharat will be shared by them.
The primary role of NSDA has been to anchor and operationalize the National Skills Qualification Framework (NSQF) to ensure that quality and standards meet sector specific requirements.
Prime Minister congratulated the nation on theproud occasion of 75thanniversary of formation of Azad Hind Government.
This is reflected in a variety of challenges including rising trade conflicts, geopolitical risks, commodity price volatility, high private and public indebtedness, inequality and not sufficiently inclusive growth.
We have changed our policies to allow women in combat roles in the armed forces.
Made in India and Made by Japan combination has already started to work and converge wonderfully.
As the population increases, land falls short.
Being acutely aware of the growing threat to our planet from climate change, and in particular to the lives and livelihoods of peoples in the Bay of Bengal region, we resolve to strengthen cooperation to protect and preserve the environment.
We want each Afghan to flourish and your society to be benefited from fruits of economic growth.
Someone gave me a suggestion.
Prime Minister Modi briefed President Widodo about his government’s efforts to transform India through innovative initiatives such as “Make in India”, “Digital India”, “Skill India”, “Smart City”, “Swachh Bharat” and “Start-Up India” and invited Indonesian business to avail of the opportunities presented.
I wish all of you a great year 2019 and do hope that you all to enjoy the oncoming festive season.
But the government only engages with a democratically elected system.
The Prime Minister urged the delegates assembled for the Conference to work towards implementing Ek Bharat, Shreshth Bharat, through various mutual initiatives between States.
Its main objective is to enhance, stimulate and develop the skills of Indian youth force by various sector specific programmes.
When we witness new technology, or a new scientific feat, we are left overwhelmed with joy.
Out of these, 11,690 are freedom fighters themselves, 24,792 are spouses (widows/ widowers) and 1,490 are daughter pensioners.
Today, if mother Ganga were not there then how terrible the situation would have been?
The Prime Minister will address the gathering.
He saluted the jawans of the security forces and police forces.
The 14thFinance Commission was set up on 02.01.2013 to make recommendations covering the period of five years commencing on 1st April, 2015.
Farmer in the village, can sell the crops to the best markets in the country through his mobile phone.
PM to visit Hazira, Silvassa and Mumbai on 19th January, 2019
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
We will stand in solidarity with your endeavours, in transparency, with respect and on the principle of equality.
The situation is being closely monitored and officials are ensuring normalcy is restored”, the Prime Minister said.
Past Legislative experience: He has been the Member of Parliament for the 11th, 12th and 13th Lok Sabha representing the Sadar and Chandni Chowk constituencies of Delhi.
They tied Rakhi on the Prime Minister’s wrist.
Apart from the events for the World Economic Forum, I look forward to my separate bilateral meetings with the President of the Swiss Confederation H. E. Mr. Alain_Berset and Prime Minister of Sweden H. E. Mr. Stefan Lofven.
If you keep going, then even fear will be afraid.
I am happy that the villagers of Jammu and Kashmir will have this opportunity in the coming months.
Condolences to the bereaved families.
The effort to reach every person through the means that are best suited to them continued over time.
The bank that he was seeing from afar, now he is able to enter that bank.
5. Keeping in mind the supply of new notes, in the first few days, there will be a limit of ten thousand rupees per day and twenty thousand rupees per week.
On the occasion of Diwali, Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Kedarnath today.
Paddy crops for which large amount of water is used.
The decision would facilitate consolidation among the Nationalised Banks to create strong and competitive banks.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Tuesday (20th September) chaired a high-level meeting to review the steps towards holistic development of islands.
I have returned from Aligarh, just a little while ago.
International Training Centre (ITC) of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) was established in 1964 in Turin.
And it can’t be done without the help of my youth.
In accordance with the spirit of UN Conventions on Narcotic Drugs, effort is made to enter into Bilateral Agreements/MoUs with neighbouring countries and the countries which have a direct bearing on the drug situation prevailing in our country.
Who amongst us would not have enjoyed playing Gilli-Danda in our childhood?
The Union Cabinet met under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and condoled the demise of Dr. M. Karunanidhi, former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu who passed away on 7.8.2018 at Kauvery Hospital in Chennai.
(Nursing) seats.
The two sides stressed on continuation of the India-Saudi Arabia Energy consultations.
Facilitating foreign investment 7.
The activities supported by the Joint Fund would increase the techno-economic collaboration between the two countries by investing in jointly developed technology projects and collaborations based on technological innovation.
He also wished them success in their mission.
They expressed satisfaction over the deep trust, mutual respect and goodwill that characterizes relations between India and Russia.
India has always been an inspiration for others in terms of intellectual capability and enterprise.
Our trade volume has reached 21.5 billion Dollars for the calendar year 2018.
The salient features are as follows:-
PM summed up his address, saying these efforts of the foundation showcase the importance of transition of ‘I’ to ‘We’, when we rise above ourselves and think about society.
f. Collaboration on research and studies on aviation safety interest topics and issues of mutual interest.
He also recalled their meeting in Pune in 2013.
India has had good diplomatic relations with Austria since the establishment of bilateral ties between the two countries in 1949.
In the same vein, he said officers at the level of Director and Deputy Secretary must create teams, to achieve better results.
The study has been completed successfully and is under publication.
They are the messengers of the intent and policies of the Government, in far-flung areas.
In the last two and half years, we have partnered with almost all our neighbours to bring the region together.
What are the kinds of suggestions, what are the kinds of complaints and what are the experiences of the people?
Democracy cannot succeed without constructive criticism.
The economies of India and Russia complement each other in the energy sector.
National Book Trust will publish Gurbani in different Indian languages.
The Board of assessment and rating to assess and grant permission to educational institutions of Homoeopathy and Board of ethics and registration of practitioners of Homoeopathy to maintain National Register and ethical issues relating to practice are under the National Commission forHomoeopathy.
It will promote understanding of best practices in food processing in the two countries and will help in improving the food processing sector as well as improved market access, leading to equity and inclusiveness.
the necessity of optimization of capital investment for generation capacity addition across the region; and
The Director shall act as the Secretary to the Institute as well as the Governing Body and support proper functioning and governance of the three AIIMS.
It is my hope and expectation that your next visit to India would not be such a brief one!
That was the period when the desire for freedom, its intensity, and spread were on the rise.
Memorandum of Understanding between JSC Belarusian Potash Company (BPC) and Indian Potash Ltd (IPL)
BRICS Rating Agency 5.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for devotees coming for the Ardh-Kumbh.
Over the years it has played a pivotal role in achieving the objective of food security for the country.
As a major attraction for pilgrims and tourists, a heritage complex at Sultanpur Lodhi, “Pind Babe Nanak da” will be established to depict life in the times of Shri Guru Nanak Devji.
He said sites related to faith, spirituality and history; along with the knowledge of Yoga and Ayurveda, are being actively publicized and promoted.
• Reduce Import Dependency: One crore lit of E10 saves Rs.28 crore of forex at current rates.
Our shared post-colonial heritage and the similarity of the challenges we face, make us natural partners.
He was informed that solar pumps are helping provide clean drinking water in remote and Naxalite affected areas of the country, particularly in South Bastar area of Chhattisgarh.
Now this is changing, he added.
India contributes over six per cent of global fish production.
Past administrative experience : Minister of State for Urban Affairs & Employment and Parliamentary Affairs during September,1995 – May,1996.
For the first time since banks were nationalized 47 years ago private sector professionals have been appointed in key positions.
My question to you over this is that, is it easy to do that as an Indian Prime Minister?
I assure you of all possible support from the Government.
Our battle to fight corruption has been going on since the day we assumed office, and a historic decision was taken on 8th November, the Prime Minister said.
I am hopeful that the level of awareness among the directors will be increased and companies will become more transparent following this cleansing operation against the shell companies.
It is clear to both of us that our cooperation has progressed on multiple fronts.
One of the focal points of ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations.
Ladies and gentlemen,
· India’s investment opportunities would get a boost.
“On the occasion of their Statehood Day, I convey my greetings to the people of Nagaland.
The Surat Airport Terminal building is being extended with a construction cost of Rs.354 crore with an area of over 25,500 square metres.
New laws and institutions for Bankruptcy and Insolvency as well as IPR and Arbitration are now in place.
Just as the five years from 1942 to 1947 were decisive for the country’s Independence, these five years from 2017 to 2022 can and must play a decisive role for the future of India.
As we strive to achieve Swachh Bharat by 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, I am touched by the constructive role that media has played, both in generating awareness and mass consciousness towards cleanliness.
The results are already visible on the ground.
India’s free trade agreements in the region are its oldest and among the most ambitious anywhere.
Processing and use of space data
Prime Minister described Russia as a time-tested and reliable friend and reaffirmed the shared commitment with President Putin to expand, strengthen and deepen bilateral engagement across all domains.
He noted that the young Indian wrestler, Bajrang Punia, who may never have met Atal ji, dedicated his gold medal at the Asian Games yesterday, to Atal ji.
On our part, we see Afghanistan as the hub for strengthening links of connectivity between South Asia and Central Asia.
Besides, there is a strong belief that the land in this area is iron-rich and these iron rich biscuits are very good for pregnant women as they overcome the deficiency of iron.
The Prime Minister said that when youth assumes a leadership role, goals are sure to be achieved.
Our intention is not to lecture, but to listen.
The Home Minister also announced release of Rs. 100 Cr. in advance from the NDRF.
The Institute will have nine Departments/Centres and will conduct 12 courses to offer diploma, certificate, graduate, post graduate, M.Phil degrees in the area of mental health rehabilitation.
Salient Features of Admirability Bill, 2016
Today, we have successfully held the 3rd Meeting of the India-South Africa CEOs Forum.
Prime Minister Rutte first came to India in 2015.
Exchange and dissemination of best practices, experiences and knowledge on IP with industry, Universities, research and development organizations and Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs) through participation in programs, training, and events, organised singly or jointly by the participants;
It was a personal trip but it still had some level of importance.
“Extremely pained by the derailment of the Utkal Express in Muzaffarnagar.
Protocol for Consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and MEA for the period 2019-2023
We have also taken a decision to renew the life of the Coast Guard Ship Guardian, that was provided to Mauritius, under a grant assistance programme.
When he expands his work, if he is currently employing one person, now he has to employ two people.
36. Welcome and appreciate India’s continued support for ASEAN’s efforts in narrowing the development gap within and between ASEAN Member States by implementing the IAI Work Plan III.
and other providing physical infrastructure for all and particularly for generation next to shape their future as per their dreams.
We also have electricityin almost all households now.
Culture First signed in 1975
The State Counsellor of Myanmar expressed her deep appreciation for the invitation.
We want to make India a global manufacturing hub.
Science has also demonstrated that through Yoga, it is possible to exercise control over the functions of many organs in the body including heart, brain, and endocrine glands.
If the new member does three transactions, performs financial business thrice, you stand to earn ten rupees for that.
Thirty nine Officer Trainees of Indian Foreign Service, currently undergoing training in the Foreign Service Institute, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
To those who are exploring, I promise you that we are committed to further refine our policies and procedures to boost Make in India.
Several youngsters went to the gallows .
To give you an example, I came across an innovation for our poor fishermen brethren.
Once, in Mann Ki Baat, I had mentioned about a retired teacher from Maharashtra Shriman Chandrakant Kulkarni who donated 51 post – dated cheques of Rs. 5,000/- each for the cleanliness drive out of his total monthly pension of Rs. 16,000/-.
Interacting informally with the Prime Minister, they shared their vision of a prosperous, corruption-free India.
Handwritten over a hundred years ago, the scroll had been dedicated to the Paradesi Synagogue in Kochi that had been built in 1568.
We changed this with UjjwalaYojana, which provided cleaner cooking options to 58 million women.
The Prime Minister said that the task of constructing toilets was undertaken in mission mode.
We need to think big and also think innovatively.
The MoU will promote bilateral relationship between India and Belarus and it is envisaged to enhance the economic and commercial cooperation between the two sides in oil and natural gas sector.
Once the Bill is passed, marriages performed by NRIs would be registered in India or Indian Missions & Posts abroad, and necessary changes would be carried out in the:
Children are the emerging heroes in the creation of new India.
Shri Narendra Modi’s call had such an impact that the sale of Khadi products showed a quantum jump.
iv. Government will carry out a National Aerogeophysical Program for acquiring state-of-the-art baseline data for targeting concealed mineral deposits.
Our ties with Japan, both economic and strategic, stand completely transformed in recent years.
Relief material and supplies were provided to inmates in relief camps set up by the government agencies.
Three years ago, I had the opportunity to be present at Amritapuri, to pay my respects on the occasion of Amma’s 60th birthday celebrations.
Time and again we keep hearing people utter ‘There is something special that we as a people possess… no threat is big enough to annihilate our existence’.
· An economy that is known for its red tape, to one known for its red carpet.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Uttarakhand on Uttarakhand Foundation Day.
To change the name of the Society to “National Centre for Drinking Water, Sanitation and Quality” in place of “International Centre for Drinking Water Quality”.
My extensive conversation with President today focused on the full range of our cooperation.
“The songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika are admired by people across generations.
The Prime Minister earlier urged the people of the country to follow the path of devotion and sacrifice for the nation along the lines of Furu Gobind Singh jee in his monthly radio program, Mann Ki Baat on December 30, 2018.
Shri Sanwar Lal Jat worked extensively for wellbeing of villages and farmers.
India had earlier won the Asia Cup in Hockey in the years 2003 and 2007.
After independence the country is buying largest numbers of airplanes.
The Indian Side welcomed the Russian Federation’s early completion of destruction of its chemical weapons’ stockpiles, which represents a significant contribution to achieving the goal of creating a world free from chemical weapons.
Its only your fraternity which is authorized to Certify and Audit the entries in Account books and confirm whether they are correct or manipulated.
Our science agencies will expand science-driven entrepreneurship and commercialisation in a big way in each state according to local needs.
Sports has its own significance in every society.
My condolences”, the Prime Minister said.
In 2014, Prime Minister had spelt out his vision for the National War Memorial as a state-of-the-art world class monument.
This character, Shalya always used to discourage those who were in the battle field and spread despair.
Shri Narendra Modi said that conservation of water is a major challenge for us in this day and age.
The Prime Minister said that LED bulbs which earlier cost more than 350 rupees, are now available for 40 to 45 rupees under the Ujala scheme.
He also said that the Trust should organise special Mahotsavas in all major cities.
Saal Mubarak to Gujaratis across the world.
The policy will help generate committed business for the Major Ports on a long term basis by facilitating the development and operation of dedicated port facilities by industries which are substantially dependent on a particular Major Port for import and/or export of their cargo and thus play a catalytic role in the eventual realization of the objectives of Port led development.
Today, those projects worth thousands of crores of rupees for which the foundation stones have been laid, these projects are not for merely running the vehicles on them.
He said there are very few relations between, where the basis of the relationship is mutual trust.
More than forty countries have sent their official delegations as well.
These included the lack of formal research education, and little connectivity with the global scientific community.
This has already shown good results.
Not only has water been saved, the quality of water has also vastly improved with the water level increasing.
I hope that Yoga can become a binding force for the world.
Our complementarities make India and Japan a winning combination.
The railways reached Mizoram last year, with the inauguration of the rail line connecting Bhairabi in Mizoram with Silchar in Assam.
There would be fairs everywhere, festivities would be observed in temples and places of worship.
Thailand’s prime minister’s state visit to India in 2016 has made a long-lasting impact on bilateral relations.
The package includes a slew of measures which are labour friendly and would promote employment generation, economies of scale and boost exports.
The Prime Minister recalled the Golden Quadrilateral initiated by former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, and said it benefited farmers by connecting them to markets.
We will do it with dedication to see a great, majestic India by 2022.
The EU congratulated India on its admission to the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR).
These rapid developments in the digital domain have mirrored immense change in India as well.
We should have a comprehensive all-out scheme.
“Glad to know that people across Tripura marked the Jayanti of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with immense enthusiasm.
6000 rupees will be transferred directly to the bank accounts of pregnant women who undergo institutional delivery and vaccinate their children.
I had met Tomy earlier too Despite having faced such a tough situation; his grit & spirit, his determination to make another similar attempt is an inspiration for our younger generation.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during Ramzan.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for Memorandum of Understanding between India and Finland on cooperation in the field of peaceful uses of outer space.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting at Mysuru.
We are entering an era of energy abundance.
You can see that we are moving closer to global best practices.
It should be secured and nurtured.
The Governors explained opportunities for increasing interaction, people to people, and business links between their provinces, and India.
“I am grieved by the loss of lives caused due to cloudburst and heavy rain in parts of Uttarakhand.
A meagre tea vendor; today you will be surprised to know that the lives of more than 70 children are being illuminated through education due to his efforts.
You can even listen to it in your mother tongue.
Terming the Indian community as ambassadors of India in Japan, Prime Minister urged them to invest in India and to maintain cultural ties with the motherland.
By the way Mr Prime Minister it was a fantastic speech
The Program for Promoting Investment into India by Japan in the Field of Agriculture and Fisheries between Ministry of Agriculture & Farmer Welfare, India & Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, Japan.
Efforts are also made to use local materials in house construction.
This is what I gathered, learnt and understood from our countrymen during three years of the Mann Ki Baat campaign.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close cooperation between the Armed forces of India and Myanmar.
The project will be completed in five years in a phased manner.
But I also had the good fortune to practice Yoga in the rain for the first time.
As a responsible global citizen, India is committed to combating climate change, curbing emissions and ensuring a sustainable future.
And this mood of 125 crore countrymen I am sure that gone are the days when these handful peoples were able to do their likes putting country at stake.
The Prime Minister has also conveyed greetings and best wishes to Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti’s followers across the world, on the occasion of his annual Urs.
This upgrade comes after a gap of almost 14 years.
There was a time when the children in the family went out to play, the mother would first ask, “When will you come back home?”
He reiterated his view that leaders of neighbouring countries should have a relationship like neighbours, talking and visiting frequently, without getting bogged down by protocol.
We also agree to offer special and differential treatment for Least Developed Countries for their integration into the regional economy.
The Prime Minister urged the officials to work towards ensuring that the benefits from increase in solar energy capacity, reach the farmers, through appropriate interventions such as solar pumps, and user-friendly solar cooking solutions.
The Prime Minister urged the gathering to not limit their connect with India, to just an emotional one.
In this regard, the two leaders expressed the need for regular meetings under the umbrella of India-Saudi Arabia Ministerial Energy Dialogue.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
MoC between The Ministry of AYUSH of Republic of India and the Kanagawa Prefectural Government of Japan in the field of Healthcare and Wellness
On this holy event I shall get an opportunity to pay tributes to Lord Budha in Sri Lanka.
The power to eliminate one lakh companies with the stroke of a pen can come only from the inspiration of patriotism.
He interacted with a cross-section of people from 17 locations across the country, via video conferencing.
He also laid the Foundation Stone for 22 AMRUT projects at various locations.
Sadly, a few political parties, guided by Modi hatred have started hating India.
PM underlined the importance of the project saying that the youth can earn from near their hometown and need not migrate.
However, most of Indian institutions offering such courses lack standardisation.
It is the Highest Civilian honour bestowed by Afghan government to Afghan national as well as foreigners in appreciation of their services.
See, the exam you are going to appear at is the exam of what you have studied during this whole year.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns from April 01 to August 05 is 56 lakhs while in the same period last year only 22 lakh filed the returns..
When he turned eight he lost his father.
You too must be feeling happy with a sense of satisfaction at this mega sale in just one Khadi & Handloom store.
The cost is estimated to be Rs.1444.42 crore and total length of the road to be developed is approximately 80.820 kms.
AIM has multiple programs to encourage and support innovation in the country.
The expenditure for the operationalization of IIITDM Kurnool is incurred from the Plan funds of the Ministry of Human Resource Development.
We agreed that our common desire of economic prosperity for our societies is creating new opportunities for expanding our cooperation.
He will be in Jamnagar, Jaspur and Ahmedabad while in 5th March he will be in Adalaj and Vastral.
Shri Pranab Mukherjee said that the letter from the Prime Minister touched his heart.
• Exchange know-how and explore cooperation in the areas of electro-mobility as well as renewable fuels.
The Prime Minister appreciated the State of Goa, for its progress.
to authorize Inter-Ministerial Committee (IMC) to approve Substitution Agreements and approve other agreements, if any to be signed between FCIL/HFCL and HURL for the three projects at Gorakhpur, Sindri and Barauni.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a telephone call today to H. E. Dr. Angela Merkel to congratulate her on assuming office as the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany for the fourth successive term.
A large number of employment opportunities will be created in the process.
You must have seen during the 2014 elections that I fought elections on the issue of development.
The Prime Minister congratulated the media for furthering the message of Swachh Bharat and creating awareness.
The Union Government has devoted significant efforts to enhance connectivity all over the nation, the Prime Minister added.
The Ring Roads in Srinagar and Jammu are aimed at reducing traffic congestion at these cities and making road travel safer, faster, more convenient and more environment friendly.
Due to non-payment of salary & wages, it is very difficult for the employees to survive and meet their immediate financial obligations.
There would be plantation and due to the rains the plants would start growing within a year.
Government has shown is commitment to provide support and give wings to the hopes and aspirations of this rising middle class.
He will also interact with Safai Karmacharis at Prayagraj.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of bringing about an early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has strongly condemned the terror attack this morning in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir.
The Prime Minister said that India is proud of its scientists.
Brilliant ideas retain their relevance far beyond the time that they were mooted.
The knowledge gained will help in improving the services rendered to the patients suffering from end stage organ failure.
The satellite would provide services specific to individual countries as per their own needs and priorities, as also common services.
Dr. Than Htut, Director General, Ministry of Health and Sports, GOM
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Framework Agreement between India and Sao Tome & Principe on Cooperation in the Exploration and Uses of Outer Space for Peaceful Purposes.
He said that to honour those who are working to popularize Yoga, two awards will be instituted, one at the national level, and the other at the international level.
Prime Minister of Mauritius, Pravind Jugnauth to be the Chief Guest Theme of PBD 2019 – Role of Indian Diaspora in building New India
Distinguished dignitaries
PESO is a subordinate office under Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP).
The Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act, 2014 mandates that TPC shall establish a 4000 MW power facility in the Successor State Telengana, as mentioned in the Thirteenth Schedule of the Act.
The extant FDI policy does not have any provisions in respect of specification of auditors that can be appointed by the Indian investee companies receiving foreign investments.
The EU appreciated the positive role being played by India in extending development assistance in Afghanistan, including for building social and economic infrastructure, governance institutions and human resource development and capacity building.
H. E. Mr. Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
On disease control front, he said Government is committed to the elimination of Tuberculosis by 2025.
The Mission has been set up under NITI Aayog, in accordance with the Hon’ble Finance Minister’s declaration in the 2015 Budget Speech.
The North East, a land of beauty and adventure, has been hit by several natural calamities in the recent past, on account of heavy rain and landslides.
a) To create favourable conditions for long-term co-operation in the field of tourism for the mutual benefits.
• IPPB services shall be available at 650 IPPB branches and 3250 Access Points from 1st September 2018 and in all 1.55 lakh post offices (Access Points) by December 2018.
Those engaged in disturbing the harmony in the country are trying to take advantage of the situation.
The time has come for a confluence of individual dreams and the Nation’s dream.
14. The Sides appreciated the work done by “Invest India’’ to facilitate Russian investors in India and the planned launch of a “Single Window Service” by the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation for facilitating operation of Indian companies in Russia.
My thoughts are with his family, BJP Karyakartas and millions of admirers in this hour of sadness.
It was distressing to see the suffering of the affected people.
Test captain Virat Kohli batted extremely well and also provided inspiring leadership.
ARNAB: There was a lot of humour.
There is huge difference between to sometime to see something on television or reading about it in the book or listening about it from acquaintances and to experiencing the same thing yourself.
And, not just international, but a city with a humanitarian soul.
How can anyone deny the fact that corruption can destroy the country like a termite – be it a political corruption, social corruption, or personal corruption.
Female employees too, worked till late hours as part of this mission.
PM complimented the role of the residents of Kashi in making PBD successful with their warmth and hospitality.
Young friends, I want to have a chat with you too.
The European Investment Bank has lent over one billion Euros to India towards environmentally sustainable projects including the Lucknow Metro.
Early every morning, Jasmer Singh used to leave for work before Rajani and her siblings woke up.
My personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now a decade old.
He has another Master’s degree in Public Administration from Harvard University.
Capital expenditure on Railway and Road infrastructure has been hiked substantially in the budget.The Comprehensive package on digital economy will curb the tax evasion and check the circulation of black money.
As I have said earlier, both our countries reflect, in many ways, similar aspirations, challenges and opportunities, and can be inspired by each other’s successes.
Sunder Ji, what you say is absolutely correct.
After all it was humankind that chose the path of conflict with Nature and consequently earnt her periodic wrath.
Pahal has helped in identifying ghost accounts, multiple accounts and inactive accounts.
I thank Madame President for an extremely meaningful discussion and I’m keen to jointly work with you in the coming months.
Sharbati Devi, a 103 year old widow, today visited the PM’s residence, and tied a Rakhi on Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s wrist on the occasion of Raksha Bandhan.
The Bill will regulate surrogacy in India by establishing National Surrogacy Board at the central level and State Surrogacy Boards and Appropriate Authorities in the State and Union Territories.
You have done the nation proud.
The Union Finance Minister in his Budget speech for the Year 2014-15 had announced for setting up of four new AIIMS in Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
Can any one of you believe it?
The revised Agreement signifies an important landmark in the civil aviation relations between India and Nigeria and has the potential to spur greater trade, investment, tourism and cultural exchanges between the two countries.
Kudankulam 1 is an important addition to India’s continuing efforts to scale up production of clean energy in India.
And with this belief, India has been cooperating very actively in various important initiatives taken by the UN.
He said those that deal only in lies, are casting aspersions on the Defence Ministry, on the Air Force, and even on a foreign government.
The proposal will add to improved connectivity to the State capital.
• It is a single-tube bi-directional tunnel, with a 9.35 metre carriageway, and a vertical clearance of 5 metres.
I offer my tributes to Dhyan Chand ji and wish to remind you all about his invaluable contribution.
He thanked all the people who had property around the temple, and have allowed its acquisition for the project.
Today this Dr Ambedkar International Centre is a living example of the fact that this government’s schemes do not get stuck midway.
Lord Buddha was the fountainhead of egalitarianism, peace, harmony and brotherhood.
He will also visit the New Cancer Hospital and Eye Hospital in Ahmedabad.
Now as part of this exercise, RBI’s recommendation to issue two thousand rupee notes has been accepted.
Excellency, we have a thriving economic and commercial relationship.
“On Thursday, 7th July I will be in Mozambique.
Leading CEOs and officials from Amazon (India), Amway, Britannia Industries, Cargill Asia Pacific, Coca-Cola India, Danfoss, Future Group, GlaxoSmithKline, Ise Foods, ITC, Kikkoman, LuLu Group, McCain, Metro Cash & Carry, Mondelez International, Nestle, OSI Group, PepsiCo India, Sealed Air, Sharaf Group, Spar International, The Hain Celestial Group, The Hershey Company, Trent Ltd, and Walmart India were present at the meeting.
If every citizen resolves to obey traffic rules, if every citizen resolves that he will discharge his duties honestly, if every citizen resolves that he will not use petrol or diesel one day in a week – – these are not very big things.
Spoke about the rising occurrence of diabetes among youth during Mann Ki Baat last month”, the Prime Minister said.
The amendments will help 1.8 million (approx.) women workforce in organised sector.
• The South Asia Satellite has 12 Ku band transponders which India’s neighbours can utilise to increase communications.
Establishing an inclusive government and building peace and stability in Libya is in the interest of the entire international community.
The progress of this programme, to be implemented in mission mode, will be monitored on a continuous basis by senior officials of Union and State Governments.
Today, though I am not so lucky as to be present at the celebrations in person, I am delighted to be able to greet her, through technology.
# My name is Santosh Jadhav.
You too listen to what Srishti has to say: –
In this context, we have directed the Joint Working Group to meet early.
At the same event, the Prime Minister will distribute certificates and employment letters etc to select beneficiaries under various development schemes, including Deen Dayal Upadhyay Grameen Kaushal Vikas Yojana, Mukhya Mantri Gramodaya Yojana and National Rural Livelihood Mission.
My greetings to all BIMSTEC nations.
This will also promote the production of high quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the nation on the auspicious occasion of Milad-Un-Nabi.
Through PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana, farmers with less than 5 acres will get Rs 6000 per annum in their bank accounts.
In the past four years, more than 6 lakh new professionals have joined the workforce and they have added to more number of jobs for the people.
The first international Center in the eastern India is expected to play a major role in harnessing and sustaining rice production in the region.
Everything does not merit a childish conduct:
There are several schemes for empowerment of poor.
Smart Cities and Next Generation Transport
We are monitoring the situation closely.
The Prime Minister congratulated the students on their achievements.
It aims to provide a totally new travel experience to passengers.
This is the centenary year of Nanaji and Deen Dayal ji.
Our country is primarily agrarian.
What else does one need?
b. Identification of issues to be addressed regarding both existing and upcoming facilities, and also operation and maintenance at either of them.
Ten rupees will be credited to your account from the government.
It was the map of an India that was divided into myriad fragments.
• Development of Deoghar Airport
Friends from the Media, I thank Prime Minister Netanyahu and Mrs. Sara Netanyahu for opening their home to me today.
“Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
This spirit of ‘We, not I’ will surely inspire all of us.
The Parliament Building in Kabul represents our strong commitment to Afghanistan’s democratic future.
India and particularly Tamil Nadu will miss him immensely.
India is proud of your exemplary success at the World Rapid Chess Championship.”
As a part of his vision of Swachh Bharat and Swastha Bharat, the Prime Minister dedicated to the nation Underground Sewerage System, and three Sewage Treatment Plants in Solapur.
Before taking any extreme steps, the government must give a chance to the people.
In a boost to energy security of the country, PM dedicated to the nation, 1.33 MMT Visakhapatnam Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) facility of Indian Strategic Petroleum Reserve Limited (ISPRL).
The thoughts and ideals of Bapu have the power to help us overcome the menace of terrorism and climate change, two challenges humanity faces in these times, said the Prime Minister.
He added that persons of Indian origin have also been Heads of State and Heads of Government in many other countries.
Shri Narendra Modi said that after such recognition, future expectations from the awardees become higher than usual.
Prime Minister also presented a sculpture of Bodhi tree to the Myanmar President.
However big a celebrity be, or however rich one might be or however high an official be – each one contributes as an ordinary devotee in this Punyan Poonkavanam programme and becomes a part of this cleanliness drive.
Your Excellency, President Johann Schneider-Ammann,
27. Myanmar expressed deep appreciation to India for the decision taken by the Government of India to give Myanmar nationals gratis visa in all categories, except e-visa.
Today, the people who will break stones for the projects that are being launched, they are our gods who make our fortune.
8. From 1942 to 1947, the country had demonstrated collective strength, in the coming 5 years, we have to take the country forward with the same collective strength, commitment and hard work.
Bio Medical Equipment Maintenance:
He said “at one point of time there was a mindset among people that nothing can change.
You must have seen that we are taking all the decisions together.
It is expected that the setting up of the Committee will pave the way for the implementation of the Assam Accord in letter and spirit and will help fulfil longstanding expectations of the Assamese people.
• Areas of exchange of scientific personnel for study tour/training in mutually agreed areas
This is the land of our glorious maritime legacy.
Today is Makar Sankranti.
This pipeline is not only facilitating savings, disbursal of credit, social security, etc. but more importantly channelizing direct benefits of various government schemes to poor people of the country through DBT.
Look at the big bungalows and big cars around you.
“Historic jump in ‘Ease of Doing Business’ rankings is the outcome of the all-round & multi-sectoral reform push of Team India.
He said that with zero budget, Yoga provides health assurance, and does not discriminate between rich and poor.
These are some questions that I wish to leave you with.
Following is the text of Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s message on World Toilet Day.
This is a festival linked with nature.
iii. Rolling stock safety (e.g. maintenance etc.)
Friends, Gone are the days, when India was considered to be among the ‘Fragile Five’.
They have ignored the poor and cornered benefits.
He said the projects unveiled today would go a long way in developing sectors such as education, health, employment, skill development, transportation, power, sports and tourism.
But even in such a situation, sometimes good things also take place which create a sense of satisfaction in the mind.
He said the Union Government is working to end this struggle, and to create a system that is transparent and sensitive.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe today jointly laid the foundation stone for India’s first high speed rail project between Mumbai and Ahmedabad.
In renewable energy, we have become the sixth largest producer in the world.
It will ensure the return of persons who have no lawful basis to be in the territory of the other Party after verification of nationality to its satisfaction.
For this, Excellency,we are deeply gratefulto you.
He pointed out that, historically, Indian policy-makers had tended to lament its constraints rather than play to its strengths.
The Prime Minister mentioned the plans to expand the healthcare infrastructure, road network, and oil and gas pipeline infrastructure in the State.
The Prime Minister praised External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj for continuously keeping an eye on issues being faced by Indian citizens abroad.
NCC is not a mechanism.
And the credit for this does not go to Modi.
The heat that we used to experience in months of May-June in our country is being felt in March-April this year.
The country can run without troubling the citizens.
Under this MOU, capacity building programme in the field of planning, focusing on areas of urban planning, water and waste water management, solid waste management, Intelligent Transport System and public financing (Public Private Partnerships) would be undertaken.
Shri Narendra Modi said that Gujarat’s strides in animal husbandry have helped farmers.
Creation of new Incubation Centres is essential just as it is necessary to strengthen the older Incubation Centres.
In the Water Supply and Sanitation sector, he unveiled a plaque to mark the foundation stone of Motijheel Project, the Bettiah Nagar Parishad Water Supply Scheme, and four Ganga Projects, namely: the Saidpur Sewage Network, Patna; the Pahari Sewage Network, Zone 4, Patna; the Pahari Sewagw Network, Zone 5, Patna; and the Pahari STP project.
Energy supply, energy sources and energy consumption patterns are changing.
The Scheme is aimed at ensuring remunerative prices to the farmers for their produce as announced in the Union Budget for 2018.
c) The 14th Finance Commission has prescribed the Fiscal Roadmap for each State for its award period 2015-20 and anchored Fiscal Deficit of all States to an annual limit of 3% of States’ Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP).
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister emphasized on the importance of freedom of press, and said press should self-regulate, adding that any external interference or regulation on press is not called for.
Excellency, I am deeply touched by your kind words.
Since then, these units are being deployed in elections in select Assembly and Parliamentary Constituencies.
30. We reaffirm the intention to enhance cooperation and collaboration amongst BRICS countries in the field of biodiversity conservation, sustainable use and equitable access and benefit sharing of biological resources, and also undertake to promote our cooperation in biodiversity-related international conventions and fora including on endangered species and amongst our National Parks authorities.
We are committed to protect the environment and uphold our responsibility towards Nature.
In Manipur, Prime Minister will inaugurate and lay foundation stones for several projects and schemes.
On his part, Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi highlighted the initiatives undertaken by his Government for the economic growth and the improvement of standard of living of the people.
48. The Leaders welcomed the imminent operationalisation of the 2008 Horizontal Civil Aviation Agreement, which will enhance air connectivity between India and Europe and help foster greater people-to-people contacts, business travel and increase in tourism.
To co-incide with the ASEAN –India Comme–morative Summit of ASEAN leaders in January next year, we are also organising the ASEAN-India Business and Investment Meet and Expo.
Due to positive impact of our policies and practices, our confidence has gone up.
The world will definitely make a study of it.
· BRICS TB Research Network (Durban)
h) To participate in travel fairs /exhibitions in each other’s country and
The research under the Scheme will address our national priorities at the one hand and shortage of quality faculty in the premier educational institutions of the country, on the other.
The two Sides agreed to continue the practice of such informal meetings and to maintain strategic communication at all levels on a regular basis.
Let me list some more examples.50 cities in India are ready to build Metro Rail Systems.
STRENGTHENING MULTILATERALISM, REFORMING GLOBAL GOVERNANCE AND ADDRESSING COMMON CHALLENGES 11.
This is the Indian way.
BRICS Working Group on Geospatial Technology and Application (2 March 2016, Noida) 43.
He said that he has come through poverty, and understands the need to work for the requirements of the poor and the nation.
Our agreement on a tax and custom cooperation framework is a good start.
He also spoke of various initiatives and schemes of the Government of India.
For example, we are in power now, and consider in 2040 we become the Opposition party.
Dwelling on the theme of technology, the Prime Minister spoke of the implications and possibilities that “Artificial Intelligence” could bring about.
As Swamiji said, 95 percent people in the world can read Yogiji’s autobiography in their mother tongue.
As you make important choices for the harmony and progress of your society, you will find in India a friend and partner that will support your nation-building endeavours.
He also visited the chocolate plant and was briefed on the various technologies used, and products being made there.
India and Israel both support and sustain unique innovation ecosystems.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO for the successful launch of PSLV.
He said that until one actually visits the Kumbh Mela, one cannot appreciate completely, what a great heritage it is.
I was in Kashi yesterday, came from Benaras at night and went through the autobiography of Yogi.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the nation on the auspicious occasion of Diwali.
I look forward to extending a warm welcome to the ten leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families.
I would like the Tourism Department of the Government of India and the State Government to hold a photo competition on this occasion.
And, this award is for the people who have always put societal good above individual ambitions.
So I have an unwavering trust in the youth whenever I talk about freeing the ‘New India’ from the bondage of caste system.
Come, let us do something on this occasion which may raise the morale of our armed forces.
He said- Paani kera bulbula-as manas ki jat (cast feeling is just like water bubbles).
As part of the Nationally Determined Contributions, India is committed to reducing thirty-three to thirty-five percent of emission intensity of its GDP during 2005 to 2030.
The waters of the River Narmada will help citizens and transform lives, he added.
And if you think that after appearing in all exams, at a new threshold of your career you will learn some new skill, then you won’t get a chance.
Wishing the people of Assam on the auspicious occasion of Bohag Bihu.
There is continuous flow of investments both ways.
People generally talk of a communication gap between the elders and teenagers in the family.
The Prime Minister shared his sentiments on Twitter saying, “My deepest gratitude to the Government of Afghanistan for conferring the Amir Amanullah Khan Award.”
And when ‘Labour Day’ is referred to, labour is discussed, labourers are discussed, it is but natural for me to remember Babasaheb Ambedkar.
If Amma was here today, in our midst, she would have been very happy to see the work done by the labourers and would have extended her good wishes.
9. We want to change the situation where people are scared of income tax authorities, particularly among middle class families
Creation of one post of Director in the basic pay of Rs. 2,25,000/- (fixed) plus NPA (however, pay + NPA would not exceed Rs. 2,37,500/-) for for the above AIIMS.
My dear countrymen, the government, society, institutions, organizations, in fact everyone, is making some or the other effort towards greater cleanliness.
Earlier, the expenditure used to begin after the monsoon and unnecessary pressure was there to spend the money before March.
Prime Minister affirmed that India would always be a reliable and close neighbour of Maldives supporting it in its progress and security.
It is our earnest desire to work with Republic of Korea more closely to realize the dream of our citizens.
From 1st June, I will post something or the other about Yoga on twitter and continue to do so till 21st June.
Russia’s clear stand on the need to combat terrorism mirrors our own.
This scheme envisages lifting 9.24 TMC of flood water from river Tapi in 124 days of monsoon season.
May this tournament showcase the best sporting talent and give our youth a platform to fulfil their sporting dreams.
This is no small achievement.
Digitally literate persons would be able to operate computers/digital access devices (like tablets, smart phones, etc.), send and receive emails, browse internet, access Government Services, search for information, undertaking cashless transactions, etc. and hence use IT to actively participate in the process of nation building.
From Sarpanch to the Parliament, our women are contributing to the development of the country.
Rameswaram is also a center of deep spiritual knowledge a ज्ञान पुंज .
At a public meeting in Bharuch, the Prime Minister also flagged off the Antyodaya Express between Udhna (Surat, Gujarat) and Jaynagar (Bihar).
There was competition as to whether CWG would get more money or defence deals.
Just last month, we witnessed a thrilling conclusion to the Border-Gavaskar trophy.
There is a lot that India and the Philippines share in common:
We commend the African Union on choosing 2018 as the year of combating corruption.
The country is bigger than any of us.”
Durraiappah Stadium embodies the spirit of our cooperation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited the historic Tulsi Manas Temple in Varanasi this evening.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is committed to the welfare and the betterment of the Armed Forces, in every way possible.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today approved the setting up of a High Level Committee for implementation of Clause 6 of the Assam Accord and measures envisaged in the Memorandum of Settlement, 2003 and other issues related to Bodo community.
During this Ramzan the villagers decided to get together and construct toilets.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today commended the contributions of all the retiring Members of the Rajya Sabha, and wished them well for the future.
Vice Chairman, Delhi Development Authority (DDA);
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy (AYUSH).
It will be an opportune moment to re-visit his ideals.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to Maulana Abul Kalam Azad and Acharya JB Kripalani on their birth anniversaries.
This will facilitate in improving the public health status of the people in India.
The Summit is a unique opportunity for bringing together entrepreneurs and start ups with global leaders.
Why the money of the poorest of the poor person of the country is being spent on all these things?
But if global warming melts the polar ice caps, new navigation routes may open and possibly reduce Singapore’s relevance.
I was pleased to learn that many Belarusians take active interest in Indian culture, cuisine, films, music, dance, Yoga and Ayurveda.
We will further offer each other support in the implementation of the UNCAC by creating platforms for exchanging information and exploring convergences in multi-lateral platforms.
Now, I cannot say that if I go somewhere and somebody brings a bouquet I will refuse it.
Building on the recommendations of the recently-completed UK-India Joint Trade Review, we will work together on a sector-based roadmap, to reduce barriers to trade, make it easier to do business in both countries and enable a stronger bilateral trade relationship after the UK exits the EU.
9. Both sides welcomed the outcomes of the Workshop between NITI Aayog and Saudi Centre for International Strategic Partnership (SCISP) organised recently in Riyadh.
(ii) Making employees’ contribution to EPF optional for employees earning less than Rs 15,000 per month.
Myanmar is special for us.
Memorandum of Understanding on Maritime Security Cooperation Between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar
We must train a large number of women volunteers to support special needs of women affected by disasters.
Excellency Sirisena and Friends,
Welcome to the 16thInternational Energy Forum Ministerial Meeting.
Japanese people have led the world in sustainable development.
We are working to connect the institutional investors in UAE with our National Investment and Infrastructure Fund.
The Prime Minister explained that five places were being developed as “Panchteerth” in honour of Dr. Ambedkar.
He said it is also the responsibility of this gathering to make all efforts to fulfil them.
Leaders acknowledged that the “Make in India” initiative may offer investment opportunities for companies based in the EU Member States.
Yesterday, had requested you all to share pictures of your visits to the Northeast on Instagram using #MagnificentNortheast.
She is the first Indian woman to win a gold in the individual table tennis category too.
ii. Core of the Core Schemes: Those schemes which are for social protection and social inclusion should form the core of core and be the first charge on available funds for the National Development Agenda.
He said the cadets could visit several new landmarks that have come up in the city of Delhi in the recent past, which are connected to India’s heritage, and great leaders.
We thank our teachers, who always inspire and bring out the best in us”, the Prime Minister said.
I received a letter recently which touched my heart.
The Centre has released over Rupees three hundred crores towards construction of Deep Sea Fishing Vessels in Tamil Nadu.
Wish you all the best.
White Revolution (Animal Husbandry and Dairying)
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the Civil Aviation Policy.
Let us all create such an atmosphere.
If I take into account the population of entire Europe, then nearly the same number of people are going to get the benefits of this Ayushman Bharat scheme in India.
On my visit to Kranti Mandir, Red Fort, as I was reflecting on memories of Netaji, his family members gifted me a special cap.
Receipts from Department of Telecommunications, primarily License Fee, Spectrum Usage Charges and Spectrum Auction Value constitute one of the largest source of non-tax revenue for the Government of India.
My colleague in the council of Ministers, Minister of State for Corporate Affairs, Shri PP Chaudhary Ji,
I thank you all for your presence.
Under our clean energy programme, in just 3 years, we have doubled the renewables capacity from 30 thousand Megawatts to about 60 thousand Megawatts.
In accordance with the provisions of paragraph 6(2) of the Fifth Schedule to the Constitution, the President may at any time by order increase the area of any Scheduled Area in a State after consultation with the Governor of that State; rescind, in relation to any State or States, any order or orders made under this paragraph, and in consultation with the Governor of the State concerned, make fresh orders redefining the areas which are to be Scheduled Areas.
My dear countrymen, India has always tried its best to have close, cordial and vibrant relations with its neighbours.
Interacting with the beneficiaries, Prime Minister said that Digital India was launched to ensure that people from all walks of life, especially those from rural areas, are digitally empowered.
“My thoughts are with the families of those who lost their lives in the building collapse in Kanpur.
Let’s come together to make positivity viral.
“I bow to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Singapore.
A few weeks before the Seoul Olympics, an organization called Al-Qaeda was formed.
The time I spent with him was memorable.
He is remembered & respected as a pioneering engineer”, the Prime Minister said.
He noted the great contributions of the Indian Jewish community, both in India and Israel.
A holistic campaign has been launched to urge and invite people to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
PM said, “On Army Day, I convey greetings to the soldiers, veterans and their families.
We often lament at missing the industrial revolutions in the past, but today it is a matter of pride that India is an active contributor to the fourth Industrial Revolution.
Shri Narendra Modi said that Vajpayee ji respected Parliamentary traditions; and when the opportunity came, he implemented his vision for the benefit of the people.
It is realising it’s true potential and people’s aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
I urge you to complete the entire course of medication as prescribed by the doctor.
BRICS Sherpas and Sous-Sherpas meeting (29-30 April 2016, Jaipur; 5-6 August 2016, Bhopal; 2-3 September 2016, Hangzhou; 8-10 October 2016, New Delhi; 12-13 October 2016, Goa) 52.
Equality for all and sensitivity towards all is the unique characteristic of our Constitution.
We agree to intensify our efforts to realise the objectives and purposes of BIMSTEC as outlined in the 1997 Bangkok Declaration, and reaffirm that BIMSTEC has considerable potential for economic and social development through mutually beneficial cooperation in the identified priority areas.
And today I feel a great sense of fulfilment, that within three years, the last man on the fringes of society has become a part of the mainstream economy of the country.
We are convinced that the unprecedented spread of this threat requires decisive collective response on part of the entire global community, without double standards and selectivity, in accordance with international law and the UN Charter.
In 1989, at the age of 72, he was appointed the Force Commander for an operation in Namibia and he gave his services to ensure the Independence of that country.
Quoting Gandhiji, the Prime Minister said that all sections of people joined in, responding to Mahatma Gandhi’s clarion call of “Do or Die.”
He assured the delegation that the Union Government is supportive of the media and entertainment industry; and would consider the suggestions positively.
Four priority programs identified for the award: i) Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, ii) Promoting Digital Payments, iii) Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban & Rural, and iv) Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana.
Besides, approximately 2500 retired Judges will also be benefited on account of revision of pension/gratuity etc.
The Prime Minister asserted that youth are driving the growth in digital payments.
Justice PN Bhagwati’s remarkable contributions made our judicial system more accessible and gave voice to millions “, the Prime Minister said.
Government of Madhya Pradesh has allocated 5 acres of land in Bhopal for setting up of this Institute.
Later in the day, the Prime Minister will inaugurate the first Assembly of the International Solar Alliance at Vigyan Bhawan.
The new Medical colleges are built at a cost of Rs 885 crores.
The Commission will devise its own procedures and formulate modalities necessary for accomplishing the task.
Government of India has taken up a goal of quantum shift in online delivery of Government Services across the country.
As the fastest growing major economy in the world, India has become the new frontier of global opportunities and an anchor of stability of the global economy.
(ii) To increase coverage of the loans covered under the credit guarantee scheme from Rs. 1 crore to Rs. 2 crore;
1. Setting up of a National Mission on Transformative Mobility and Battery Storage, to drive clean, connected, shared, sustainable and holistic mobility initiatives;
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and Belarus in the oil and gas sector.
Proceed with India-Sweden defence seminars in India and Sweden in 2018-19 and explore, together with the ISBLRT, opportunities for investment in Defence Production Corridors in India
Hence, JSK as an Autonomous Body can be closed as it can be administered by the Department as a fund.
We want to enhance the efficiency of villages and we are making efforts in this direction.
The President of the World Bank, Dr. Jim Yong Kim, called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
It is understood that some of the member banks (like CDB and VEB; CDB and BNDES) have entered into bilateral agreements for local currency financing under the Master Agreement signed in 2012.
These advanced fuels are presently in their early stages of development in our Country and necessitate extensive R&D for making these fuels a viable option for meeting our energy needs.
After the successful completion of 10 CGD bidding rounds more than 400 districts of the country will be connected for providing piped gas supply.
The Eastern coast of Africa, and Tanzania in particular have enjoyed strong links with the India.
He emphasized that there could be no greater inspiration for completing this task, than the 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Dr. Fayez Tarawneh, Chief of The Royal Hashemite Court of Jordan called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
The cost is estimated to be Rs. 2491.53 crore and total length of the road to be developed is approximately 151 kms.
He also spoke of the importance of Inter-State Coordination to curb unlawful activities.
Government contribution to the target corpus of the individual Fund as an investor would encourage greater participation of private capital and thus help leverage mobilization of larger resources.
Since then it has contributed to the development of the North East region.
Men and women shall once again work the farms and ply their trade with the joy of hard work, in peace and security.The shoulders that were once weighed down in the shadow of guns would now bear ploughs to turn the land green.
He said existing loans have been reviewed and a professional approach has been taken with regard to the banking sector.
With the strength of our friendship and mutual trust, I invite more and more Japanese people and companies to come, live and work in India.
· The registration fees for the citizenship of India would be reduced to Rs 100 from the existing range of Rs 3000 – Rs 15000.
We don’t want to bow our head before anybody.
This neighbour of ours which is in a state of economic despair
The identified areas of cooperation include high speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure, etc.
Out of the 17000-18000 species of flowering plants, more than 7000 are estimated to have medicinal usage in folk and documented systems of medicine like Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha & Homoeopathy (AYUSH System of Medicine).
Under HELP, Blocks are to be awarded twice in a year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released the book “Judicial Reforms – Recent Global Trends” and presented the first copy to President Pranab Mukherjee.
Similarly, the Gobar-Dhan Yojana will help in keeping the village clean, while increasing the income of farmers and cattle herders.
Congress calls Planning Commission a bunch of jokers…but Modi is destroying institutions.
This has been a memorable incident to increase awareness about our Constitution among the youth and to connect them to the various aspects of the Constitution.
AREAS OF COOPERATION
He said both the Centre and the J&K State Government are attempting to find a solution to all problems through development.
The Master plan for these AIIMS has also been finalized.
We are an independent country, we have our own policies and future.
SFAC has promoted about 650 FPOs across the country with the membership of over 6.60 lakh farmers up to Dec, 2017.
Somebody spread a rumour that the spelling on the currency note was faulty, someone said salt prices had spiraled, someone proclaimed that the 2000 rupee note would also be withdrawn, even 500 and 100 rupee denominations notes were rumoured to be on their way out.
Only Aadhaar number, account number and your thumb impression are enough for payment now.
Reiterating his vision of a New India by 2022, when we mark 75 years of freedom, the Prime Minister urged the teaching community to devote the coming four years towards fulfilling the dreams and vision of those who gave their lives for our freedom.
The Sides welcomed further efforts aimed at signing of agreements between Assam and Sakhalin, Haryana and Bashkortostan, Goa and Kaliningrad, Odisha and Irkutsk, Visakhapatnam and Vladivostok.
We can reach the planet Mars within 9 months; we are capable of achieving that.
He said that a work culture based on this, will further promote policy driven governance.
The English had lost interest in India; they wanted to leave India fragmented into pieces.
The next step is to bring in ideas from outside.
NDRF teams were deployed.
8. Acknowledging that the agreement on Defence Cooperation signed in November 2008 provided the required framework to strengthen bilateral defence ties, the two leaders agreed to provide further impetus to these relations, including through joint exercises and enhanced training of naval, air and land forces, as also in the area of coastal defence.
The Revised Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement between the two countries, signed in May 2012, and the MoU on Customs Cooperation, signed in 2013 further facilitate our trade and investment cooperation.
i. Developing human resource in the field of acute medicine,surgery and trauma care including focus on new areas of competency in each field;
“I pray for the safety and wellbeing of those in areas affected by floods in parts UP, Bihar, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan & MP.
He is accompanied by the Minister of Trade and Industry Ms. Marta Novakova and a large business delegation.
We have seen an extension of the spirit of the Ease of Living in Ujjwala Yojana.
Since then it has set up its Branch Offices, one each in every North Eastern State.
The welfare of farmers was a priority in his life.
25. The Prime Minister also welcomed the Kingdom’s participation in the India’s Strategic Petroleum Reserves (SPRs).
A few days ago Sikkim won the prestigious Future Policy Gold Award, 2018 for encouraging the sustainable food system.
Many discussions have been held on it.
There is, however, a tendency to dump dirt in open spaces.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for promulgation of “The Central Educational Institutions (Reservation in Teachers’ Cadre) Ordinance, 2019” considering the University/ College as a unit instead of ‘Department/ Subject’.
At Fertilizer Corporation of India ground in Gorakhpur, Prime Minister will mark the launch of the PM-KISAN scheme, through press of button, to electronically transfer the first instalment of Rs 2,000 to selected farmers.
We are also the third largest energy consumer in the world, with demand growing at more than five percent annually.
It is expected to generate employment and train human resources in advanced technologies.
Everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water?
I wish you share your travel photographs with me, it will be nice.
The funding of the new University/Institute is to entirely come from Ministry of Railways.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for IRDAI’s admission as a signatory to International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS), Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding (MMoU)
Odisha is the best example.
Every effort by us to fulfill the dreams of our freedom fighters, who sacrificed their lives for the country’s independence, will be a tribute to Dr. Kalam.
In this regard, they looked forward to the next session of their dialogue to be held in New Delhi and supported enhancing interaction in international fora, in particular the UN General Assembly and the UN Human Rights Council.
We have to arrange for the elections to panchayats and local institutions.
The Bilateral cooperation will benefit the country in enhancing institutional and technical capacity of center and State Government agencies dealing with water resources especially in the field of river basin management, pollution abatement of rivers including Ganga, flood management, water quality and efficient use of water amongst others.
2. Implementation of these projects would address the problem of water logging in South-West Punjab and enhance the flows/ water availability in the two canals.
India’s development needs are huge and substantial.
The MoU shall be implemented by establishing a Working Group on IT&E composed of representatives of the two Parties.
He said that while no one likes dirt or dirty surroundings, the habit of cleanliness takes some effort to develop.
MoU on Modalities for Utilization of India’s Housing Grant Component to support Reconstruction of 50,000 Houses
A coordinated effort by the Survey of India, ISRO and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology can be transformative.
“We have become the second largest steel producer, second largest mobile phone manufacturer, 4th largest automobile manufacturer in the world.
Agriculture and Food Science and Technology; Engineering Sciences; Information and Communication Technology, Applied Mathematics and Data Science and Technology; Health and Medical Technology; Materials Sciences; Life Sciences & Biotechnology; Physics and Astrophysics and Energy, water, climate and natural resources were identified as potential areas for immediate collaboration.
He says that during exams, parents have a vital role to play.
A lot has been spoken about this.
This is the power of New India.
“Tomorrow I will be visiting Rajasthan, the land of the brave, where I will inaugurate and lay the foundation of key National Highway projects.
For one reason or the other, we confine ourselves to celebrating and observing centenaries of events mostly.
I am very fortunate to be among those who have been receiving Amma’s blessings and unconditional love.
It means that it does not fit into their Shalya mentality.
Sectors such as energy and power, transportation, telecom, rural infrastructure, agriculture development, water supply and sanitation, environment protection, urban development, and logistics require long term funds.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Tajkistan on Cooperation on Peaceful uses of Space Technology for Development.
Two other strong initiatives are Atal Innovation Mission and NIDHI – the National Initiative for Development and Harnessing Innovations.
Union Minister for Petroleum and Natural Gas, Shri Dharmendra Pradhan was present on the occasion.
After taking into account the DA at prevailing rate, the salary/pension of all government employees/pensioners will be raised by at least 14.29 % as on 01.01.2016.
That is why, though the scheduled date was the 24th, they were hanged on the 23rd of March.
You, your mind and heart.
The Prime Minister in his message has saluted the will and determination of all those individuals and organisations working towards protecting the environment.
A few days ago the Ambassadors of many countries witnessed for themselves the preparations for Kumbh.
Environmental laws and regulations, while essential in any modern society, afford only an inferior protection to nature, he added, calling for “harmonious environmental consciousness.”
However, the works could not progress much due to non-availability of funds on the part of Govt. of Punjab for power component and later interstate issues with J&K.
Shri Santosh Kumar Gangwar
The Opposition has no commitment to social justice.
It pioneered and led the growth of mobile money services globally.
Interacting with the Officer Trainees, the Prime Minister emphasized on the importance of subjects such as a human approach in policing; and technology.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
Thus it is equally important to identify such wrong advisors and take strict actions against them.
Lay foundation stone of 3 Model Degree Colleges in J&K, at Kishtwar, Kupwara and Baramulla
Lays the Foundation Stone of Road Project in Yavatmal worth Rs 500 Crores
Prime Minister Sri Narendra Modi greeted people of Odisha on the occasion of its formation day today.
Both countries enjoy deep and broad-based ties.
1. Creating a Safer World: by organized and coordinated action on at least three issues: Counter Terrorism, Cyber Security and Disaster Management; 2.
Dr. Mohammad Khazaei, Deputy Minister of Economic Affairs and Finance
The Prime Minister said,”Saddened by the demise of LS MP from Alwar, Mahant Chand Nath ji.
Please chat about otherthings with your family, talk of other topics, refresh your mind with some light banter.
He congratulated the courageous youth who are engaged in innovative activities at iCreate.
After careful consideration, this was not accepted.
Today, while India is the fastest growing world economy, it is also removing poverty at the fastest speed.
You also connect actively with this programme.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the establishment of National Institute of Mental Health Rehabilitation (NIMHR) at Bhopal as a Society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 under the aegis of the Department of Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities.
Not just trade, in investment terms also we are seeing a positive turn.
And, shape its future framework marked by depth, drive and diversification of our partnership.
He conveyed that he looked forward to rapid progress and successful completion of the decisions taken with President Obama at the recent Summit Meeting in June.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Cuba on cooperation in the field of Health and Medicine.
There will be a sense of inner satisfaction.
In the year 2020, we shall complete 70 years as a Republic and in 2022, we shall enter 75th year of our Independence.
Every life, every being is a source of inspiration.
The evenings are marked with cultural programs.
ii. foster strong working relations between the two accounting institutes.
Prime Minister Modi thanked President Xi for China’s support to India’s membership of the SCO.
Japan has a very important role to play in all three.
Our forefathers have lived this as a way of life for centuries together.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is working towards promoting “ease of living” for the common man.
It has been passed and the long awaited GST will soon be a reality.
Moving forward, our cooperation stands poised for a major take off.
Recognizing the popularity and impact of films on the youth and in tourism promotion, the two sides agreed to finalize an agreement for cooperation in the film industry.
Student organisations, while campaigning for university elections should give more importance to cleanliness, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister apprised the farmers about the various decisions taken to liquidate the arrears of sugarcane farmers.
1. Do you think that black money exists in India? a.
In the current financial year, the Union Government has approved Rs. 600 crore as central share of SDRF.
During the interaction, Prime minister urged the sports persons to use technology as an aid to improve their performance.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Philippines in the field of agriculture and related fields.
While striving for the country’s freedom, they suffered imprisonment and spent the prime of their youth in jails, yet they nurtured the dreams of a glorious India even through all the suffering.
The cost is estimated to be Rs.2028.91 crore and total length of the road to be developed is approximately 87 kms.
And, you are perhaps best placed to lead such efforts and make your contribution.
The Prime Minister urged all Secretaries of the Government of India, and all Chief Secretaries of States, to come up with concrete plans and objectives for transformative change, to be achieved by the 75th anniversary of independence in 2022.
Yet, they endured and kept going.
This improvement is important:
Other programs being supported through Ministries will have even more beneficiaries.
These include education for children, irrigation for farmer, livelihood to youth, medicines for elderly, grievance redressal to everyone.
8. The two leaders expressed strong condemnation of the phenomenon of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, irrespective of who the perpetrators were and of their motivations.
We acquired credibility, wielded influence and spurred growth.
MoU between the Central Council for Research in Homeopathy, Ministry of AYUSH and the Centre for Integrative Complementary Medicine, Shaare Zedek Medical Center on Cooperation in the field of Research in Homeopathic Medicine
Giving momentum to Skill Development Missions, the country is setting up new centers in small towns.
Our major economic objectives include expanding trade and investment and diversification of trade in goods and services, in particular increasing the share of high-technology products in bilateral trade, fostering industrial cooperation, improving the environment for entrepreneurship and investments and developing cooperation in banking and financial matters between the two countries.
Today, India is a bright star in the global economy.
He said that over the last three to three and a half years, the Union Government has worked towards fulfilling this vision of social democracy.
They had connected this people’s movement with devotion (Bhakti).
Our system is highly focused on efforts towards strengthening limited categories of professionals such as doctors, nurses and frontline workers (like Accredited Social Health Activist or ASHAs, Auxiliary Nurse Midwife or ANMs).
Accordingly, the Cabinet has allowed TCIL to fill up posts on deputation from Group ‘A’ officers of the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) and other Ministries, with Telecommunication and information Technology background for the intervening period i.e. from 01.10.2016 till the approval of this proposal (earlier Cabinet approval was valid up to 30.09.2016) and for a further period of three years from the date of approval as per DPE guidelines subject to maximum of 10% of the total number of below Board level posts in TCIL Cabinet has further allowed that in future the issue of exemption of below Board Level Posts in Telecommunications Consultants India Limited (TCIL) may be dealt in terms of DPE OM No. 18(6)72001-GM-GL-77 dated 28.12.2.005.
His contribution to hockey was unparalleled.
The Prime Minister said that the role of NHRC is also crucial for achieving the Sustainable Development Goals.
I must confess, I did not imagine the spontaneous outpouring of support that followed.
We have also created a world record for launching 104 satellites simultaneously from the same spacecraft.
I am sure that even this time if you go, you will lend further fillip to my campaign.
They are – opening the doors of the banks for the poor- banking the unbanked; ensuring access to capital for small business and budding entrepreneurs- funding the unfunded and; providing social security cover for the poor and vulnerable – financially securing the unsecured.
Let me give you a few local and national examples.
27. Cement a stronger cultural link by promoting cultural tourism and further enhancing people-to-people contacts, through programmes such as Delhi Dialogue, ASEAN-India Network of Think Tanks (AINTT), ASEAN-India Eminent Persons Lecture Series (AIEPLS), diplomats training courses, as well as exchange programmes for students, parliamentarians, farmers, media, and other youth programmes.
It will reduce travel time from Bhubaneswar and Puri to major cities like New Delhi and Mumbai.
You will find this reflected in the agreements that were just exchanged.
I called Chandrakantji face to face.
Officials said progress is being made towards connecting all the remaining unconnected habitations within a defined timeframe.
The All Jammu and Kashmir Panchayat Conference is an apex body of Panchayat leaders of the State of Jammu and Kashmir.
There is no better place for creativity and innovation than university campuses, the Prime Minister said, adding that campuses should organize days to celebrate the culture and language of various States, to strengthen the spirit of “Ek Bharat, Shreshtha Bharat.”
Now I feel as if I’m conversing with my family while sitting at home.
Prime Minister, I am happy to tell you that in India, we are well on our way to doing just that.
Anemia during or after pregnancy, pregnancy related infections, high BP, any such complication can have devastating effect.
My effort is to take the banking system to normalcy as fast as possible in the new year.
In line with the “Make in India” vision, efforts are being made to promote domestic manufacture of metro rolling stock.
This is a New India.
They agree on the need to reform the UN Development System with a view to enhancing its capability in supporting Member States in implementing the 2030 Agenda.
Very few people might be aware that most navies of the world allowed women on their warships pretty later.
I am delighted to be here in Manila, on my very first visit to the Philippines.
This seems to be the reason as to how he could develop this App which is most suited to needs of the village.
If a citizen of the country is healthy, no one can stop the development of the country.
I sincerely hope that this Centre will prove to be a great inspiration for spreading Babasaheb’s teachings.
But today’s time demands that we take the opportunity to free the country from some issues, whether it is poverty, hunger or illiteracy.
Together, we must ensure #IndiaDefeatsBlackMoney.
(x) A saving clause has been kept under repeal and saving so that the existing benefit enjoyed by Mumbai and Kolkata Port in respect of municipal assessment of property under the Bombay Port Trust Act, 1879 and the Calcutta Port Trust Act, 1890 would continue.
• Space diplomacy has touched new heights with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s unique gift in the sky to South Asian neighbours.
The Prime Minister also dedicated to the nation, the Booster Compressor Facility in Bassein Gas Field.
We also look forward to the honour of receiving His Royal Highness Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn in India at his earliest convenience.
• President Widodo welcomed Prime Minister Modi’s initiatives in the area of renewable energy, particularly the establishment of the International Solar Alliance.
Cyprus and India enjoy close economic ties.
Generations will remember his exemplary personality.
The Bill shall apply to whole of India, except the state of Jammu and Kashmir.
He said the change that has been brought about through four years of resolve of the people of Kashi, is now visible.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved appointment of Second National Judicial Pay Commission (SNJPC) for Subordinate Judiciary in the country.
And we also met the prominent CEOs of both the countries.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than other major economies.
They have strived tirelessly to overcome all challenges in this path.
I look forward to welcoming President Magufuli in India at the earliest possible opportunity.
India has current installed nuclear power capacity of 6780 MW from 22 operational plants.
The Prime Minister congratulated the UP government for ensuring electricity in all districts.
Youth organisations, student organisations, NGOs, etc. can organise group discussions, to bring forth new ideas.
7. Demonetisation will bring real estate, higher education, healthcare in the common man’s reach a.
They welcomed the contribution of the International Resource Panel, the Indian Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change (through the Indian Resource Panel) and of the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI Aayog) to developing strategies for this crucial economic transition.
I feel it will yield good results.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the first Assembly of the International Solar Alliance at Vigyan Bhawan.
We have to show what has been achieved on the ground
Your ancestors were one of the first to leave the shores of India.
This is where forensic science becomes important, the Prime Minister said.
i) to promote safe, honourable and sustainable tourism.
The package was subsequently prepared to comprise of USD 1 billion from the South Korean Economic Development Cooperation Fund (EDCF) as government to government funding and USD 9 billion as export credit from KEXIM.
6.94 lakh rural houses have been completed in the first quarter of the current fiscal year, as compared to a target of 6 lakh houses.
To discourage the trend of child sexual abuse by acting as a deterrent Section-4, Section-5 and Section-6 are proposed to be amended to provide option of stringent punishment, including death penalty, for committing aggravated penetrative sexual assault crime on a child to protect the children from sexual abuse.
At Valsad, beneficiaries from five districts of South Gujarat – namely Valsad, Navsari, Tapi, Surat and Dangs will gather.
We are confident that India and Russia will continue to remain a role model for harmonious and mutually beneficial partnership and strong friendship between two states.
Though no formal cadre review has been carried out after 1991, major augmentation-cum-restructuring were carried out in 2004 and 2009.
He said that the shared resolve of India and Bangladesh, against cruelty and terrorism, will continue to inspire future generations through the Bangladesh Bhavan.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered noble ideals and thoughts of Maharshi Valmiki, on Valmiki Jayanti.
India’s contribution in the onset of an era based on energy justice is significant.
To support our collaboration in cutting edge technology, we have agreed to set up a Joint S&T Fund of 4 million Euros.
I have seen that this time, many people have written to me mentioning Ganeshotsav and Durga Puja.
And not only this, when I mention something positive, such memories come to recall, it is very much a pleasant experience.
Now like the initiative we have taken, we have started the Mudra Yojna.
We get to learn something or the other every moment.
I am confident that students who will be appearing for exams will find what I have to say immensely useful to them.
After 30th September, the government will have to take steps.
His Excellency, President John Magufuli, Members of the media, Thank you, Excellency, for your warm words of welcome.
The Prime Minister also mentioned rising numbers of EPFO subscribers.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation between the two countries.
And, we remain at the forefront of pushing change in the global governance architectures.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its approval for 7 posts of Principal Director and 36 posts of Director on regular basis in the Armed Forces Headquarters (AFHQ) Civil Service, Ministry of Defence as part of restructuring .
On the basis of cleanliness, this town has been a live example of our human values.
Lauding the role of ISRO scientists, Shri Modi said, “In the field of space, our scientists have done great work.
One of the major attractions today is Ahmedabad Shopping Festival– 2019 which will be inaugurated by the Prime Minister later this evening.
35. Violence in the name of ‘Astha’ is not something to be happy about, it will not be accepted in India.
The leaders welcomed the progress toward establishment of an ISRO-NASA Heliophysics Working Group as well as toward finalization of a Memorandum of Understanding for exchange of earth observation satellite data.
Terrorism will never be accepted
No longer will the progress and prosperity of rural India be curtailed by corruption and black money.
Under the ATL program, more than 10,000 schools are expected to establish these labs by 2020.
I must say that developing healthy traditions for a sound democracy, making constant efforts to strengthen democracy, encouraging open-minded debates would also be aappropriate tribute to Atalji.
In this context, he mentioned neem coating of urea, Ujjwala Yojana, Jan Dhan Accounts, and RuPay debit cards.
We believe women empowerment is vital to our development.
MOU between the Foreign Service Institute of the Ministry of External Affairs of the Republic of India and the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles
There has been a considerable hike in the allocation of budget for health and higher education.
It rests on the strong pillars of India’s Act East Policy, and our shared vision and commitment to a free, open and inclusive Indo-Pacific.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed sincere thanks to the Qatari leadership for hosting the Indian community and for ensuring their continued welfare and safety.
India is now the most preferred investment destination in this sector.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
India needs port-led development सागरमाला is helping build infrastructure for it.
At Davos, I look forward to sharing my vision for India’s future engagement with the international community.
When we move ahead in the national interest, a change in the lives of the poor, the backward, the exploited and the deprived ones can also be brought about.
When I spoke in April 2015, our process of reform had just started.
The UK is India’s second largest international research and innovation partner.
He said that when the socio-economic conditions improve in the 100 most backward districts, it would give a big boost to the overall development parameters of the country.
Allah is Rahman and Raheem,” the Prime Minister said.
We are all aware of the strengths of the Swiss economy.
Almost all the countries in the world made Yoga Day their own.
Hence, there is a need for better coordination and cooperation among the armed forces.
It is a testimony to the working of India’s federal democracy.
He said one should only try to do better than what one had achieved earlier.
America has also observed National Entrepreneurs’ Day on November 21st.
The Agreement would benefit the Indian emigrant workers, especially in the unskilled, semi-skilled and skilled categories of workers who are working in Saudi Arabia without consideration of caste, creed, religion or gender.
· Meeting of the BRICS Culture Senior Officials
Addressing a huge gathering, Prime Minister said that the Expressway and metro connectivity will usher in a transportation revolution in Haryana.
Efforts should be towards making the discussion more meaningful and robust.
He said, “ My tribute to martyr Nazir Ahmad Wani and all other brave soldiers who laid down their lives for the nation and peace.
The leaders applauded the enhanced military to military cooperation between the two countries especially in joint exercises, training and Humanitarian Assistance and Disaster Relief (HA/DR).
This year will see the first ever Tri-services exercise INDRA–2017.
Prime amongst these is the project to restore and conserve 92 ancient pagodas and structures in Bagan through the Archaeological Survey of India.
Further, the revised total amount of pension will be taken as basic pension for the respective categories of Freedom Fighter pensioners for calculating Dearness Relief.
Mr Solih thanked the Prime Minister for his greetings and good wishes.
We were proud to see Mozambique join the ranks of free nations in 1975.
He flagged off a train between Dalli Rajhara and Bhanupratappur.
PM said that Ayushman Bharat Scheme will create an entirely new ecosystem which helps to create healthier India.
PM will unveil the SAUNI projects at the venue through the press of a button.
Best wishes for the festival.
We are also ready to restore other historic monuments and pagodas, which were damaged in the earthquake which hit Myanmar just last week.
PM will then proceed to Hubli in Karnataka.
These will help in efficient adoption of best practices across States.
The delegation expressed its strong support of the Prime Minister’s vision for making India a five trillion dollar economy in the near future.
I request the listeners of “Mann Ki Baat” to visit Pandharpur Wari at least once, whenever they get a chance.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will embark on a visit to two states: Gujarat and Tamil Nadu; and two Union Territories: Daman & Diu and Puducherry, over the next two days.
Elements of my visit and its program is being so arranged so that we can focus to taking forward our partnership with Israel in all the spheres, including technology and innovation links, agriculture and efficient resource use. ”
And I am happy that people have evinced interest in these things.
It is an engine for growth, employment generation, wealth creation and delivery of goods and services that make our lives comfortable.
This has together contributed about 75 billion US dollars in revenue.
Today, we all symbolise a shared heritage not only economically but also culturally.
In the highways sector, over 26,000 km of 4 or 6 lane national highways have been built in FY17, and the pace is improving.
If there is a new party in the Opposition, they have a small demand for their state or if an MP has a demand for his/her constituency and does something like this, then we can understand.
It is a touching moment that fills one’s heart with thrill; it is a moment full of zest & warmth.
However, the statistics which I am placing before you will leave you surprised.
Your Excellency Dr Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, Your Excellency Salahuddin Rabbani, Foreign Minister of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, My colleague Minister Arun Jaitley ji, Foreign Ministers, Heads of Delegations, Ladies and Gentlemen,
We have also launched nation-wide programmes for the prevention and control of non communicable diseases.
And whether you will insist on using the BHIM App at the shop from where you purchase things, whichever store or mall you may be visiting, whether you will insist on using it or not?
Guru Purnima greetings to everyone.
He inaugurated the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex, the Rani Gaidinliu Park, and other important development projects.
The Prime Minister said that the tenth announcement is that now the establishments to be visited by an Inspector will be decided through a computerised random allotment.
Prime Minister Modi congratulated Dr. LotayTshering on his party’s victory in the third general election in Bhutan and his own election to the National Assembly.
You are the proud sons and daughters of the Indian heritage.
My dear brothers & sisters, we celebrated ‘Infantry Day’ yesterday.
And, millions of people around the world still remain without adequate and quality access to food, shelter,health-care, sanitation, power, and above all, dignity of life.
This scheme has been designed keeping all sections of society in mind, with a special focus on the poor and the lower middle class segments.
PM has directed National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) to repair main national highways damaged due to floods on priority.
The work on Ease of Doing Business must address the issues of these small businesses and manufacturers.
There is no parking space too.
We want to make India a world leader in electric vehicles and energy storage devices.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today joined the members of the Rajya Sabha, in welcoming Vice President Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu, as Chairman of the House.
But now that he’s come to know of the Jan Aushadhi Kendra, he has begun purchasing medicines from there and his expenses have been reduced by about 75%.
Two-thirds of India and two-thirds of Africa is under the age of 35 years.
Minister of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare.
Cut in fertilizer usage resulted in monetary saving.
The Prime Minster, Shri Narendra Modi today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 71th Independence Day.
The approval will facilitate entry of foreigners for tourism, business and medical purposes.
International Association of Insurance Supervisors, Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding is a statement of its signatories’ intent to cooperate in the Field of information exchange as well as procedure for handling information requests.
My brothers and sisters, you have blessed me by turning up in such a large number; I once again express my gratitude to you.
Friends, this time around, the government of India has provided you with a great opportunity.
In Nagpur, I will pray at Deekshabhoomi, a holy spot that is very closely associated with Dr. Ambedkar.
Whether the fault is ours or their’s, I ‘ll leave it to the people.
43. The Sides also decided to further explore possibilities of closer cooperation on hydel and renewable energy sources, energy efficiency, including in order to reduce the negative effects of climate change.
a) Taking over of 11.25 acres of land of the Government of Andhra Pradesh underneath the existing Highway passing through Naval land at Kakinada.
To bring harmony of the registration and licensing process, it is proposed to create National Register for Driving Licence and National Register for Vehicle registration through “Vahan” & “Sarathi” platforms.
Sant Vallabhacharya had shown the path of liberation by following the path of affection and love.
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
• Developing a common and shared understanding of international cyber stability, and destabilizing cyber activity;
He said the Union Government is committed to fulfilling all its missions and resolves, with the help of the people.
I am told that at the peak of the project, over twenty thousand labourers were working at the site.
And, as we mark a decade of BRICS, it is particularly timely.
May the injured recover quickly.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that the nation is changing and it has been possible because people have decided to change for a better India.
Possibilities for partnership also exist in manufacturing of tyres, agro-industrial machinery, and mining equipment.
He also complimented the contributions of the trust in empowering the society through education and in transforming thoughts through spiritual teachings.
The Convention came into force on 3rd December, 1986.
On this occasion I was fortunate to get an opportunity to inaugurate a museum dedicated to heroes who fought in India’s freedom struggle.
I am told that over 100 outreach lectures in Schools and Colleges are planned.
Today is the era of IT and let’s move ahead on the path of digital transaction.
It grants equality to Muslim women and is a powerful measure for women empowerment”, the Prime Minister said.
The water of a village will be preserved there if we work for it in a determined manner collectively.
After five years, in 2022 it will be seventy five years of India’s Independence.
These issues of connectivity are related to poor people and even in these things a project of waterways has been launched under the leadership of our Gadkari Ji.
Today one need not go through the tedious scrutiny of a banker to get small loans.
The discussions shall continue tomorrow.
I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail only after reading Savarkarji’s book “Maazi Janmthep”.
I thank Prime Minister Abe the Japanese government and the Parliament for their support to this agreement.
14. We also recognise the inherent strength of regional initiatives in support of the objectives of the broader multilateral system.
We are fourth largest in Wind Energyand fifth largest producer of Solar Energy.
In the last sixty weeks alone, four crore people got these connections
Since Bahrain does not have a local professional accountancy Institute and it is the ICAI which has the collaboration with BIBF, this in turn is likely to build positive impact for Indian Chartered Accountants currently working in Bahraini markets and those intending to move to this country relatively easier.
As a party worker I had the privilege of working with Atalji.
viii. On the lines of UNCOVER project of Australia, the government intends to launch a special initiative to probe deep-seated/ concealed minerals deposits in the country in collaboration with National Geophysical Research Institute and the proposed NCMT and Geoscience Australia.
The sharp writings, wit and humour of Pandit Dharmsheel Chaturvedi endeared him to a wide spectrum of readers.
With the new integrated Terminal building in Trichy, the airport can handle 3.63 million passengers per annum on full capacity and 2,900 passengers at peak hour with provision for expansion.
The length of the Ring Line is 31.55 km.
We are now in the information age.
He said countries that achieved independence after India, and faced greater resource constraints than India, have touched new heights of development.
SSB also deployed in LWE affected areas and Counter Intelligence/Operations duties in Jammu & Kashmir and Assam.
SCOPUS database indicates that India now ranks sixth in the world with respect to scientific publications, growing at a rate of about fourteen percent as against the world average growth rate of about four percent.
We are on our way to reaching the target.
(iii) Bengaluru Mumbai Economic Corridor (BMEC):- State Government of Karnataka has identified Dharwad Node for Development.
However today, he said we have plugged the loopholes in the system with the help of technology.
My government is strongly committed to continue the reform of the Indian economy.
It has been noticed that the average retail price of sugar has escalated in the recent past, in-spite of adequate availability of sugar stock with the mills.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi announced at the meeting of the Council of Minister’s today that Task Force will be set up to prepare a comprehensive action plan for effective participation of Indian sports persons in the next three Olympic games 2020, 2024 and 2028.
The Union Cabinet has approved the proposals of Ministry of Finance on certain landmark budgetary reforms relating to (i) the merger of Railway budget with the General budget, (ii) the advancement of the date of Budget presentation from the last day of February to the 1st of February and (iii) the merger of the Plan and the Non-Plan classification in the Budget and Accounts.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its in-principle approval for establishing a Central University by the name of “Central University of Andhra Pradesh” in Janthaluru Village of Ananthapur District, Andhra Pradesh.
The Prime Minister asserted that small businesses will also gain tremendously from GST, and will feel more secure with GST.
At the domestic level, this has been done by unveiling a National Action Plan to reduce carbon emissions, increase forest cover, and replacing traditional carbon fuels with renewable energy supplies.
PM said that ahead of upcoming School Board examinations, he will interact with the parents and students through NAMO App in ParikshapeCharcha – at 11am on 29th January, 2019.
He mentioned that 27 kilometres of highway are being built everyday at present, compared to 12 kilometres per day in 2014.He added that this shows the vision and will of the Union Government to transform India.
We have a stated target of doubling farm incomes within five years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Integrated Terminal Building of Vadodara Airport.
Economic relations form the core of our bilateral relations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will be visiting Gujarat on 7th and 8th October, 2017.
That is a not a cultivated or cultivable virtue.
“Pradhan Mantri ji, I am Aparna from Pune.
At Mokama, the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for four sewerage projects under the Namami Gange programme; and four National Highway projects.
He said children are increasingly conscious about issues regarding cleanliness.
And this is not merely the name of a river.
If the malls don’t have restrictions then why should the small shopkeepers have restrictions.
May the blessings of Lord Jagannath lead to development of villages, well-being of poor & farmers and take India to new heights of progress”, the Prime Minister said.
He emphasised on the ideals of service and renunciation.
On the subject of concentration, the Prime Minister recalled the great cricketer Sachin Tendulkar’s advice on the radio programme Mann Ki Baat.
It also has provision for payment of compensation upto Rs 10 lakh in road accidents fatalities.
Change from a state of drift to one of purposeful actions.
In view of the importance of the growth of the pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceutical industry in both countries and the importance of mutual cooperation in trade, industry and production in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical sectors, both the countries have been trying to establish a formal mechanism of bilateral cooperation.
We fought together to make development the foundation of global trade.
The legislation would provide for functional autonomy to the institutes to design and develop courses, undertake research activities and leverage enhanced status in their academic pursuits, so that they become world class institutes.
Rise in GDP, a rising middle class and their purchasing power is creating further growth in our huge domestic market.
You can also make cashless payment for this.
This is the fifth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video bridge with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Many times while conversing with you, reading your letters or listening to your thoughts sent on the phone, I feel that you have adopted me as part of your family.
Ministry of Railways have signed MoUs for technical cooperation in the Rail sector with various foreign Governments and National Railways.
He was briefed on various health and medical activities being performed at the premises.
He complimented the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh, Shri Shivraj Singh Chouhan for the work done by him on river water conservation, and the Narmada.
There are signs of convergence, between cheaper renewable energy, technologies, and digital applications.
During the last PETROTECH Conference in December 2016, I mentioned four pillars for India’s energy future.
The depositories will ensure the integrity of the data in the NAD.
The Scheme “FMBAP” has been framed by merging the components of two continuing XII Plan schemes titled “Flood Management Programme (FMP)” and “River Management Activities and Works related to Border Areas (RMBA)”.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for introduction of the “Surrogacy (Regulation) Bill, 2016”.
This festive occasion came to us after fifteen years as the Junior Hockey team won the World Cup.
Joint effort by G-20 countries to form a mechanism that denies entry and safe havens to all fugitive economic offenders.
We inhabit a strategically complex environment.
Speaking on the occasion, he thanked the people of Anand for turning out in such large numbers.
This, in turn, will result in economic development and employment generation.
He said the reason for this is that India is transforming itself.
Speaking on the occasion after witnessing an enthralling carnival parade, he said this is the first time that tribal groups from across the country would be in Delhi at the time of the festive occasion of Diwali.
This is the first bilateral visit to India by President Joko Widodo.
The ‘Quit India Movement’ was an important milestone in the Indian Freedom Movement.
The BMEC and AKIC projects are at early stages of project development.
Why don’t we compete with ourselves?
Central government and State Governments are working hand in hand with their utmost efforts to provide relief and assistance to the flood-affected.
People should know that rapists are being sent to the gallows.
Recalling his long association with Shri Venkaiah Naidu, the Prime Minister said Shri Naidu is always sensitive to the requirements of the rural areas, the poor and the farmers, and his inputs on these issues have been of immense value.
I am sure you won’t do anything like that.
Our political relations are infused with goodwill, warmth and trust.
The outcomes are that in this short period:
There is also a clear need to build norms, create structures and pool our capacities to stop tax evasion, and fight against black money and corruption.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval forentering into an Agreement between India and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) of China for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to taxes on income.
My dear countrymen, there is an abundance of events in our culture, of which we can be proud and display them in the entire world with pride – and one of them is the Kumbh Mela.
Some of them very aptly narrate in a voice and style resembling that of Modi’s.In this way for those 30 minutes they become Narendra Modi.
The two leaders agreed that the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between India and Russia is an important factor for global peace and stability.
54 lakh houses have been sanctioned under Pradhan MantriAwaas Yojana (Urban), since the inception of the scheme.
The Prime Minister said that colonialism began in India, and its end too, began with India’s independence, which was soon followed by the fall of colonialism across Asia and Africa.
And, a key reason for this is your strong and dynamic leadership.
I have been a Chief Minister for a long time and I know the importance of states in the development of the country.
We are well set to become a 5 trillion dollar economy in the near future.
Every moment there is a new innovation, a new technology.
If we do that, the potential is huge.
Private sector participation has been increasing in many segments of the value chain.
The Ahmedabad Metro Rail phase 1 project is around 40.03 km in total, out of which 6.5 km is underground and the rest of the stretch is elevated.
He had made a very moving appeal in the Constituent Assembly that we have to safeguard our hard fought democracy till the last drop of our blood.
This project will improve connectivity and further economic growth.
It is indeed an honour for us to receive you in India.
He said this is extremely important for India, as an emerging and vibrant economy.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today presented Myanmar State Counsellor Daw Aung San Suu Kyi a special reproduction of the original research proposal that she had submitted for fellowship at the Indian Institute of Advanced Study at Shimla in May 1986.
The allocation for the schemes in these categories has been hiked substantially.
Ministers of State (Independent Charge)
The Government has earmarked a sum of Rs. 20,339 crore for this purpose.
The Reserve Bank, banks and post offices have to make many arrangements at very short notice.
After dinner, the entire family can go for a walk with the children.
Ayushman Bharat seeks to undertake path breaking interventions to holistically address health issues.
His death anniversary or mahaparirvan divas falls on 6th December.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Shri Jagdish Thakkar, the PRO in the PMO.
He was given thematic presentations on various aspects of the Railways, and later addressed the Railway Officers.
The implementation of scheme would generate 6.2 lakh man-days employment for unskilled workers, 6.2 lakh man-days employment for semi-skilled andl 1.67 lakh man-days employment for skilled workers.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the loss of lives caused by a fire at Central Ammunition Depot in Pulgaon, Maharashtra.
The package rates will include all the costs associated with treatment.
My dear countrymen, I had the opportunity to visit South Africa for the first time some time back.
Any instance of violence brings shame to the nation.
A considerable increase has also been made in transmission lines.
I met him and his life has touched my heart.
The State component would be utilised for the projects in each State as per their share on normative allocation basis.
The proposed Mission would act as an engine of growth that would benefit national initiatives in health, education, energy, environment, agriculture, strategic cum security, and industrial sectors, Industry 4.0, SMART Cities, Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) etc.
An unprecedented number of countries from across the world, joined hands with us.
The Prime Minister described the Indian community all over the world, as ambassadors of India, whose hard work and discipline has raised India’s stature worldwide.
The 31st of October is the birth anniversary of our beloved Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.
He said that by applying what they learn, and through the Start-Up sector, there is a lot that they can do for society.
‘Digi Dhan Vyapar Yojana’ is mainly for traders and businessmen.
He described the Uttar Pradesh Government’s “One District, One Product” scheme as an extension of “Make in India.”
We would strive towards 50th rank.
We regard Kyrgyz Republic as a valuable partner in our common pursuit of making Central Asia a region of sustainable peace, stability and prosperity.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved MoU between India and Bangladesh for fairway development of Ashuganj-Zakiganj stretch of Kushiyara river and Sirajganj-Daikhawa stretch of Jamuna river in the Indo-Bangladesh protocol route by undertaking necessary dredging jointly by the two countries.
These include connecting Kandla to Mumbai and Porbandar to Ahmedabad and Mumbai through UDAN scheme.
In one stroke, this programme improves health, increases productivity and reduces harmful emissions.
For mapping risks related to hazards such as earthquakes we have widely accepted standards and parameters.
The Prime Minister said that the people of Haryana should think about making the entire State, Open Defecation Free, within this Golden Jubilee year.
The mega festival of Chatth, celebrated 6 days after Diwali, is one of those festivals which are celebrated in accordance with strict rituals & regimen.
The Prime Minister noted that as part of establishing a unit, an entrepreneur needs two clearances namely, environmental clearance and consent to establish.
(iii) In July, 2010, a draft cabinet note was circulated by the HRD Ministry wherein it was proposed to create a non-lapsable fund in the Public Account called “Madhyamik and Uchchatar Shiksha Kosh” (MUSK) as a receptacle for the proceeds of the Secondary and Higher Education Cess.
He wrote “India is a land of diversity.
His rich thoughts continue to shape socio-political discourse.
We will also encourage joint development and manufacturing in defence sector under the Make in India programme.
At a cost of Rs 500 crores this project will supply safe drinking water to 56000 households of Hazaribagh.
Fidel Castro was one of the most iconic personalities of the 20th century.
“I will visit Vientiane, Lao PDR on 7-8 September 2016 to attend the 14th ASEAN-India Summit and the 11th East Asia Summit.
Rashtrapati Ji is also passionate about empowering the youth, farmers & poor. “
First, follow up with students and their teachers.
The Government of India has decided to launch Pradhanmantri Jan Arogya Abhiyan so that the poor man, the common man gets free treatment for serious diseases and he can be admitted to big hospitals free of cost.
Prime Minister mentioned that BRICS has been a strong voice and needs to show leadership on terrorism and global economy.
This is a wonderful remedy for maintaining the vigour of the mind, brain and body.
Bilateral trade has grown 17% last year.
The impact of the development initiatives will benefit generations to come in Chhattisgarh, he added.
It also reflects the success, glory and enterprise of Indian diaspora the world over.
Today due to the model code of conduct, there is a loss even in those areas where the code is not applicable.
It may also recommend to the Central Government such other financial products, financial services and financial institutions which may be permitted in the IFSCs.
We will also chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science & technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
The Prime Minister spoke about yoga and holistic healthcare and appreciated the role Portugal was playing to further the message of yoga.
It provides competitive finance at various stages of the business cycle covering import of technology, export product development, export production and export credit at pre-shipment and post-shipment stages and investments overseas.
The Prime Minister mentioned major achievements of Indian science in 2018, including:
So what is the ‘Lakshman Rekha’ now and if Pakistan remains within those bounds, so talks can happen at the political level or at any other level?
Let me conclude by wishing you fruitful, engaging and rewarding deliberations at this summit.
I understand that some of those beneficiaries will get their certificates today.
He said the Smart City Initiative is not just a mission to improve infrastructure in cities, but also a mission to give India a new identity.
In this context, he mentioned the various development oriented initiatives of the Government like Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Pradhan Mantri Awaaz Yojana.
An era defined by maturity of your leadership and commitment of your people to democracy.
Technical cooperation between regulatory agencies;
Passenger Service for a section of Chennai Metro from AG-DMS Metro station to Washermenpet Metro Station was inaugurated by PM.
We celebrated 70 years of India’s Independence, last month.
It will also be observed whether the cities have created a system wherein cleanliness of cities will became public habit, or the city’s habit for that matter.
Towards this end, we have developed and implemented many policies.
v. A National Geoscientific Data Repository is proposed to be set up to collate all baseline and mineral exploration information generated by various central & state government agencies and also mineral concession holders and to maintain these on geospatial database.
Hence, the Repatriation of Prisoners Act, 2003 was enacted for serving the above purpose.
Dr. Abdul Kalam continued to work throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of Navreh.
Prime Minister welcomed Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin to India on his third visit this year.
Three factors: first, financial inclusion through our Jan-Dhan bank accounts; second, the Aadhaar platform; and third, the Mobile phone, have greatly helped reduce corruption.
In the end, let me once again thank you, the Government of Kenya and its people for the warmest of welcomes that I have received.
In order to develop and establish formal platform for cooperation in the Transport and Highways sector, a Memorandum of Understanding in the field of Road Transport and Road Industry has been jointly negotiated and finalized by both countries.
So it is right to say that there is an atmosphere all around of positive news.
The government has also come up with insurance plans to strengthen social democracy.
He also said that about 10,000 crore rupees worth of projects for the development of Gorakhpur and Eastern Uttar Pradesh have been either inaugurated, or the foundation stone laid for them, today.
The Commission was constituted under article 340 of the Constitution with the approval of President on 2nd October, 2017 and it was stipulated that it would submit its report within twelve weeks from the assumption of charge by the Chairperson.
Through Short Service Commission, we will appoint women officers in the Armed Forces of India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on the completion of three years of the Jan Dhan Yojana, has congratulated all the beneficiaries of this historic financial inclusion initiative.
I have received an incredible phone call.
I was shocked to read that every year, almost 18 million people all over the world die due to heart-related diseases.
They are expected to provide Indian Missions and Posts abroad greater flexibility in swiftly addressing to requests for assistance by Overseas Indian nationals.
The other members of Coordination Committee are Deputy Director General (Crop Sciences), ICAR; Director, NSRTC; IRRI representative in India, representative of Government of UP and representatives of Governments of Nepal & Bangladesh and Private Sector.
The speed at which the smooth transition has taken place, along with rapid migration and new registrations, has instilled a new sense of confidence in the entire country.
Indian youth can do it.
Separate teams will go to cities for inspection.
Will also speak to Qatar business leaders to realise the full potential of our trade and investment cooperation.
It is proposed to establish an Ayushman Bharat – National Health Protection Mission Agency (AB-NHPMA) to manage the AB-NHPM at the operational level in the form of a Society.
BRICS Friendship Cities Conclave 18.
Urging officials to break silos, the Prime Minister strongly emphasized that a mechanism should be formed to document and replicate successful innovations at the grassroots level.
India and Japan will have to continue to play a major role in Asia’s emergence.
The modernization includes installation of cutting-edge technologies for improvement in productivity, yield, quality, cost competitiveness, energy efficiency and environmental protection.
I found that exams are very much like problems you face later in life.
The population of Noida and people of surrounding areas will be greatly benefitted by the extended line.
We took leading and bold positions in former Rhodesia – which is now known as Zimbabwe, in Guinea Bassau, Angola and Namibia.
“Greetings on Milad-un-Nabi.
This is no small achievement given the vastness and diversity of our country and the federal nature of our polity.
A young engineer girl donated her first salary for this noble cause.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
Addressing a public gathering, the PM said, “We are undergoing a deep sorrow and anguish over the Pulwama attack.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop a connect, with the people around them, and with the people they serve, in course of their duties.
He said this amounts to criminal negligence towards the farmers of this area.
Our Women’s Hockey Team qualified for the Olympic Games after a space of 36 long years.
He added that about 28 lakh youth have been trained in skill development through 600 Rural Self-Employment Training Institute and around 19 lakh have been employed.
He expressed confidence that Shri Vajpayee will continue to be an inspiration for all of us.
India is happy to work together with you for wipingtears from the past and ushering in a bright future.
We know that sometimes duties are neglected, authority is misused.
This Council renders advice on all matters related to Science, Technology and Innovation and monitors the implementation of the Prime Minister’s vision on these issues.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone for India International Convention and Expo Centre (IICC) at Dwarka, New Delhi.
In view of large investment towards the cost of planting material, digging of pits, planting, manuring, irrigation and maintenance of plantation for four years without any income, farmers particularly small and marginal have shown reluctance in taking up oil palm plantation.
22. Continue to deepen sectoral relations in science and technology (S&T) through cooperation on the ASEAN-India Innovation Platform, ASEAN-India Research & Training Fellowship Scheme, and ASEAN-India Collaborative Research and Development Programme, in areas aligned with ASEAN Plan of Action on Science, Technology and Innovation (APASTI) 2016-2025, including, among others, nano-technology, materials science and biotechnology; and enhance capacity building on S&T.
President Sirisena strongly condemned the cross-border terrorist attack and offered condolences to the families of the victims.
Our conversation covered the full range of bilateral relationship.
Swami Vivekananda strongly believed in the power of Yuva Shakti.
iii. Interest Subvention of about 1.8% and NABARD’s administrative cost of 0.2% to be provided as per the scheme of Department of Agriculture, Cooperation & Farmers Welfare (DAC&FW).
Now if we consider this Centre, the decision of making it was taken in the year 1992.
Governor of Bihar, Laljee Tandon, Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Modi Union Minister of Food and Consumer Affairs Ramvilas Paswan along with several other dignitaries were present on this occasion.
Beyond terrorism, we have agreed to further deepen our security engagement in the fields of cyber security, narcotics, transnational economic offenses and human trafficking.
However, the Institution of Ombudsman failed to achieve its objectives.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Second Protocol amending the Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement (CECA) between India and Singapore.
The MoU will improve bilateral cooperation in the field of agriculture and will be mutually beneficial to both countries.
He was accompanied by the senior officials of the Bank.
Shri Narendra Modi also congratulated Shri B.K. Hariprasad for being a part of the election for Deputy Chairperson of the Rajya Sabha.
He inaugurated Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya Cancer Hospital and Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital, Lahartara.
The Prime Minister said India’s soldiers are a symbol of humanity.
As close neighbours, our relationship spreads across many layers.
He said that the recently concluded session of Parliament, was one dedicated to the cause of social justice.
The MoU was signed on 22.6.2018.
Technological progress will have wide ranging implications for production of goods and services as well as incomes of people.
20. Prime Minister Modi highlighted the major initiatives taken by the Government of India for ‘Ease of Doing Business’ through simplification and rationalization of existing rules and relaxing of foreign direct investment caps in key areas, including interalia, railways, defence and insurance.
We are concerned that the negative spill-overs by policy normalization from major advanced economies has been an important source of volatility of some emerging market economies witnessed recently.
He asked the officers to focus attention on the 100 most backward districts of India, so that they can be brought up to the national average level, on various development parameters.
Today, the country is brimming with self-confidence.
I am very happy to be here at the inauguration of the World Sustainable Development Summit.
Over the next couple of decades, most of the new infrastructure in the world will come up in our region.
Earlier, the Prime Minister performed Jal Puja for the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj memorial, in the Arabian Sea, just off the Mumbai coastline.
85. Recognizing tourism’s great potential to contribute to sustainable economic and social development, we welcome the initiative to establish a BRICS Working Group on Tourism, to foster greater cooperation between the BRICS countries and increase economic development and people-to-people relations.
· Rebuilding connectivity, restoring bridges and rejoining India with our immediate and extended geographies.
In the first few days, there will be a limit of two thousand rupees per day per card.
The Prime Minister said that PM-KISAN depends on direct transfer, and therefore the entire amount will reach the beneficiary.
• Addresses Public Meeting
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
I would be exchanging views with PM Rutte on important global issues including counter-terrorism and climate change.
So we need to understand this.
This will also provide a mechanism for countries like India to access and develop technologies that leave a low carbon footprint.
Today we have the opportunity in 2017 an enabling situation like that of 1942.
In Rajasthan, it is called Sankrant, Magh-bihu in Assam and Pongal in Tamil Nadu – all these festivals are special in their own right and they have their own importance.
More than 5 crore women have been mobilized into 45 lakh Self Help Groups (SHGs) by May 2018.
Noted world institutions have accepted that the country has taken strides in the area of poverty alleviation at a record pace.
Also, it would facilitate them to upload on SWAYAM, the courses developed in Afghanistan.
PM MODI: We held talks at every level
As you make important choices for the harmony and progress of your society, you will find in India a friend and partner that will support your nation-building endeavours.
Your motto says it all “Unitat et Labore”; work hard and in unity, the fruits of the labour will be yours.
Provision of secure, reliable, robust, and affordable telecom facilities in these islands is of importance from a strategic point of view to the country and also an important requirement for the socio-economic development of the islands.
Whenever, there is talk about Government, it is said that policies are framed but there is no last mile delivery.
Cabinet Ministers and Ministers of State for Independent Charge were also present at the meeting.
India has made rapid strides in meeting its commitment.
He said Kandla Port is seeing unprecedented growth because resources were devoted to improve the port.
Praying for the safety and wellbeing of those affected by floods, the Prime Minister hopes the situation in the affected areas normalises at the earliest.
He described Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji as ‘Bharat Marg Vidhata,’ and said he has shown us the way towards development.
The two leaders agreed that it is the Living Bridge between the people of the two countries that gives the greatest optimism that the next generation of India and UK will have an even more robust and stronger engagement and exchange.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Bahrain on cooperation in the field of Healthcare.
Validity period of industrial licenses has been increased upto fifteen years;
“Needless to say, this makes the role of our teachers extremely vital,” he added.
Earlier, during the IGC, Prime Minister Modi emphasized the big role that the European Union has to play in nurturing a rule-based global order.
Let’s see what happens when we place faith in the people of India.
My life at the Railway Station taught me so much.
ARNAB: Prime Minister Modi thank you very much for this interview.
An India that is free from the evils of corruption, casteism, communalism, poverty, illiteracy, and disease.
We have chosen the path which is difficult.
The Prime Minister said efforts are being made to make the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, as self-sufficient as possible.
Though he continues to be a driver, in a way, he has now become an ambassador for this scheme.
He said that the energy and courage of youth had played an important role in the country’s freedom struggle.
The Circuit bench of Calcutta High Court at Jalpaiguri will provide speedy justice to people of Darjeeling,Kalimpong, Jalpaiguri and Cooch Behar in North Bengal.
If you have gone on holidays with your parents, then try and remember what you saw.
13. The two sides agreed on further deepening trade and investment cooperation between the two countries by aligning the Kingdom’sVision 2030 and its 13 Vision Realization Programs with India’s flagship initiatives of “Make in India”, “Start Up India”, “Smart Cities”, “Clean India”, and “Digital India”.
The Prime Minister will dedicate the submarine at the Naval Dockyard, in the presence of the Defence Minister, important dignitaries of the Maharashtra Government, and senior Naval Officers.
So, can we do something about it?
Brazil is among our most important economic partners in Latin America.
Sometimes the mother loses her life, at times the infant does.
The leaders announced that the United States and India will be Travel and Tourism Partner Countries for 2017, and committed to facilitate visas for each other’s nationals.
5. To control costs, the payments for treatment will be done on package rate (to be defined by the Government in advance) basis.
We are reducing dependence on fossil fuels.
We must use this tool to study cancer, diabetes and infectious diseases.
How to solve the traffic problems, how to develop a system for payment of taxes?
Then we will have to continue to wage this battle for a prolonged period, it is not going to stop.
Some people are trying to divide the nation and the youth of this country are giving a fitting answer to such elements, the Prime Minister said.
He said that through Ayushman Bharat scheme we are creating health and wellness center.
The new scheme envisages self-nomination and was inspired by recent innovations in major national awards.
This is a testimony that our development is green and our wildlife is robust.
The concerns you have raised on the depleting ground water levels is indeed of great importance.
You may be aware of the fact that inside Red Fort, many chambers and structures lay locked & unused for several decades after Independence.
When divisive powers gain prominence then it leads to disintegration.
A project based approach for Non formal training for traditional jobs is also proposed.
He added that such value addition would benefit both farmers and industries.
BRICS Young Scientist Conclave 23.
Last year, I had the pleasure of hosting Prime Minister Abe and Mrs. Akie Abe in my home state Gujarat also.
The Delhi Meerut Expressway, once completed, will significantly reduce travel times from the National Capital to Meerut, and to several other parts of Western Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand.
This will connect North East India with the National Gas Grid.
We also share the vision of a multi-polar, rules-based international order.
This has helped us protect and promote our security interests, nurture strong economic and energy ties and advance the material and social welfare of around 8 million Indians.
In his address, the Prime Minister mentioned the emphasis that Mahatma Gandhi placed on cleanliness.
He added that their performance have made the entire nation proud.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Gujaratis across the world, on the beginning of New Year.
The festive atmosphere will lead to a burden-free environment.
During the freedom movement, the lawyers had placed their lives at stake for the freedom of India.
Ministry of Railways have signed MoUs for technical cooperation in the Rail sector with various foreign Governments and National Railways.
At the invitation of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, Mr. Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan, will undertake an official visit to India on September 13 and 14, 2017.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today reviewed the progress of preparations towards the launch of the Health Assurance programme under Ayushman Bharat.
They therefore agreed to promote shared interests of the peoples of the two countries so as to live together harmoniously and in a mutually beneficial inter-dependent environment.
These factors will lead to increment of traffic demand and need for an efficient pollution-free mass rapid transport system.
If you give me the opportunity, I want to do a bit of analyses.
The Prime Minister said that the values of Indian civilization and culture can provide guidance to the entire world, in an era of instability.
He added that “I heard that there are around 62000 beneficiaries in Tripura alone.
The Prime Minister said that he is a “product of the ancient Indian tradition that firmly believes in dialogue on difficult issues.”
He asserted that initiatives like Make in India, Digital India and Start up India have become global magnets for investment.
It is natural for each one of us to feel proud of this great tradition of India.
Nidhi ji, many thanks for your phone call!
The proposal will help in closing loss making companies and ensuring release of valuable assets for productive use, or for generating financial resources for developmental progress.
The Prime Minister appreciated the various discussions and inputs shared during the Conference.
The Prime Minister was addressing a select gathering at his residence, 7 Lok Kayan Marg after releasing the commemorative coin to mark the birth anniversary of Guru Gobind Singh jee.
And we consider the waste taken out from a toilet pit as sheer useless garbage but if considered from the angle of its use as a fertiliser, this, in a way, is black gold.
Lord Krishna was immensely powerful, but it is only when the milkmen came out with sticks in his support that they could lift the Govardhan parvat.
The MoC has already been signed in February, 2017.
The Britishers not only made us slaves but they tried to enslave us mentally as well.
The menace of terror can be contained only when the nations are united in the fight against terrorism.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Dipa Karmakar on winning Gold in vault event at FIG World Challenge Cup.
I noticed something else this time – one is that we clean up a place, and the second is that we become aware and do not spread filth; but if we have to inculcate cleanliness as a habit, we must start an idea- based movement also.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy (HELP).
And, we need to act both individually and collectively.
Even today there are millions of people in the country who do not have their own house.
Today, India and Lao PDR cooperate in a number of multilateral and regional fora.
He also called for greater coordination between all mineral-related departments during the survey and mapping of geological potential regions.
Implementation of the project would minimise such wastage of water.
I am grateful to Nitish Ji and his entire team for supporting all the government of India schemes in every possible manner.
In order to provide employment immediately, the government has decided that 10 thousand Special Police Officers (SPOs), about 1200 Para Military and about 4000 candidates in 5 IR battalions will be recruited.
We have reached the 100th spot in Ease of Doing Business ranking.
Today, I don’t want to say much to the parents.
More than 14 thousand villages that were hitherto shrouded in darkness even after Independence, have been provided with electricity.
This shows that the Swachhta Abhiyan is touching people’s lives.
The Convention will not function in the same way as an Amending Protocol to a single existing treaty, which would directly amend the text of the Covered Tax Agreements.
Our Ministers have covered virtually all African nations.
It is expected that subsequent to the MoU, the Indian Textiles & Apparel Industry would be able to produce world class silk and silk products.
How much has this affected his moving towards his own targets?
He said these elements consider themselves to be above all institutions.
I had made an appeal to change brain-drain into brain-gain.
Similarly, we have moved up 32 spots in last two years in the Global Competitiveness Index.
Addressing a public meeting, he described water as a holy offering from nature.
We will also be happy to enhance the level of investment in Kenya.
· Barauni-Kumedpur
Myanmar condemned the recent barbaric terror attacks during the Amarnath Yatra in India as also various acts of terror perpetrated by terrorists from across the borders.
On the one hand, we are now No. 1 in the rate of economic growth.
I am delighted to renew close bonds of friendship that we have nurtured with ASEAN over the years.
The third theme is to spread the good word.
We continue to strive toward universal energy access, energy security, energy affordability, reduced pollution and environmental conservation.
It was worth watching the zeal of the young and old alike.
They noted that the spread of terrorist organisations at the global and regional level, and the significant rise in acts of terrorism directly undermined the international peace and security environment and endangered efforts to ensure sustainable growth and development.
In spite of many steps taken, we have only been able to reach a ranking of seventy-six now.
Prime Minister Modi invited participation of Norwegian pension funds in the National Investment and Infrastructure Fund.
The provisions in the earlier treaty for residence-based taxation were leading to distortion of financial and real investment flows by artificial diversion of various investments from their true countries of origin, for the sake of avoiding tax.
Students also mentioned the need to further improve education systems and ensure that exams are not only reduced to rote learning but also showcase what students have learnt.
iv. A greater participation of experts and alumni in the Board is amongst otherimportant features of the Bill.
India’s transparent development cooperation is in line with Myanmar’s national priorities and also builds synergy with the Master Plan of ASEAN Connectivity.
But, they are both deeply interdependentand interconnected.
Recalling their shared commitment to preventing proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery, the leaders looked forward to India’s imminent entry into the Missile Technology Control Regime.
He even presented some samples to the Prime Minister.
Thus, now, the Estate Officer can make such inquiry as he deems expedient in the circumstances of the case and thus do not have to follow the elaborate procedures prescribed as per sections 4, 5 and 7 of the Act.
I also look forward to productive discussions and positive outcomes that will support the agenda of a stronger BRICS partnership under the chairmanship of China.
I will be visiting St. Petersburg, Russia from 31st May to 2nd June for the 18th India-Russia Annual Summit.
The Seoul Peace Prize Committee has decided to confer the 2018 Seoul Peace Prize on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, in recognition of his dedication to improving international cooperation, raising global economic growth, accelerating the Human Development of the people of India by fostering economic growth in the world’s fastest growing large economy and furthering the development of democracy through anti-corruption and social integration efforts.
The land transaction will enable MMRDA to complete the Metro rail project in Mumbai.
Union Home Minister, Shri Rajnath Singh, Union Finance Minister, Shri ArunJaitley and Union Minister of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare, Shri Radha Mohan Singh were present in the meeting, along with members and officials of NDMA.
These days, a new measure to gauge a new dimension, a new parameter, has come in to being.
We are today the fastest growing economy in the world.
Many of us may not be aware that the jawans of our security forces play an important role not only on our borders but they play a very vital role in establishing peace the world over.
This is a limitless wealth.
81. BRICS Trade Fair (12-14 October 2016, New Delhi) 82.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Cadre Review of Indian Telecommunications Service, Group Á’.
Both the dignitaries discussed ways to enhance India- US cooperation including on counter-terrorism and in multilateral fora.
Who can be a better judge than you yourself to set a target for this task?
The first twenty meetings of PRAGATI have seen a cumulative review of 183 projects with a total investment of Rs. 8.79 lakh crore.
Technological interventions have significant potential in stimulating the recovery of hydrocarbon reserves from the matured/aging fields.
• If the law of the land is working, then we have to join hands together ward off the challenge from those who try to save themselves by raking up the issue of political conspiracy.
*allow traders and small businesses in Afghanistan to connect with immense commercial and economic opportunities in India.
The Cadre Review of ITS has been undertaken after 28 years – Last Cadre Review was done in 1988.
The Commission has been functioning as a collegium right from its inception.
And, it manifests itself several layers, multiple themes and different geographies.
Appointment of the Adjudicating Authority would provide first stage review of administrative action under the PBPT Act.
Late in the evening, the Prime Minister drove through the streets of Varanasi, evaluating the development of the city.
In a way it is the beginning of two new schemes.
He said Amul is not only about milk processing, but an excellent model of empowerment.
Today, India’s success story can be define in just four letters.
“India and US will co-host the Global Entrepreneurship Summit at Hyderabad from 28-30 November 2017.
Ours is a friendship that lives in the hearts of our peopleand in the fabric of our societies.
People who take calculative steps only through the prism of politics, cannot take such decisions.
In government jobs, the extent of reservation for them has been enhanced to 4%.
It sounds very simple, but in reality it is not so.
At a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach, and a Humsafar Rake.
Come on, let us express our gratitude towards them.
Being a regulator of India’s skill ecosystem, NCVET will have a positive impact on each individual who is a part of vocational education and training in the country.
This deprived them of the opportunities for savings as well as access to institutional credit.
The Board of Trustees of NICDIT will consist of (i) Chairperson – Secretary, DIPP, (ii) Secretary, Department of Expenditure, (iii) Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs, (iv) Secretary, Road Transport & Highways, (v) Secretary, Shipping (vi) Chairman, Railway Board, (vii) CEO, NITI Aayog, and (viii) Member Secretary, who will act as full time CEO of NICDIT.
• The age of superannuation of teaching sub-cadre was further enhanced from 62 to 65 years with the approval of the Cabinet in its meeting held on 05.06.2008 in view of huge shortfall of teaching specialists.
We also don’t know everything.
The Prime Minister called for widespread debate and consultations on simultaneous elections for Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas, keeping in view various aspects such as the resulting financial savings and consequent better utilisation of resources.
Justification:-
On 30th November, you met Nawaz Sharif on the sidelines (of UN Climate Summit in Paris).
Offences by Juveniles
the song of the earth
The Status Report of Special Committee on ILR consists of substantial progress made in three priority links namely Ken-Betwa Link, Damanganga-Pinjal Link and Para-Tapi-Narmada Link alongwith status of other Himalayan and Peninsular links identified as per National Perspective Plan of 1980.
Creating a Healthier World: by cooperating in research and development to eradicate diseases, and enabling affordable healthcare for all; 8.
According to traditional Jewish accounts, Joseph Rabban was later crowned as the Prince of Shingli, a place in or equated with Cranganore.
We are working to grow over 8% and more in the years ahead.
Thousands of people have used their mobile phones to post small messages on my app.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today delivered the Inaugural Address (via Video Conference) at the National Conference of Central and State/UT Ministers and Secretaries of Tourism, Culture and Sports.
4. Regulation of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and cosmetics and exchange of information thereon;
Mentioning the massive expenditure that has to be borne by exchequer on account of frequent elections, and other related issues such as diversion of security forces and civil staff, and impact on development programmes, the Prime Minister called for a constructive discussion on the possibility of holding simultaneous elections for the Union and State Governments.
He said this scheme would positively impact 50 crore people.
And, where the engines of our industrial growth are increasingly driven by clean energy.
39. The two sides expressed their hope for achieving a just, comprehensive and lasting peace in the Middle East based on the Arab Peace Initiative and the relevant UN resolutions, to guarantee the legitimate rights of the Palestinian people.
Under Mudra, 15 crore people have got loans totaling worth over Rupees seven lakh crore.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the package for supporting Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) – Augmentation of the Corpus of Credit Guarantee Trust Fund for Micro and Small Enterprises (CGTMSE).
This was the first of five such interactions.
As a gate-way to South East Asia, Mizoram stands to gain immensely from this.
Sister Nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads.
We would be happy to support you in this process.
I am a resident of Mumbai and work for the India Research Centre of Harvard University.
A virtual who-is-who of the Swiss business including ABB, Lafarge, Novartis, Nestlé, Rieter, Roche etc. joined the Round Table with PM.
Name : Mansukh Lakshmanbhai Mandaviya
• The utility of DNA based technologies for solving crimes, and to identify missing persons, is well recognized across the world.
In addition, there will be an Administration Block, AYUSH Block, Auditorium, Night Shelter, Hostels and residential facilities.
And how can we refer to the Maratha Navy and not remember Kanhoji Aangre!
I urge the young generation to know and understand the fortitude and the sentiment displayed by these families.
Make good use of the hash tag Incredible India and share your experiences.
I have instructed the concerned department to convey to you efforts being made in this direction.
I always stress that Democracy doesn’t merely mean that people vote for you and give you the contract to run this country for five years.
What punishment will they get?
I remember, when I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat – the temple of Ambaji there is visited in the month of Bhadrapad by lakhs of devotees travelling by foot.
Aapada Mitra, or Friends during Disaster were identified at various places and these were then trained in the Do’s and Don’ts; volunteers were enlisted, and a people’s organisation set up to work in this situation.
Our Swachh Bharat Mission to improve sanitation and cleanliness, and the rural and urban housing missions underline our commitment towards dignity of life.
My dear brothers and sisters of Bihar, as far as I can see, I see people everywhere.
I will also address the Indian community.
Ancient India’s expertise in metallurgy is also well known.
I would like to laud your leadership and I think it is a manifestation of your excellent leadership.
I sat with leaders from different states separately to understand specific problems and what we could do for water in those states.
The Sides noted the importance of cooperation in the area of transport education, personnel training and scientific support in the implementation of international transport corridors.
The MoU intends to promote closer cooperation for exchange of knowledge and experience in detection, resolution and prevention of cyber security-related incidents between India and Vietnam.
The GST Council has been told to review all the bottlenecks and problems- related to technology, filling of forms among others and a solution be worked out involving all political parties and state Governments.
The highest United Nations Environment Award ‘Champions of the Earth’ was conferred upon India.
The Prime Minister said that times have changed due to the influence of technology, and the need of the hour is collectivity, connectivity, and creativity.
The Prime Minister has been in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the flood situation.
All states are slated to gain immensely as they shall now get equal opportunities of development.
Only then can we create the India of the dreams of our freedom fighters.
India is pursuing its transformation in unsettled times, which is equally the result of human progress and violent turmoil.
The Cabinet in its meeting held on 27.10.2016, decided to enable the States to regulate supply, distribution, sale, production, stock, storage, purchase and movement etc, in respect of sugar for a period up to six months.
The tragedy is heart-wrenching.
Micro irrigation is stressed upon.
The bedrock of our development agenda lies in the notion of “SabkaSaath,SabkaVikaas” – that is: Collective Effort, Inclusive Growth.
Measuring over 2.8 meters and over 800 kg, the Bhagwad Gita is one of the kind in the world.
Mr. Jorge Faurie, Foreign Affairs Minister
We have to realise the importance of this responsibility of ours.
But if I need to give houses to the poor, we would need revenue.
· Second Meeting of the BRICS E-commerce Working Group – 10 May (East London)
Urban Development and Sanitation
• MOU on Cooperation in Agricultural Research and Education between the Indian Council of Agricultural Research and the University of Copenhagen, Faculty of Science, Denmark
Secrecy was essential for this action.
We have a feeling of fulfilling our duties and this inspires us to work even harder because you people continue to bless us.
India has emerged a hub for start-ups and innovation.
The challenges of climate change can be tackled by adopting the solutions in our conduct, which have been mentioned in our epics and those are the parts of our traditions.
He said a “digital divide” cannot be allowed to take root in the society.
The Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation has been envisaging bilateral cooperation with other countries in water resources development and management through sharing of policy and technical expertise, conducting of training courses, workshops, scientific and technical symposia, exchange of experts and study tours.
Signed on the Maldives side by
Our soldiers reach out to provide relief and rescue operations during natural calamities.
Those who ruled the nation for so many years never even bothered to think about OROP properly.
Moving uphill sometimes witnesses breakdowns.
In this context, he mentioned the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre, the Dr. Ambedkar National Memorial, the Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra and the new office building for the Central Information Commission.
These quotations were used to highlight several important facets of the Constitution, and governance.
Implementation:
The other infrastructure facilities like building and training hostel are being established.
Our desire to achieve all our wants has created income inequalities in communities and disturbed social harmony.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of Memoranda of Understanding for Secondment Programme between the Department of Economic Affairs (Indian Economic Service Cadre) and The Treasury, Government of Australia, for a period of three months.
Mrs. Parly briefed the Prime Minister about developments in bilateral defence cooperation.
The approval would result in strengthening of the cadre structure both at the DoT headquarters and in the field units on the basis of functional requirement.
Please speak loudly for a solution.
Both countries have a large segment of their population living in rural areas and are pre-dominantly dependent on agriculture and its allied activities for their livelihoods.
Schemes such as Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandhana Yojana and Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan is making Safe pregnancy a mass movement.
Boost to Metro Rail connectivity in Indore
5. Promotion of business development opportunities in pharmaceuticals;
Ease of Doing Business
Vande Bharat Express has 16 air-conditioned coaches of which 2 are executive class coaches.
In-principle approval of the Cabinet at this stage is being obtained for joining the Bank.
Bharat Interface For Money – i.e. BHIM App has expanded digital payments in cities as well as in rural areas.
It will provide enabling environment for enhanced and seamless connectivity while providing commercial opportunities to the carriers of both the sides ensuring greater safety and security.
The Prime Minister shall then arrive in Rajkot.
He also laid the foundation stone of the Srinagar Ring Road.
This tells us that this was a good evidence of the determination of India.
The Prime Minister also visited Live Crop Demonstration Plots at the venue – Vasantdada Sugar Institute.
They also encouraged direct flights from India to Indonesia by the airlines of India.
Israel could be a technology partner in this process of transformation.
The President accepted the invitation.
Indians in general, and Gujaratis in particular, have had their second home in Kenya.
At the outset, I express my gratitude to lakhs of citizens of our country for sending in a multitude of suggestions when I ask for them before ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
Interacting with the famers’, Prime Minister said that to ensure the overall welfare of the farmer, government has provided Soil Health Cards;credit through Kisan Credit Cards; quality fertilizers through the provision ofNeem coated Urea, crop insurance through FasalBimaYojana and irrigation through Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana.
India, today, is considered as the world’s largest democratic country.
The 116th meeting of the trustees of Shri Somnath Trust was held at Somnath today.
· BRICS Sports Council of Ministers Meeting
Dr. Kim said he was impressed by the progress made towards the ambitious targets in these programmes.
India rejoices in the victory of Vinesh Phogat.
New hospitals will be constructed in 2 tier and 3 tier cities.
Leveraging of networks, low-cost deposits and subsidiaries of the three banks has the potential of yielding significant synergies for positioning the consolidated entity for substantial rise in customer base, market reach, operational efficiency, wider bouquet of products and services, and improved access for customers.
No poor person wants to pass on his poverty as a legacy to his children.
“Happy Diwali!
Online journals for Indian scholars and institutions
The “doer” need no “Action” thereafter and the Karma (Act) doesn’t wait for the “doer”.
From completing work before the sunset and forcing children to study with kerosene lamps, electrification has made life very easily.
Foreign Minister Tilak Marapana is on a three-day bilateral visit to India.
He said, “This is one more example of improving ease of living to our citizens.”
I’ll convey these to our contingent.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said India’s history is not only about defeat, poverty or colonialism.
The commercial vehicle population of thirteen million is projected to reach fifty six million by 2040.
Therefore, the unit and other associated facilities were lying unutilized.
The identified areas of cooperation include high speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure, etc.
The Prime Minister said, “Here are moments from my morning exercises.
And, we are determined to move into the top 50 next year.
No Indian can ever forget.
We have resolved a number of regulatory and policy issues facing businesses and companies.
They agreed that this phenomenon presented the single biggest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region and beyond.
The Prime Minister thanked Swami Avdheshananda for his words of praise and appreciation.
He also believed in the power of education.
Ujjwala Yojna for Clean Energy, Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojna for Financial Inclusion reflect this spirit.
This indeed is their tribute to Abdul Kalam Ji in the form of sheer hard work and sweat.
A bond of kinship and when you will be meeting from the cadets from other states then you would be surprised to know about their uniqueness and their diversity.
f) To exchange experiences in the areas of promotion, marketing, destination development and management.
The ‘Greenovation Exhibition’ at WSDS 2018 will showcase the latest technological advancements to meet Sustainable Development Goals.
The Kendra provides information through various exhibits, about the life, valour and achievements of Maharana Pratap, the famous King of the erstwhile kingdom of Mewar.
Over the last few years, there has been a significant intensification of our engagement in various fields with African countries and there have been as many as 23 outgoing visits to Africa at the level of President, Vice President and Prime Minister in the last four years.
This will also give boost to people, desirous of seeing and enjoying the beauty of the mighty seas.
I wish to be a part of this journey along with you.
By 2022, how will Indian PSUs integrate innovation and research?
A combination of robust civil nuclear cooperation, LNG sourcing, partnership in the Oil and Gas sector, and engagement in renewables can construct a promising ‘Energy Bridge’ between our two countries.
Target Group
This will enable the in-service untrained elementary teachers to complete their training and ensure that all teachers at the elementary level in the country have a certain minimum standard of qualifications.
Vietnam is a friendly nation with whom we cherish our relationship.
Therefore, in recent years, there has been unprecedented focus on manufacturing and infrastructure.
This has been proved by all scientific methods that a serious damage is caused because of an excessive use of urea.
But before the last Parliament session, the Speaker had called all the parties for a meal.
He said the e-NAM Yojana is benefiting farmers and giving them access to better markets.
This will be funded by Government Budgetary Support (50%) and 50% by IBRD or other MDB.
Lokmanya Tilak ji started this great tradition, and this year marks the 125th anniversary of community Ganesh festival.
• Because it is a measure of the quality of our public policies;
Spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar joined the interaction from Bengaluru.
The two leaders also shared views on their respective foreign policy visions of achieving global prosperity and security.
That is, if your heart is pure, then the Absolute master resides within your heart.
At this time an important task of managing waste water is before Rajkot.
• Funding for CA to the Rajasthan Feeder and Sirhind feeder shall be made through NABARD under existing system for funding of 99 PMKSY-AIBP projects under LTIF.
1. Appointment of an Adjudicating Authority, along with the three additional Benches and to establish the Appellate Tribunal under the PBPT Act;
The indoor sports facility will help the youngsters and give them a chance to play indoor games.
Bapu gave an inspirational mantra to all of us which is known as Gandhiji’s Talisman.
We have joined hands with other nations in the combined fight against terrorism.
The steps required in the direction of implementation of GST are being taken ahead of the schedule so far.
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
My Sankranti greetings to all Kannadigas.
The Union Government has recognized great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Babasahed Ambedkar, and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, he added.
“Inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Dr. Rajendra Prasad became an active part of India’s freedom struggle.
A new scheme is being launched for pregnant women.
Whether a fertilizer needs to be used or not, the farmer will understand.
He said that Ms. Ngan, as the first woman to head the National Assembly of Vietnam, is a source of inspiration to women across the world.
Thuglak was a platform for all.
We took another small decision.
Some diabetic patients have also been able to control it thorough their yogic practice.
7. Any other area of cooperation decided mutually between the two countries.
He also mentioned the role played by women in the freedom struggle, and said that women can add immense strength to our common objectives, even today.
The Prime Minister said that today, the life of a sportsperson can span several decades.
India’s former President Shriman Abdul Kalamji used to speak of Nanaji’s contribution in rural development while talking to the youth.
PM said the Bandipora rural BPO will open up a window of opportunity for the youth in the region.
13921 civilians have lost their lives till 2015.
It shows World Bank’s commitment to encourage nations to undertake reforms which benefit society and economy.
I won’t be wrong to say that the people today are more influenced by the ideas of Babasaheb than the family which was behind the conspiracy.
As part of commemoration of 150th Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, the following categories of prisoners will be considered for special remission and released in three phases.
We have seen the damage such laziness, incompetence or perhaps some hidden motives, can cause to the nation.
There are grave questions in front of the poor and therefore we all have the responsibility of fulfilling this commitment for the country and to die for the country.
They appreciated the regular holding of sector specific institutional mechanisms in the areas of security and defence, trade and commerce, power and energy, border management and connectivity etc. for effective follow-up of decisions taken at the highest political levels.
Let me share with you some of my thoughtson the hydrocarbon sector and our endeavourto achieve energy security.
All these efforts are for providing Basic Lifeline support to people and to make their lives more comfortable.
The program also aimed at promoting unity and reconciliation among Rwandans based on the cultural principle that if a cow is given from one person to another, it establishes trust and respect between the giver and beneficiary.
The Agreement will be signed on behalf of the two countries after it is approved by the respective Governments.
3. It is true that India faces a lot of problems, but we have the capacity to find solutions.
At Cellular Jail, he visited the cells of Veer Savarkar, and other freedom fighters.
This is the 10th edition of Def-Expo.
# My name is Deepanshu Ahuja.
To address the issue of road safety and to improve the facilitation of the citizens while dealing with transport departments, Ministry of Road Transport & Highways constituted a Group of Transport Ministers (GoM) of the States.
Energy is a key driver of economic growth.
We should also work through prepaid systems.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of the Air Services Agreement between India and Mozambique.
This bears the names of soldiers who made the supreme sacrifice, in letters of gold.
Earlier, on arrival at the Academy, the Prime Minister offered floral tributes on the statues of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri.
He will be remembered for his rich service to society.
The draft Agreement takes care of Indian Customs’ concerns and requirements, particularly in the area of exchange of information on the correctness of the Customs value declared and authenticity of certificates of origin of the goods traded between the two countries.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, telephoned His Excellency, Mr. Malcolm Turnbull, the Prime Minister of Australia today to wish him Diwali greetings.
26. Encourage health cooperation in areas relevant to the ASEAN Post-2015 Health Development Agenda, particularly in the area of strengthening health system and access to care, as well as safe and good quality medical products and affordable quality medicines, including traditional and complementary medicines.
I wish the World Sustainable Development Summit a great success.
Now, this is the responsibility of all of us to make a New India in the light of the thinking of the makers of our Constitution.
Your countries are close and valued partners of India.
He will also address a public meeting.
My dear brothers and sisters,
You must have been a witness yourself to the curiosity in the air when the Padma awards are announced, and people are inquisitive about the awardees.
Mr. Satish Kumar from Jammu, received a loan of Rs. 5 lakh.
The policy envisages school health programmes as a major focus area as also health and hygiene being made a part of the school curriculum.
A new consciousness is visible in their eyes, when they look at an Indian.
Indignation was expressed everywhere about the activities in the Parliament.
As per the 71st NSSO Survey on Education 2014, only 6% of rural households have a computer.
We are opening up both road and rail routes to our neighbouring countries.
Five new Metro Rail Projects covering a total length of over 140 kilometers have been approved.
This has transparency, this has empowerment, this has entrepreneurship too.
Wishing the people of Maharashtra on the special occasion of Gudi Padwa.
Several important decisions have been taken in this budget keeping in mind the concerns 0f Senior Citizens.
Government debt as percentage of GDP is consistently declining.
That is his big challenge.
We are working day and night to ensure Good Governance which includes easy, effective and transparent Governance.
I never had the opportunity to meet the world leaders earlier.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who was on a historic visit to Portugal, met the Indian community in Lisbon, and interacted with them.
Union Minister for Health and Family Welfare Sh.
Demonetization followed this move.
2) The collaboration with scientific and research bodies, universities and industry for the scientific and technological development necessary for exploration in public- private partnership.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, young innovators explained how the various government schemes under Start-Up India initiative have helped set up the new start-ups.
We have an open mind and our doors are always open.
The Prime Minister today interacted with Young Entrepreneurs at the “Champions for Change” initiative organised by NITI Aayog at Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra.
Addressing a large gathering, he announced that pilgrims for the Ardh-Kumbh this time will also be able to visit the Akshay Vat.
I am aware that India’s transformation is not separated from its external context.
Violent incidents, people fleeing from homes and hiding in forests were a matter of daily occurrence.
On Vesak, my hope is that India and Sri Lanka will work together to uphold the ideals of Lord Buddha and promote values of peace, accommodation, inclusiveness, and compassion in the policies and conduct of our governments.
The construction activity involved for creation of the physical infrastructure for the various new AIIMS and Government Medical Colleges’ upgradation projects being undertaken under the scheme is also expected to generate substantial employment in the construction phase as well.
Over the last three years, we have systemically and critically evaluated business regulations.
A person called Ravi has written to me – “Good News Everyday — he writes — please ask your officials to post about one good incident every day.
He also dedicated to the nation, inaugurated, or laid the Foundation Stone for various development projects at Andawa in Prayagraj.
Thus the Medipark project will play an important role in enhancing quality health care delivery in India.
We have to instill this feeling and values in our families.
There are certain powers behind it.
Earlier, she and her husband earned their livelihood selling toys as hawkers.
The Prime Minister congratulated the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Yogi Adityanath, and said his focus on good governance is taking the State to new heights.
He said all officers must keep the poor and the ordinary citizens in their minds while taking decisions.
The MoU has already been signed in April, 2017.
Prime Minister Modi earlier visited Surat on 19 January 2019, to dedicate the Armoured System Complex at Hazira.
It was as if he had given me a herbal panacea.
Lieutenant General Prem Chand ji is one among those Indian Peacekeepers who carved a special niche for themselves in Cyprus.
Every Indian, social organisations, Local Self-Government Institutions, schools, colleges, various organizations – all should take one resolve or the other for a New India.
The Cabinet has also given its approval for transfer of selected small parcels of HMT land at Banglore and Kochi to different Government entities for their use in larger public interest.
He said the Government is working comprehensively towards this goal.
Do send me something, either on ‘Narendra Modi app’ or on MYGOV.IN. Today the platforms of technology are such that your message can reach me very easily.
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity.
He said that each official doing his own work is good but we also have to work together and think about how we want the Railways to be.
The President also stated that he regards the Prime Minister as a true friend of Sri Lanka, as also a close personal friend.
They will begin their voyage later this month from Goa, and expect to return to Goa in March 2018, after completing the circumnavigation.
1. Foreign investment(s) in Air India including that of foreign Airline(s) shall not exceed 49% either directly or indirectly
Ladies and gentlemen, two years later when we shall start receiving real time data from Switzerland, imagine the plight of the black money holders.
PM will also inaugurate the commencement of electrification work of 346 km long Hospet-Hubli-Vasco da Gama line.
Mentioning “ease of doing business”, he said the Government is now working towards taking this effort to the district level as well.
· Even in the civil aviation sector, 69% of the total foreign investment has come in these last three years.
The reason for this entire success was the people’s support, people’s resolve, and people’s struggle.
The work of the government of India was also new for me.
PM said, “The maritime sector in India, with its rich history, has the potential to power our nation’s transformation.
And, he began a tradition that the yatra of devotees will remain incomplete if they do not contribute by performing some physical labour or the other in the cleanliness programme.
He said that this is a technology driven century, innovation is essential, and so the Railways has to be about both ‘Gati’ (speed) and ‘Pragati’ (progress).
· 2nd BRICS Seminar on Governance, 3 to 4 July (Johannesburg)
We have recently implemented an improved internet connectivity project for the North East region in collaboration with Bangladesh.
Earlier, during the review meetings, the Prime Minister was briefed on the impact of Cyclone Ockhi, the third major cyclone of this kind, to hit this area in the last 125 years.
· Traditional skills will be recognized, nurtured and promoted through informal apprenticeships, under various programmes.
I look forward to my visit to Sochi tomorrow and my meeting with President Putin.
Efforts by the Governments will not be realized unless business leaders like you share the same dreams.
He did this through Kerala Grandhasala Sangham set up by him in 1945 with 47 rural libraries.
The press was completely muffled.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone for the Dr. Ambedkar National Memorial, to be built at 26, Alipur Road in Delhi, the place of Mahaparinirvan of Dr. Ambedkar.
It is said that we do not have a liquid long term bond market.
The policy also envisages to domestically meet the entire demand of high grade automotive steel, electrical steel, special steels and alloys for strategic applications and increase domestic availability of washed coking coal so as to reduce import dependence on coking coal from about 85% to around 65% by 2030-31.
The Phase 6 approval will cater to the launch of satellite missions during the period Q3 of 2019-20 to Q1 of 2023-24.
This isn’t a small issue.
Friends, India is one of the world’s largest markets on the strength of the population of more than 125 crore and the fast growing middle class.
I am hopeful that after proper recognition, the benefits of development will reach out to these communities at a faster pace.
Various plenary sessions are also scheduled during the event.
16. Renewable energy is a focus area for us.
We have taken a number of initiatives to infuse healthy competition among States.
The Indian refinery industry has done well in establishing itself as a major player globally.
This remarkable expansion over seventy five years, is a tribute to the visionary leadership of Thiru S.P. Adithanar, who began this newspaper in 1942.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the amendment to Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009.
101. Brazil, Russia, India, and China commend South Africa’s BRICS Chairship in 2018 and express their sincere gratitude to the Government and people of South Africa for hosting the 10th BRICS Summit in Johannesburg.
During the first fortnight of March, Women and Child Development Ministry along with the Ministry of Tribal Affairs will be laying stress on the Cleanliness Campaign.
He praised Prime Minister Abe for the fact that this project is being launched within such a short time.
It will not only provide easy movement of trains but also help in the overall development of Bundelkhand region.
Baodis are water temples in a way.
Beneficiaries:
I would encourage the private sector stakeholders on both sides to take lead in utilizing this perfect opportunity to build business ties of commerce and investment between our two countries in these areas.
The Prime Minister said that the global impression about India has changed over the last three to four years.
“India salutes the brave CRPF personnel who were martyred in the attack in Sukma, Chhattisgarh.
In this context he mentioned modern machines, loans at low interest, and the Trade Facilitation Centre in Varanasi.
Q. What is your position on the question of sovereignty in Jerusalem?
Banks have also been asked to increase working capital loans from 20 per cent of turnover to 30 per cent, for enterprises that transact digitally.
So, the global campaign of connecting with nature on 5th June should become our individual campaign as well.
He said that low growth rates, on those occasions, had been accompanied by higher Inflation, higher Current Account Deficit and higher Fiscal Deficit.
This is just the beginning.
However, I am sure the love for nation will make you sound those who have amassed black money.
“On the 75th anniversary of the historic Quit India movement, we salute all the great women & men who took part in the movement.
And finally, bring about greater cohesion in international response to disasters.
The Prime Minister said that regional imbalances should not be allowed to increase indefinitely.
Gandhi returned to India in 1915, and in 1917, he went to a small village in Bihar and gave the country a new inspiration.
He added that to achieve this, India needed reforms to transform.
A transformation shall start to usher into the life of the farmer.
In less than three years, it has in its fold, 87 members.
At this event, the Prime Minister will visit a mini Digital Exhibition.
The Ministry of Labour & Employment provides health care facilities to certain categories of workers and their dependents in the unorganized sector through its Hospitals and Dispensaries.
Noting that Pune is a city of learning, he exhorted the city to take the lead in embracing online banking and exploring the facilities available.
Following the path shown by him, Sant Ramanand had boldly attacked cast system by making people from all casts and religions his followers.
India supports initiatives to develop the existing port and transport infrastructure and connecting it through road and rail network to Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Central Asia.
The two Prime Ministers will dedicate a mobile water desalination van to Suigam Taluka, of Banaskantha district, through a video link.
They are storehouse of ideas.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will receive the United Nations’ highest environmental honour, the ‘UNEP Champions of the Earth’ award at a special ceremony in Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra, New Delhi on October 3.
Today, our Special Strategic and Global Partnership is marked by a growing convergence of economic and strategic issues.
I am happy to see so many friends from Japan happily living and doing business in Gujarat.
Direct connectivity between India and Afghanistan will usher prosperity.
He then flagged off the Metro train and took a ride in the metro.
That is why, we refer to the media, as the fourth pillar of democracy.
Now, we have come up with a law against Benami Property.
The meeting was attended by senior officials from various concerned Ministries, besides PMO and NITI Aayog.
The Sagarmala project has been undertaken for boosting port connectivity, port modernization and port-linked industries.
4. We, the Heads of State and Government, express satisfaction regarding the achievements of BRICS over the last ten years as a strong demonstration of BRICS cooperation toward the attainment of peace, harmony and shared development and prosperity, and deliberated on ways to consolidate them further.
Even after the redemption of loans taken under the special currency swap in 2013, foreign exchange reserves are high.
c) Paying taxes and tax administration
Today, we have also taken a long overdue step by signing an agreement on close cooperation between our armed forces.
They faced hardship and extreme poverty.
In 1942, conditions internationally became favourable for India to get independence, the Prime Minister said, noting that today again, the global conditions are favourable for India.
This event is in keeping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s vision of a New India by 2022.
The habitual offenders will be forced to abandon their misdeeds and join the mainstream.
He said the hopes and aspirations of India are at an all time high.
There cannot be a bigger example of compassion than this.
So, today, we are not just launching a project that will irrigate land and light up homes.
Cooperation with Brunei Darussalam through this MoU would lead to operation, maintenance and augmentation of Indian Ground Station to support India’s launch vehicle and satellite missions.
In this context, he mentioned the NDRF, the boatmen, the local population, and the sanitation workers as well.
A Joint Working Group on Public Administration and Governance will be responsible for implementation of the MoU.
All the dignitaries present here on the dais and all my friends present in this beautiful ground, I convey my best wishes on the fourth International Day for Yoga to Yoga lovers all over the world from this holy land of Devbhumi Uttarakhand.
“Make use of all that knowledge in practical life.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the people of Nagaland on their Statehood Day.
To give cashless trading a big impetus, Government of India has taken a very major decision.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given approval to accede to the Protocol under World Health Organization (WHO) Framework Convention on tobacco control to eliminate illicit trade in tobacco products.
According to the UNEP Gap Report, India is also on track to meet its Copenhagen Pledge.
The Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 applies to establishments employing 10 or more persons.
India and Kenya are two developing countries.
He said that now electricity is reaching places it had not reached for 70 years, and States which remained unconnected to the railway, are being brought on the railway map.
Mr. Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
These projects are spread over several states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
The Prime Minister gave an overview of reforms undertaken in India in the recent past.
Prime Minister congratulated Mr. Miroslav Lajcak on his election to the post of President of the 72nd UN General Assembly.
People from all over the country and around the world come and participate in the Kumbh.
Yesterday, President Kenyatta led a strong and high level delegation to the eighth Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit.
It is improving access, in domains from education to health.
In the energy sector, the Prime Minister said that the possibilities of solar energy should be pursued to the maximum, to reduce dependence on energy imports.
It will remind us of the inclusive spirit of Lord Shiva.
During the occasion he said that from today connectivity of the state will improve.
And, for this, we are working in campaign mode to skill India’s youth.
I have just returned from Kerala, and I was touched by the love and affection showered on me by the people of Kerala.
25 slots for training under the ITEC scheme in the field of dairy cooperation in order to strengthen cooperation in the Dairy sector.
PM will later address the gathering.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate Anand Agricultural University’s Incubation Centre cum Centre of Excellence in Food Processing, and a Solar Cooperative Society at Mujhkuva village.
During the visit, Prime Minister will hold discussions with State Counsellor Daw Aung San Suu Kyi on matters of mutual interest and also call on President U Htin Kyaw.
Joint Interpretative Statements in general play an important supplementary role in strengthening the investment treaty regime.
The focus constantly and I want you to reflect on this issue, the focus is on party politics, polarising issues, not on governance.
Efforts are on for a new market architecture, so as to ensure that farmers get remunerative prices on their produce.
Your Highness, I warmly recall our earlier meetings in August 2015, and in February last year.
It is a matter of pleasure for the sugarcane farmers that the production of ethanol has tripled.
Recalling India’s freedom struggle, he said Mahatma Gandhi made all Indians, soldiers for freedom, even as they continued to do their own work.
This step follows the recent amendment of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement with Mauritius.
“People of India and I join the people of Thailand in grieving the loss of one of the tallest leaders of our times, King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
My dear countrymen, Ganesh Utsav is drawing near.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has called for a collective effort to completely eliminate the ‘treatable disease’ of leprosy from India.
This is in tune with Government’s policy of “Ease of Doing Business”.
The Saudi side expressed its readiness to attract Indian private/ public sector investments and expertise, in the upcoming mega projects in Saudi Arabia.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the derailment of the Utkal Express in Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh.
He gave similar illustrations for various water supply projects.
This is unprecedented in India’s history.
It is estimated that there are more than crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
I have set a target to reduce import dependence by ten per cent by 2022.
“Remembering our first Prime Minister, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru on his birth anniversary.
May this auspicious day bring joy & prosperity in everyone’s lives.
• Cooperation in the development of automation and implementation of modernization projects
A 30 member delegation of the All Jammu and Kashmir Panchayat Conference called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, at 7 Lok Kalyan Marg today.
PM unveiled several development projects from Perumanallur village in Tiruppur.
The financial resources necessary to conduct research, training courses, conferences / meetings will be met from the existing allocated budget and existing plan schemes of Ministry of AYUSH.
PM will inaugurate Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
The MoU will explore the possibilities for the production of medicines, including Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) in different therapeutic segments in both countries.
This provides cashless, health insurance cover up to 5 lakh rupees per family, per year, covering 500 million citizens who are most poor and vulnerable.
Moreover, Iran has endorsed the status of India as a true leader in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine backed by huge and strong infrastructure and “State of the Art” production units.
It is for this reason that we have taken strong initiatives for financial inclusion.
We observe diversity in every walk of life.
The policy advocates:-
He inspected facilities in the hospital.
The Prime Minister said that if India can grow at 8 per cent per annum over the next three decades, it would be one of the world’s most advanced countries.
Women beneficiaries also explained how Self Help Groups have ushered in a positive change in their lives.
He inaugurated the University of Ladakh and said, “Young students constitute 40% of the population of Ladakh.
The leaders emphasized the need for regular convening of bilateral mechanisms, including at Foreign/External Affairs Ministers level, to review the overall state of bilateral relations, and for the expeditious implementation of the economic and development cooperation projects.
I am happy to note that you are entering into an MOU with the NDB.
However, with this government we have simplified the procedure to an extent that in last July itself, 900 such registrations have taken place.
b.Planning, administration and management of road infrastructure, technology and standards for roads/highways construction and maintenance;
As India enters its 75th year of Independence in 2022, we are working on the weaknesses and constraints that hold us back.
The Prime Minister met each athlete individually, besides interacting informally with the athletes.
He also congratulated all States and Officials in the successful implementation of the scheme.
Their sacrifice, their determination to preserve their cultural roots, and will to succeed against all odds not only shaped the generations of South African Indians.
i. Both countries shall be entitled to designate one or more airline.
It is noteworthy that the estimated number of irregular migrants in Switzerland who are thought to be from India is less than 100.
We could not have asked for a more fitting start and tribute to the International Day of Yoga.
He said that houses being given now have power and cooking gas connections, and toilets.
My best wishes to all the students who’re going to appear for their examinations, their parents and all the teachers as well.
As we work together, we draw strength and confidence from your deep commitment to protect our partnership from the designs of others.
ii. Improving sanitary environment by increasing access to hygienic and affordable toilets such as on-site processing one;
BRICS Local Bodies’ Conference (Focus: Budgeting)
He urged concerned officials to work towards a uniform set of processes and procedures for utilization of the funds, so as to benefit the backward communities, including tribals, in the mineral rich districts.
When we get to know the in depth details of their courage, bravery, valour in detail, we are filled with astonishment and pride and we also get inspired!
• Each country will get access to at least one transponder through which they could beam their own programming.
He said it was his good fortune to be among the learned people on this sacred land of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore.
• Swachh Bharat Mission to get a big boost with procurement of 100% power produced from Waste-to-Energy plants.
Our society has such characteristic that whenever any evil emerges, somebody from the society itself, start reformatory works.
Our aim is to achieve a balance.
When I wanted to know the analysis, as to whether it’s only the young people who come forward or there are elders persons too, I was heartened to learn that among the recipients, there were 15 year old young persons, as well as elderly people aged 65-70.
He said that the vision of a New India by 2022, is now a resolve of the people of our country.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in the working of the Pradhan Mantri Khanij Kshetra Kalyan Yojana, especially in the working of the District Mineral Foundations.
The National Soldiers’ Memorial is a symbol of the nation’s gratitude to those men who made the supreme sacrifice after we gained Independence.
The estimated recoverable reserves are of the order of thirty Million Metric Tonnes.
Many Many Thanks.
People say that derivatives can be used by farmers for reducing their risks.
Riddhiraj for his generosity and excellence in academics.
The PRS will be granted for a period of 10 years with multiple entry.
They called upon all countries to fully implement the Paris Agreement adopted under the principles of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change including the principles of common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities, and urged developed countries to provide financial, technological and capacity-building support to developing countries to enhance their capability in mitigation and adaptation.
This puts an onus on the collectors of these districts to work in a mission mode.
§ an action plan with specific activities, milestones, and timeliness for achievement of the objective of rejuvenation and protection of River Ganga,
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the Indian Community in Tokyo.
In their brief opening remarks, Minister for Petroleum and Natural Gas, Shri Dharmendra Pradhan, and Shri Rajiv Kumar, Vice Chairman NITI Aayog gave an overview of the work done in this sector.
How do you wish to bring about reforms?”
Agreement on Cooperation in the Field of Standardization and Conformity Assessment
Lokmanya Tilak ji started the Sarvjanik Ganeshotsav with the basic aim to inculcate the spirit of unity, enhance awareness in society, and promote the culture of togetherness.
For two years from now on, we are going to organise various programmes throughout the world on the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
We have earlier had the pleasure of receiving President Lukashenku in India in 1997 and in 2007.
I invite you to share your ideas and inputs for my speech, through the ‘Narendra Modi Mobile App.’
He added that India now stands at 3rd place in Power Ranking in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council.
I am proud of the fact that in our culture the role of women is central.
Doordarshan will telecast programmes on Shri Guru Nanak Devji and the Gurubani.
Let me assure you that notes of one hundred, fifty, twenty, ten, five, two and one rupee and all coins will remain legal tender and will not be affected.
Interacting with them, the Prime Minister spoke of the efforts being made by the Union Government to improve connectivity and infrastructure in the State.
Implementation and success will rely on countries’ own sustainable development policies, plans and programmes.
· BRICS Energy Ministers – 28 to 29 June (Gauteng)
Complimenting the members, PM said every member from the ruling party as well as the opposition has contributed significantly for the cause of people during this tenure of this Lok Sabha.
He obtained education in Banaras.
We have stepped up public capital investment in railways by more than one hundred per cent between 2014-15 and 2016-17.
Governor of Tamil Nadu,
He said Vajpayee ji showed how to take everyone together in decision making.
When we spoke of Tinkering Labs, about 13 thousand schools applied and when we talked of Incubation Centres, over four thousand academic and non-academic institutions came forward.
I listen to many phone calls too.
Calling the attack barbaric the Prime Minister expressed deep condolences at the loss of innocent lives and extended India’s unwavering support to Egypt in the fight against all forms of terrorism.
The Prime Minister said that festivals and anniversaries can be great motivators and energizers in the quest for change.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the agreement between Republic of India and the Republic of Belarus on Mutual Legal Assistance (MLAT) in Civil and Commercial Matters.
Swamiji briefed the Prime Minister about the proposed programme to celebrate the 1000th birth anniversary of Ramanuja Charya Swami in the year 2017, and installation of 216 foot metal statue of Ramanuja Charya Swami in Hyderabad on the occasion.
I learn that PN Panicker Foundation together with a number of Government agencies, private sector entities and civil society organisations, is leading an initiative of reading.
•Unveils schemes for tribal development at Limkheda
He emphasized that good governance is about speed and simplification of processes.
“How much did I score, where did I score?” – don’t get trapped in this score-keeping.
He said cooperatives can help consolidate the gains in the dairy sector, as has been the case in other parts of the country.
As scholars say, it is an instrument to produce reform through peace, rather than by force.
We are on track to meet the 2030 Nationally Determined Contribution.
Oil and Gas are a commodity of tradebut also of necessity.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji’s 550th Prakash Parv will be celebrated in a similar manner in all the countries of the world as well.
When we think of South Africa, it is very natural to remember Mahatma Gandhi and Nelson Mandela.
We have taken steps in the direction of curbing corruption and putting an end to the entire system of black money.
They decide what should be given space on the first page, what should be given more space and what should be ignored.
He expressed hope that the School will fulfill the aspiration of tribal children.
Then it is the process that makes you move ahead and that is Kriya Yoga.
He said “high-speed corridors” would be regions for rapid growth in the future.
The notification was amended from time to time based on representations received.
He also released a silver coin to commemorate the Centenary year of Shri Saibaba Samadhi.
Are not these glaring figures a true reflection of honesty?
Accordingly, it is estimated that, about 40,000 jobs will be created in the short term and about 2,00,000 in long term.
Lisbon is hosting the Web Summit – a key annual international technology conference – for 3 years from 2016 onwards.
My thoughts are with his family and admirers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has expressed pain over the loss of lives in the bus accident at Uttarkashi in Uttarakhand.
The Act defines a child as any person below eighteen years of age, and regards the best interests and welfare of the child as matter of paramount importance at every stage, to ensure the healthy physical, emotional, intellectual and social development of the child.
We note with satisfaction that the BIMSTEC Permanent Secretariat in Dhaka has become functional since September 2014 and also appreciate the contributions made by the Government of Bangladesh in operationalizing the Secretariat.
I can also see a number of Indian CEOs present here.
27. We acknowledge the outcomes of the successive BRICS Environment Ministers’ Meetings including the implementation of the Environmentally Friendly Technology Platform, Clean Rivers Umbrella Programme and the Partnership for Urban Environment Sustainability Initiative.
Remembering the sacrifices of Imam Husain, Prime Minister said that Imam always stood against injustice and attained martyrdom for upkeeping peace and justice.
The modified formulation of pension revision approved by the Cabinet will entail an additional benefit to the pensioners and an additional expenditure of approximately Rs.5031 crore for 2016-17 over and above the expenditure already incurred in revision of pension as per the second formulation based on fitment factor.
Some of them have their 10th and 12th board exams starting from the 1st of March.
This will increase the sewer coverage of the town and improve sanitation in the city.
I appeal to all the Sarpanchs and village heads to take a lead in this campaign in their respective Panchayats.
Earlier today, I announced direct Air India flights from Colombo to Varanasi.
IES Amount (In US$ million)
Policy envisages providing larger package of assured comprehensive primary health care through the Health and Wellness Centers’.
I got the news in about 10-15 days that the Aji Dam had become full to the brim and the people of Rajkot were so happy that I was told that I must visit there.
Our culture has a continuum spread over many millennia and it is a part of our heritage.
Number of Beneficiaries:
This place stands testimony to a series of sacrifices of men who laid down their lives for the sake of their country, so that we could live, so that the country could be safe & secure, paving the way for development.
In addition the centre has approved Rs.4700 crores for Tamil Nadu.
He will pay floral tributes at Statue of Netaji at Marina Park, Port Blair.
Who made 4 crore and 65 lakhs gas connections reach the poor?
The efficiency of supply chains is a key factor in any manufacturing enterprise.
The government is concerned about the quality and safety of health care being made available to the citizens and the need to act strictly against unqualified practitioners or quacks.
He said the Union Government is placing great emphasis on the development of waterways as well.
He said that more than 65 AYUSH hospitals have been developed in the last three years.
Addressing the enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister complimented the State Government for the work done by it over the past one year.
In his address, the Prime Minister said that the National Museum of Indian Cinema will provide a wonderful opportunity for the younger generation to understand and learn about Indian cinema.
Finally, I am delighted to have the chance to be with you, Prime Minister , in my home state, Gujarat, day after.
Your Majesty,
He said the city is being modernized, while protecting its ancient identity.
We call for early conclusion of negotiations on the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism to strengthen the global counter-terrorism normative and legal framework to combat this scourge.
In the previous ‘Mann Ki Baat’, some people had suggested to me that food was being wasted; not only had I expressed my concern but mentioned it too.
Under Van Dhan Yojana, Centres are being established for value addition in Forest Produce while several measures have been taken for preservation of tribal culture.
The new Umbrella Scheme includes the mechanism of ensuring remunerative prices to the farmers and is comprised of
Ayushman Bharat has a two-fold strategy.
However, I appeal to all of you to help the banks and post offices to meet this challenge with poise and determination.
Whenever we hear the words – non-violence, love and forgiveness, the inspiring faces of Gandhi and Mandela appear before us.
I pray that Mizoram progresses immensely in the years to come.
He also emphasised that ‘participation is partnership’.
In this context, the same significance of Yoga was also discussed.
A lot of public money is wasted due to cost and time over-runs.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made so far under the Saubhagya Yojana, and said that all efforts must be made to complete the ambitious target of providing 4 crore families an electricity connection within the stipulated timeline.
And when government functionaries take this initiative forward with the participation of the masses, it becomes even stronger.
In order to promote employment in the North East States, Government is incentivizing primarily the MSME Sector through this scheme.
We are truly humbled by the generosity of the Afghan spirit.
He congratulated the State Government for this achievement.
54. His Royal Highness Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence expressed his gratitude to the Government and people of India for the warm hospitality extended to him and the accompanying delegation.
we are committed to facilitating the flow of people and ideas between our geographies.
Prime Minister extended a warm welcome to Dr. Abdullah, who is in India on a two-day working visit.
Those businessmen who adopt digital transactions, who develop online payment process instead of cash transactions in their trade activities will get Income Tax rebate.
And, the answer is ‘No’.
After an entire month of fasting during Ramzan, the festival of Eid is a harbinger of celebrations.
He said that as a caring government, the objective is to ease the difficulty in the lives of people, and improve ease of living.
Shri Narendra Modi said that when Gujarat got its first LNG terminal, people were surprised.
all over our planet, in nature.
And, to the fact that they placed their faith in my government and gave it a mandate to govern.
Her cool approach to the game shall surely help the entire team.
MoU between the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas and the Ministry of Energy on Cooperation inOil and Gas Sector
Rise in GDP and purchasing power creating further growth in the domestic market;
He also asked the young generation to support and help those reeling from drug addiction.
Be it Korea or Canada, Sweden or South Africa- in every part of the world the rays of the sun were welcomed by Yogis, engaged in the practice of Yoga.
Today I will be speaking not just of policy but vision.
Solar and wind tariffs have now achieved grid parity, with rates well below 4 rupees per Kilowatt-Hour.
We cannot change the lot of our farmers until we hand hold him from procuring seeds to ensure that his produce reaches the market.
For the State Govt. funded institutions, the revised pay scales will require adoption by the respective State Governments.
These are systems, which treat individuals with care and respect.
We, therefore, agree to constructively engage in further developing the current legal framework of the multilateral trading system within the WTO, taking into consideration the concerns and interests of all WTO members, including in particular the developing members.
We have a plan that will take this vision through action.
It has been a privilege for me to be amongst the people who have been a part of this journey of the ICSI over the past 49 years and felicitate them.
To integrate RSBY into the health system and make it a part of the comprehensive health care vision of Government of India, RSBY was transferred to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) w.e.f 01.04.2015.
6. Roles and responsibilities of all the concerned Ministries/Departments with respect to biofuels has been captured in the Policy document to synergise efforts.
It will provide comfortable and reliable public transport to the travelers especially in Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar region.
The Prime Minister noted that while only three bridges were built over the Brahmaputra river in 60-70 years, three more have been completed in the last four and a half years alone.
I am confident that our decisions today will drive our strategic partnership to the next level.
The modern tools of communication have enabled 1.25 billion people of India and the friendly people of Sri Lanka to join us in this celebration.
The Prime Minister told that his Government believes in sabkasaath, sabkavikas for ease of living to the common man and appreciated the contribution and co-operation of Kerala government in completion of the project.
The visit to South Africa is in the context of BRICS Summit.
We aspire for an India that is strong and self-reliant, a nation that maintains a steady pace of progress, an India that keeps scaling new heights; an India that enjoys goodwill in the world.
In his opening remarks, RajyavardhanRathore said that Prime Minister’s vision and government’s initiativesplayed a vital role in the improved medal tally and in inspiring young sports persons.
A scheme namely “Self-Financing Housing Scheme — 2008” was floated by the Chandigarh Housing Board in the year 2008 to take care of the housing needs of eligible UT Employees of all categories.
Recently, during the 14th Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas, Niti Aayog and India’s Foreign Ministry had organized a unique competition.
This marks a watershed moment in the history of Indian sports, as the Programme aims at mainstreaming sport as a tool for individual development, community development, economic development and national development.
We are committed to reinvigorating the Commonwealth, especially ensuring its relevance tosmall and vulnerable states and to our youth, who make up 60% of the Commonwealth’s population.
We are also active drivers of regional partnerships.
Earlier, Finance Minister Shri Piyush Goyal highlighted the initiatives taken by the Union Government in the last four years, to steer the economy of India to a higher trajectory.
Yet, she would sit by me and ask me to solve problems in Mathematics.
And, now the farmer also realizes that proper soil care is needed if production is to be increased and that if we take care of our soil, it will also care for all of us.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
With metro rail in place, there will be less vehicular traffic on roads leading to less congestion, less time and cost of journey, less consumption of fossil fuel and less environmental pollution.
He lived for the nation and served it assiduously for decades.
He said Farmer Producer Organizations, would be given relief on income tax, on the lines of cooperative societies.
The product output from the refinery will conform to the advanced BS-VI emission norms.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has worked to make the lives of common people better, and to promote ease of doing business.
We work together to keep our seas safe and secure.
Many of you are going to be tense about them.
We are completing dedicated freight corridors.
April, May, June and July is the most suitable time when rain water harvesting can be done and if we make preparations in advance, we can reap a rich harvest.
Friends, we consider consumer as gods.
• The Leaders reaffirmed the importance of parliamentary exchanges between the two democracies and expressed satisfaction at the regular visits of delegations between the two Parliaments.
Background :
He gave examples of the increase in pace of infrastructure development.
The signing of the Framework Agreement will strengthen the cooperation between India and Indonesia This agreement will help in establishing ISRO’s TTC station and IRIMS station at Indonesia
On 1st June, I will be conducting detailed discussions with President Putin to take forward our dialogue from the last Summit in Goa in October 2016.
Like a real Maa, she nurtures her devotees through direct and indirect acts; visible and invisible hands.
Speaking on the occasion, Prime Minister said that disruptions in Parliament usually affect common-man and the parliamentarians who represent them the most.
Usually the season of winter also starts with Diwali.
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India, he added.
Through the unveiling of plaque, PM will dedicate the 51km pipeline from Aaji-3 to Khijadia.
It will cover 13.26 kilometres and eleven stations.
I hope it will do even better in the days to come.
Today, we stand at 77, he said.
Hon’ble President of India is the Visitor of the University, Dr. Vijay Bhatkar, the Chancellor and Professor Sunaina Singh, is the Vice Chancellor.
This will help in improving the functioning and performance of the Judiciary across the country in reaching out to every citizen.
Addressing the gathering the PM said “I pay homage to Shri Vijay Soreng, the braveson of Jharkhand who laid his life for the nation.
Afghanistan’s success is a deeply held hope and desire of every Indian.
In addition to Gujarat, they will be developed in Karnataka, Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu.
The project has augmented the grid connectivity in Jammu & Kashmir.
These working women will now be given maternity leave of 26 weeks, instead of the earlier 12 weeks, for their pregnancy and delivery.
The Prime Minister recalled his earlier meeting with His Majesty and conveyed his best wishes for His Majesty’s good health and well being, as well as forthe peace and prosperity of the people of Morocco.
A consensus was reached on many contentious issues not only between the States represented on the Sub- Group but other States/UTs also through regional consultations and meetings with Union Ministries/Departments.
How mighty are they?
This year also, we have been fortunate to be the hosts of the Men’s Hockey World Cup 2018 in Bhubaneshwar.
In the firmness of your embrace, I felt the trust in our friendship.
He urged the Government of Kerala to expedite the implementation of Ayushman Bharat scheme, so that the people of Kerala can be benefitted.
Its successful completion is not just another fine example of the strength of our special and privileged Strategic Partnership.
Today, NCC has completed 70 years.
We are committed to restore the state to its former glory so as to experience the paradise that it was, once again.
Rear Admiral Moe Aung, Chief of Staff (Myanmar Navy)
This will also involve training teachers.
Brothers and sisters, Ganga, our lives are dependent on her.
My aim is to make India a developed country in one generation.
After neem coating, urea cannot be used for any other purpose except farming.
Sustainable, stable and reasonably priced energy is essential for the fruits of economic development to reach the bottom of the pyramid.
Highlighting the initiatives of the Union Government in building modern transport system throughout the country, Prime Minister said that 400 km of operational network of metro have been built in the past four and half years.
Glad to see such widespread support for the Bill.
Because, the economic and social well being of the people of Sri Lanka is linked with that of 1.25 billion Indians.
Prime Minister said that India would celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, beginning from 2nd of October.
The North East Road Sector Development Scheme has been started, with an aim to connect every district in the region with a National Highway.
Every Indian feels proud while remembering him.
He had all the information because of the kind of office he was holding in Chandra ShekharJi’steam.
And being carried away by his spiritual bliss we are also running this institution.
73. We welcome the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding on Collaborative Research on Distributed Ledger and Blockchain Technology in the Context of the Development of the Digital Economy.
In a way you are a soldier in the cause of cleanliness and purity.
This is our path under Gandhi’s leadership.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his sixteenth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
He laid the Foundation Stone for various projects under Flagship Missions, in the State of Uttar Pradesh.
The Prime Minister said that the fight against corruption and black money is not a political fight, and it is not to single out any particular party.
The information received has largely proved to be fruitful.
The Agreement is on similar lines as entered into by India with other countries.
Indonesia continues to be our largest trading partner in ASEAN.
I wish President Lukashenku a memorable stay in India.
These numbers are mostly only in crores!
This measure is part of the Phase – I of redevelopment project of PragatiMaidan i.e. Integrated Exhibition-cum-Convention Centre (IECC) Project.
With state of the art technology everyone can be traced right from his home to everywhere.
So this country’s voter is very mature and we should trust his maturity.
The Detailed Project Report for the permanent campuses is under preparation and thereafter the process for setting up of the campuses would start.
• We are fully committed to maintain peace in Jammu and Kashmir and to wipe out the anti national elements from the state.
The MoU was signed on 30th May, 2017 at Spain.
Thank you, Excellency, for your kind words.
U Win Khaing Moe, Director General, Department of Research and Innovation
Sultanpur Lodhi railway station will be upgraded and developed with all the modern amenities.
They should know that this is the right way to live.
Yet we look at it as Indian Railways.
I also share the same feeling.
Your clear vision, mature leadership, struggle and eventual success in establishing democracy in Myanmar has inspired people across the world.
This time I have made an appeal.
However, he was never influenced by those glittering mega cities.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid his last respects to HH Pramukh Swami Maharaj in Sarangpur, Gujarat.
May this day bring joy & prosperity in everyone’s lives.
A corpus of Rs. 10,000 crore could potentially be the nucleus for catalyzing Rs. 60,000 crore of equity investment and twice as much debt investment.
After the Bill becomes an Act, member of the communities newly listed in the revised list of Scheduled Tribes of Chhattisgarh will also be able to derive benefits meant for Scheduled Tribes under the existing schemes of the Government.
The Buddhist Tourism circuit could be an important part of this to attract tourists and pilgrims from our region.
The Prime Minister said that there are many people like him, who may not have had the opportunity to die for the nation during the freedom struggle, but who, being born in free India, are living for, and serving the nation.
They will significantly augment the availability of energy in the city, and the region.
The PlayStation is good, but one must not forget the playing field, he added.
The broad principles of the policy is centered on Professionalism, Integrity and Ethics, Equity, Affordability, Universality, Patient Centered & Quality of Care, Accountability and pluralism.
Talking about India’s strength, PM said ,“Terrorists attacked Mumbai, what happened after it?
While Science is universal, technology must be local for providing solutions relevant to local needs and conditions,” the Prime Minister said.
AIIMS, Madurai
You have spoken about it as well.
If you don’t know how to swim, then learn swimming, try doing some drawing, even if you do not end up making the best drawing, try to practice putting hand to the paper!
At each of these nine cities, the group will raise awareness about keeping the Ganga clean, and also undertake cleaning activities.
Reviewing Mission Indradhanush for universal immunization of children, the Prime Minister asked for targeted attention in strict timeframes for the 100 worst performing districts in this regard.
For many years, the Congress promoted an economic culture that benefitted only the friends and family members of big dynasties.
Members of the delegation strongly called for the development of Mumbai as the global entertainment capital, through various initiatives and proactive approaches.
It will help in expanding cooperation in the field of consumer protection, and will provide an institutional mechanism for exchange of information and derive mutual benefits from development taking place in both the countries.
What is your own world view on that?
Look, if you hand out doles, people will sing paeans for you.
“Remembering Shyamji Krishna Varma on his birth anniversary.
I convey my hearty greetings to all fellow Indians and everyone across the world, especially the Muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of Ramazan.
And the best part is, what she has written in this letter is very interesting.
Saluting their accomplishments on International Day of the Girl Child.
He added that an effort is being made to make the eastern part of the country, a new corridor of development.
The National Cancer Institute is the state of the art Tertiary Cancer care cum Research Institute, constructed at the AIIMS Jhajjar campus.
Prime Minister has assured all possible support from Center to the Government of Maharashtra in mitigating the situation due to heavy rains in parts of the state.
Brothers and sisters, this land is also the land where lord Parashuram had meditated.
Barring a few exceptions, there has been a considerable increase in parliament productivity over the past three years.
I will also visit the Pratap Gaurav Kendra and pay my respects to the great Maharana Pratap”, the Prime Minister tweeted.
I look forward to meeting leaders from other G-20 countries to review the work of G-20 in the last ten years of its existence and chart the ways and means to meet the new and upcoming challenges of the coming decade.
Another dimension of India’s partnership with Belarus lies in development cooperation.
He said the New India would have youth that are not job seekers but job creators; and can fulfil the global requirements of skilled human resource.
A quarter century ago, only a handful of Asian nations had national disaster management institutions.
He said that 69 percent villages in India now have 100 percent LPG penetration, while 81 percent villages have more than 75 percent LPG penetration.
He worked with DharmYug with a sense of attachment.
The Prime Minister said that the postman has long been a respected and accepted person in the villages.
The CLSS for MIG is currently effective up to 31.03.2019.
Before the advent of Chatth, people come together to clean up their homes, and along with that cleansing of rivers, lakes, pond banks and pooja locations, that is ghats, with utmost enthusiasm & fervour.
The owner of 50 Bigha land couldn’t get a loan of Rs 50,000 by mortgaging his land for daughter’s marriage.
He recalled that during Mann Ki Baat in December 2017, he had called for organising Mock Parliaments in the districts.
“The principal objective of my visit is to deepen bilateral relations between India and Israel.
The major features of the Agreement include:-
What it meant was that we can’t manage our economy rather become a problem for others and India was tagged along with Fragile Five group.
In the agricultural sector, the Prime Minister spoke of the increase in support price of Copra.
Now you will be wondering what is the connection between smiling Buddha and India’s military might?
He said ten more helicopters would be pressed into action for rescue from tomorrow, and asserted that the pace of relief work will be increased further.
• A micro enterprise will be defined as a unit where the annual turnover does not exceed five crore rupees;
I also thanked His Highness for allotting land for a temple for the Indian diaspora in Abu Dhabi.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a long-term contract by signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Mozambique for import of pulses either through the private channels or Government-to-Government (G2G) sales through State Agencies nominated by the two countries.
An amount of Rs.143.604 crore will be required for the period of one year during 2018-19.
“When Rohan Bopanna and Divij Sharan play, expect wonderful tennis!
I would like to end my speech with this desire.
Not a single bulb was ever illuminated in their homes; they have been living without electricity.
This Framework Agreement would lead to develop a host of joint activities in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
Members of the delegation, who are associated with educational institutions, also mentioned the progress made by their institutions, in Government initiatives such as cashless transactions, start-ups, and the Hackathon recently organized by NITI Aayog.
In fact, the Project was sanctioned in 2011 but the work order for the synthetic track was awarded only in 2015.
vi. Collaboration on getting high end medical devices including Point of Care Diagnostics with a special focus on establishing manufacturing units in India under “Make in India”.
It will serve as an institution of excellence for capacity building in human resource and research in the area of mental health rehabilitation, and also recommending body suggesting models/protocols for effective rehabilitation of persons with mental illness.
India is seeing remarkable progress in the last four years.
NDRF teams are present at Varanasi for rescue and relief work.
Before starting my visit I have personally emailed to all of you, inviting your ideas and suggestions for my today’s speech.
Addressing climate change and promoting secure, affordable and sustainable supplies of energy are our shared priorities.
The Prime Minister said that working hard is never a cause for exhaustion, and completion of a task brings satisfaction, that is greater than any sense of exhaustion.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Indonesia on Scientific and Technological Cooperation.
Who don’t have toilets, what do they do?
We recognize that without the opportunities for the success of our youth, our societies cannot grow.
As we seek god’s forgiveness and collect every grain of the sweets dedicated to god if it falls on the ground, similarly we have no right to waste water.
We have to remember that, despite all the resources at our disposal, whenever Indian society has been divided, whenever there have been internal conflicts, external enemies have taken advantage.
“Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
Recent acquisitions of hydrocarbon assets in Russia by investing 5.6 billion dollars for fifteen million tonnes of equity oil equivalent, are one such instance.
The Prime Minister described energy cooperation as one of the cornerstones of the relationship between India and Russia, and noted that this cooperation in the nuclear, hydrocarbon, and renewable energy sectors has been considerably deepened by the discussion and decisions taken today.
In this context, he mentioned the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
• Third is our cooperation in auto-mobiles:
The Prime Minister urged the Bharat Sevashram Sangha to work towards “Swachhagrah” – or cleanliness, especially in North-Eastern India.
In a reflection of his priorities for the region, PM said, “ Government is committed for the overall development of Eastern India and Bihar.”
Business cultures in the two countries are unique and have evolved from their respective context in which each has evolved.
He said a new chapter in Agriculture Marketing Reform is being added in this programme, with the e-marketing portal for organic products.
States/districts covered:
Such is the scale of opportunity that is waiting to be tapped.
He said that the Governing Council has approached complex issues of governance as “Team India”, in the spirit of cooperative, competitive federalism.
An India Japan Business Plenary is scheduled the same day.
Just accept things as they are.
2. The Ring Line will be from Bengali Square – Vijay Nagar -Bhawarsala – Airport – Palasia – Bengali Square.
I wish to congratulate the people of Riyasi Block and also the public servants of Riyasi Block.
And, those in our neighbourhood who support violence, encourage hatred, and export terror stand isolated and ignored.
As BRICS Leaders, we agreed to focus on institution building within the BRICS as an effective way to pursue our development agenda.
The Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY) was announced in 2003 with objectives of correcting regional imbalances in the availability of affordable/ reliable tertiary healthcare services and also to augment facilities for quality medical education in the country.
Therefore, the theme of the Conference “Hydrocarbons to Fuel the Future, Choices and Challenges” is both apt and timely.
Therefore only those will get its benefits who make a purchase worth more than 50 rupees but less than three thousand rupees.
Work is already on in the construction of the tri-lateral highway through Myanmar and Thailand to connect to other countries in South East Asia.
Government has put strong emphasis on expansion of City Gas Distribution (CGD) network coverage across the country to increase the availability of cleaner fuel to citizens.
I wish the NISM all success.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana beneficiaries from across the country, through video bridge.
The Centre will support in adopting value chain based production system in the country.
I first met President Ramaphosa when I went to South Africa in 2016.
Greed has driven the mankind to dominate and degrade our natural habitat.
A similar effort can be made to make certain localities kerosene-free, he added.
They are making efforts and are engrossed as per their intellect, capacity, ability and circumstances so that something good must happen.
This is an area that India needs to improve upon to remain competitive.
They should enable greater flexibility and freedom, and offer wider choices in responding to our developmental priorities.
· BRICS Cultural Festival (Various Cities)
PM told that Dadra and Nagar Haveli has a huge potential for Tourism.
My heartiest congratulations and many good wishes go to all of them.
4. Simplification of labour laws:
During the operation, a sailor from Thailand Navy sacrificed his life.
The two sides agreed to transform the buyer-seller relationship in the energy-sector to strategic partnership focusing on investment and joint ventures in petrochemical complexes.
This World Health Day, I wish all of you remain in the best health and continue to scale new heights of growth.
How many tonnes of waste would you present to me so that I may accordingly decide the duration of stay.
Humour is the best healer.
The Scheme has an outlay of Rs. 10,000 crore with a target of 50 lakh apprentices to be trained by 2019-20.
The world measures the government of a nation on the basis of its condition in its own country, on how strong their word is in their own country.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for extending the validity of the existing Central Order in respect of Sugar for a further period of six months from 29.10.2016 to 28.04.2017.
There is an information exchange about best practices, network of researchers and linking research with practical implementation.
The Policy covers all States and Districts and provides them an opportunity to attract investments in electronics manufacturing.
The weather here, as I can see, is very pleasant.
The cost of the Project is Rs. 1125 crore.
Let me also add, that during times of natural disasters, media usually does its best to cover various aspects of the incident.
They helped create a mass consciousness and awakening, through their newspapers.
This was the third of five such interactions.
The State Government has offered 1.6 acres of land in lieu of 1.6 acres land of AAI and agreed to undertake and relocate all the existing infrastructure of AAI on the subject land on its own cost.
Minister of Tribal Affairs.
In the past few weeks, there have been many gratifying instances – it would take weeks to list them.
The PM received a rousing welcome at the New India Youth Conclave.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for rolling stock and signalling systems of metro rail.
You will be shocked and appalled to know that in 2013 Swiss Banks had reported a 42% increase in black money deposits.
He said that more number of generic medicines are now available for the people which will not only reduce the cost of health care but also save many precious lives.
The Prime Minister also suggested that we should involve people across the globe, specially young people in important issues like nutrition, age of marriage, pre-natal and post-natal care and seek ideas for effective implementation and communication for programmes for women, children and adolescents.
Details: 1.The length of Karond to AIIMS corridor is 14.99 km, which is mostly elevated and partly underground (at Bhopal Railway Station & Bus Station) and comprises of 16 Stations (14-El.evated and 2-Underground).
Indian companies have invested over US$ 54 billion in Africa.
The increase in the income limit to exclude the Creamy Layer is in keeping with the increase in the Consumer Price Index and will enable more persons to take advantage of reservation benefits extended to OBCs in government services and admission to central educational institutions.
If I may elaborate on this, MSP will include labour cost of other workers employed, expenses incurred on own animals and cost of animals and machinery taken on rent, cost of seeds, cost of each type of fertilizer used, irrigation cost, land revenue paid to the State Government, interest paid on working capital, ground rent in case of leased land and not only this but also the cost of labour of the farmer himself or any other person of his family who contributes his or her labour in agricultural work will also be added to the cost of production.
Similarly, in USA, Federal Insurance Office (FIO) is vested with the authority to monitor all aspects of the insurance sector and to represent the USA on prudential aspects of international insurance.
Both the countries will benefit by mutual cooperation in the field of Road Transport and Road Industry.
The claims will be considered as per original notifications till the date of the Notification No. 48 dated 20.02.2006 and Notification No. 8 dated 12.8.2006.
PMSSY has two components –
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Mumbai tomorrow.
The Prime Minister said that there are ample opportunities in the tourism sector, and the world is keen to come to India.
In this context, they endorsed the importance of restoring peace and stability in Afghanistan in an atmosphere free from the threat of terrorism, and agreed to work together towards achieving this objective.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of British Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has put in place the framework necessary to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
42. Expressing serious concerns at the misuse of cyber space as a medium to promote subversive and extremist ideologies, the two sides welcomed the signing of MoU on Technical Cooperation in Cyber Space and Combating Cyber Crime.
We are trying our best to raise the level of the business practices in India to match the best practices in the world on equal footing.
This is the biggest benefit.
Sale of Khadi has increased and as a result of this, the poor man’s household has directly got connected to employment.
In situations of distress faced by Indian nationals, we have reached out to ensure their safety, rescue and repatriation.
If you happen to meet people there, send their photos too.
An institute for this will be set up in this Devbhoomi of Dwarka, he added.
I am happy to join you today, through Video Conferencing, at the Annual International Yoga Festival.
There was a time, when the headlines of the day, written on a village blackboard, carried immense credibility.
ICARDA has a good track record of innovation, as in climate resilient technologies including suitable food legume varieties for dry-land production systems.
This leads to Government officials waiting for eligible housing.
Technology development in refining, nanotechnology, catalyst development, biofuel and alternate energy are areas we need to focus upon.
A Working Group will be set up to further elaborate the details of cooperation and to oversee the implementation of this MoU.
The cooperation is achieved through exchange of information on developments in areas of railways technology & operations, knowledge sharing, technical visits, training & seminars and workshops in areas of mutual interest.
President Shri Pranab Mukherjee administered Oath of Office and Secrecy to 20 Ministers.
The Prime Minister said that Shri Vajpayee wanted democracy to be supreme.
On this pious and sacred occasion, I offer my deep regards to Amma.
Friends, the world has embraced Yoga and glimpses of this can be seen in the manner in which International Day of Yoga has been marked every year.
Public Policies and best practices in regional services;
The Prime Minister condoled the loss of life of Japanese citizens in the terror attack in Dhaka earlier this month.
“Passage of the Maternity Benefit Amendment Bill in the Lok Sabha is a landmark moment in our efforts towards women-led development.
The ideals which Bapu practiced in his life, things that he imparted are relevant even today.
There is a great entrepreneurial zeal amongst our youth.
She will be the Chief Guest at the Deepotsav event being organized by the State Government of Uttar Pradesh and the ground-breaking ceremony of the new Memorial of Queen Suriratna (Heo Hwang-ok) in Ayodhya on 6 November 2018.
The year 2018 saw the launching of the world’s biggest health insurance scheme ‘Ayushman Bharat’.
Our horticulture sector has shown an average growth rate of 5.5 per cent annually over the last ten years.
As we commemorate the 75th year of this event today, it indeed a matter of pride for us.
Yet, 5th of June is a special day as this is observed as “World Environment Day”.
From Somnath to Vishwanath, from Kedarnath to Rameshwaram and from Kashi to Coimbatore where we have gathered, Lord Shiva is everywhere.
India is today the world’s fastest growing large economy.
A few weeks ago, an immense event entitled ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was organised in Delhi in the format of a Town Hall programme.
This is the true path to free individuals, families, societies, nations and the world at large from the three poisons of greed, hatred and ignorance.
We took a bold decision of giving the farmers the MSP which is one and half times their investment.
Ten new Groups of Secretaries are being formed, who will submit their reports on various Governance issues, by the end of November.
Subsequently, the Nalanda University Act, 2010 was passed by the Parliament and came into effect from 25thNovember 2010.
• In addition to existing monitoring mechanism for projects by Central Water Commission, an Expert Project Review Committee may be constituted to oversee the overall implementation of these projects.
Traders with a turnover up to Rs. 75 lakh are also having many exemptions.
This should give a boost to the economic development of the region.
A movement “Swachhta Hi Sewa” was launched on the 15thof September.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agriculture Export Policy, 2018.
i. Track Safety (e.g. rail welding, rail inspection, track circuit etc.) ii.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal submitted by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, Ministry of Commerce and Industry regarding accession to the WIPO Copyright Treaty and WIPO Performers and Phonograms Treaty which extends coverage of copyright to the internet and digital environment The approval is a step towards the objective laid in the National Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) Policy adopted by the Government on 12thMay 2016 which aims to get value for IPRs through commercialization by providing guidance and support to EPR owners about commercial opportunities of e-commerce through Internet and mobile platforms.
He said Swami Pranavananda, the founder of Bharat Sevashram Sangha, had spoken of social justice a century ago, and established the Sangh for this purpose.
Continued availability of water for agriculture is of importance.
The leaders welcomed the 70th anniversary of the British Council in India and its work to train teachers, deliver skills programmes for youth, and support cultural exchanges.
If today you travel to a village where there is no road….MPs also come to meet me and they tell me that some roads under the Pradhanmantri Gram Sadak Yojna have not been constructed in their area, they ask me to give priority to their area.
The Prime Minister noted that the Union Government had earlier launched two significant development initiatives, the Syama Prasad Mukherjee Rurban Mission, and the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Awaas Yojana, from Chhattisgarh.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that 26 November is being celebrated as Constitution Day since 2015.
It will support ‘Startup India’ and ‘Skill India’ by channeling technology and delivering knowhow, and foster entrepreneurship, generating large scale employment opportunities.
India has always emphasized the importance of climate actions by developed country Parties in the pre-2020 period.
32.41 crore Jan Dhan accounts have been opened with more than Rs 81,200 crore of deposit balance.
The projects will give major push to the gas-based industrial units in Andhra Pradesh and neighbouring states.
The channel will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan.
PM said these are some of the glimpses of changes ushered in by his Government which reflect the New Confidence of a New India.
I express deep sympathies to their families.
You had started this practice while you were in office in Gujarat, Sir, but in the recent days we have not been seeing much of this.
The company will provide financial and infrastructural support to the university, and appoint Chancellor and Pro-Chancellor of the university.
He also launched a Local Government Directory.
We recognise the need for BRICS countries to further enhance mutual communication and cooperation on peacekeeping matters at the United Nations and the South African initiative for a BRICS working group on peacekeeping in this regard.
During the exhibition period, you may also have sessions for school teachers from all over Gujarat.
Friends, don’t look at exams as a game of numbers.
Tributes to him.
Addressing a large public gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the day as a historic one for Sikkim, and an important one for India.
Prime Minister appreciated the close engagement between the two countries on regional and global issues of mutual concern.
This MoU is not intended to create a legally binding relationship and itsprovisions are not intended to give rise to legally binding rights, obligations or liabilities.
I am sure most of you are already aware of Aadhaar, which is the unique biometric identity of a person.
This helped the rescue vehicles and heli-copters to continue relief and rescue operation smoothly.
Moreover, an extensive exercise on agricultural reforms is being undertaken across the country in order to ensure that our farmers get a fair price for their crop.
The Amendment will enable the Estate officer to apply summary proceedings for evicting unauthorised occupants from residential accommodations allotted for a fixed tenure or for a period he/she holds office on the basis of an order of allotment on licence basis, as non-vacation of such residences leads to unavailability of houses to new incumbents.
Our farmers have contributed in a big way towards the progress of the country with a record production of fruits and vegetables.
Mr. Asaduzzaman Khan, Home Minister of Bangladesh called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
It has also stopped the flow of black money.
Mr. Charles Bastienne, Minister for Fisheries and Agriculture
We see ample opportunities for bilateral cooperation in space research, with a view to using relevant technologies for the benefit of society.
We will play a big role in the transformation of the nation, if we make a collective effort.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment linkages, we have revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
Yet, they live together.
Those creating obstructions can only answer this question.
For 47 years the Thuglak magazine played a stellar role in the cause of safeguarding democratic values and national interest.
63. The Sides confirmed their determination to enhance interaction and coordination of efforts in the regional multilateral fora such as BRICS, G-20, SCO, RIC and East Asia Summits.
Who do you think is making this possible?
Gratuity, PF, Leave encashment and other retirement benefits to the retired employees.
There was an environment of disruption which forced the British to finish all the equations and give us freedom; to force them to go.
Earlier, farmers used to take the produce on carts or tractors, used to go to a mandi 20-25kms away, then due to storage issues, even if they had to sell for Rs 10 less than the price, they used to sell it.
In last seven decades, our friendship has consistently seen an upward trajectory.
This festive season is the harbinger of prosperity, he added, saying that immediately after the festivities, he is delighted to be in Rajasthan for a project that will bring happiness and prosperity in the lives of many.
A steady march towards our economic goals is indeed a priority.
We also need professionally run arbitral institutions which can deliver international standards of services at reasonable costs to businesses in India.
India is Kenya’s largest trading partner, and the second largest investor here.
The branches of Grameen, that is, Rural Banks there getting 75% of their customers to make at least two digital transactions between January and March will get 50 thousands rupees rewards from the government.
We must address the problems of urban-rural divide and work for inclusive development, economic growth and employment generation.
India has a total of 1382 offshore islands, out of which officials have initially proposed 26, which could be considered for holistic development.
Thirdly, those who profit from financial markets must make a fair contribution to nation-building through taxes.
We underscored the need for close coordination on tracking sources of terrorist financing; and targeting the hardware of terrorism, including weapons’ supplies, ammunition, equipment, and training.
As we are all aware, we are now looking towards Industry 4.0, proposing to change the way industry operates in the future with new technologies and processes like Internet of Things, Artificial intelligence, robotics process automation, machine learning, predictive analytics, 3-D printing, etc.
It is not a matter of two or five rupees, it hurts him deeply, when he feels that you are questioning his honesty.
In the next few weeks various education boards across the country will initiate the process for the board examinations of the tenth and twelfth standards.
The delegation pitched for lower, and uniform rates of GST, for the entertainment industry in India.
It shouldn’t be hyped.
We must make 2017 our Year of Resolve.
The High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka,
He will also hand over the cheque of Rs.100 crore to Chief Minister of Uttarakhand, towards first instalment of fund under this project, transferred by National Cooperative Development Cooperation to the State Government.
International operators and investors prefer brownfield airport expansion opportunities with having more than 3-4 million passenger capacity.
i) Air and water pollution prevention and purification, remediation of contaminated soils;
Tributes to Bharat Ratna M. Visvesvaraya on his birth anniversary.
Prime Minister said that things have changed from the time where start-ups meant only digital and technology innovation.
Thank You Very Much.
He said that this University and this sacred land have a history that has seen the freedom struggles of both India and Bangladesh.
You must have realized that whenever we go to a tea shop, and enjoy tea there, a discussion with some of the customers automatically ensues.
Brothers and Sisters, our Government has been making efforts to reach out to people at the last mile of development.
Underlining his commitment towards the farmers and informal sector, PM said that through Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Mandhan Pension Yojana, labourers in unorganized sector after 60 years of age will get Rs.3000 per month as pension.
We have to think about the future of our 125 crore people.
Meetings of Parliamentarians & Ministers
As per the decision of the cabinet, the Spectrum Usage Charge is to be prescribed as given below:
Congrats to these players”, the Prime Minister said.
Today, in the twenty-third meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to consumers.
In fact it in itself has given a new dimension to ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
By signing the 15 year contract, India’s exclusive rights for exploration of Polymetallic Sulphides in the allotted Area in the Central Indian Ridge, and South West Indian Ridge in Indian Ocean will be formalized.
“Protecting the Motherland, far from your loved ones, displaying the highest traditions of sacrifice, all soldiers at the nation’s borders, are symbols of bravery and dedication.
And it will also open new avenues of employment for the youth, for the middle class families in the health sector.
Today, corporates and financial institutions want legal experts who can help close business deals and transactions without any disputes and litigations.
The Government also approved the National Policy on Biofuels in June 2018.
The Prime Minister said that through this scheme, Rs. 75,000 crore will be transferred to farmers’ accounts every year.
It is essential to guide the growth of urban utilities and create smart cities which ensure sustainable and clean future for all.
However, there have been representations from different organizations of Bodos to fulfil various outstanding demands.
Thus, you may find that despite becoming brilliant in passing the exams, you have sometimes failed in life.
Many programs that you have mentioned, you can’t put a calendar date to it but they don’t have an immediate impact.
And then you said, ‘You are not alone.
MoU on Cooperation in the field of Health and Medicine.
I hope that you will use this opportunity, to reflect upon what you can do for your readers, or for the people of India, over the next five years.
However, the moment, the same data is unsuitable for them, they immediately start questioning the institutions and its processes.
A high point of our efforts has been the revival of international interest in the cultural and spiritual richness of India’s civilizational stream.
A record allocation of Rs. 14.5 lakh crores has been made for rural development and agriculture.
Guru Ravidas Ji had unwavering faith in values of harmony and brotherhood.
This is a time for ‘Sankalp Se Siddhi.’
We think as if it is a game going on , but in actuality, this is a novel way of instilling empathy in the child’s mind.
Polymetallic nodules (also known as manganese nodules) are potato-shaped, largely porous nodules found in abundance carpeting the sea floor of world oceans in deep sea.
In order to further bridge the gap in the global financial architecture, we agreed to fast track the setting up of a BRICS Rating Agency.
During my visit to Dhaka in June 2015, we had concluded the Land Boundary Agreement.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Khanij Kshetra Kalyan Yojana (PMKKKY).
Bonds that remind us of ancient links between this region and India.
In her passing away, the country has lost a veteran and distinguished leader, affectionately called “Amma”.
“I bow to the great Savitribai Phule on her Jayanti.
Today, 75 years later the issues are different.
While we are doing everything that is required of us, we expect that others also join in to fulfil their commitments based on Common but Differentiated Responsibility and equity.
My dear countrymen, today I wish to narrate a heart rending experience with you which I’ve beenwanting to do past few days.
In a post from his Facebook account the Prime Minister said:
Six women officers of the Indian Navy, who successfully circumnavigated the globe on the sailing vessel, INSV Tarini, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
– and the Paris Agreement on Climate Change.
You would be happy that the new Pamban rail bridge is going to be constructed now.
The entire system was engulfed in disappointment.
He cautioned officers that the use of social media should not lead to a decline in this strength, even as social media and mobile governance are leveraged for connecting people to benefits and government schemes.
The change in the norms of classification will enhance the ease of doing business.
Leading this effort, the Prime Minister shared through social media, a special video, featuring his appeal to the people to send messages to our brave Armed Forces personnel.
So now if a shopkeeper operates his shop till late and on all seven days, if he earlier employed one person, now he will have to employ two people.
The last leg of the PM’s visit will be in Agartala.
The sportspersons had called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House, New Delhi.
f) The Appraisal Committee recommending approval of project will be chaired by Secretary, Ministry of Electronics and IT.
It is solely on account of the tireless exertions of our countrymen that on myriad indicators, India has charted an upward trajectory in global rankings.
Because we know that extremism and terrorism cannot stop at your border or end at the boundaries of our region.
This is not only highest ever FDI but also highest growth in FDI in India.
(b) Administrative simplification and process re-engineering
It is not easy to create an offshore-like environment in a large country like India with a huge domestic market.
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government, he added.
I thank Excellency Ghani for accepting my invitation and for gracing this conference.
You also take the leadership in this thing as well and take Bihar to new heights and it will not be possible without the people’s participation.
The North East can become the organic food basket for this country.
The Prime Minister recounted how the Union Government has begun a series of unprecedented projects for the nation’s development.
3. Modernization of railway operation, management and regulations;
The Union Cabinet chaired by chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for signing of the MoU for cooperation in the legal field between India and Morocco, in order to share their experience and expertise in the field of law and legislation.
The Prime Minister congratulated the farmers for the launch of Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi.
Human spaceflight programme will provide a unique micro-gravity platform in space for conducting experiments and test bed for future technologies.
iv. Enable DPI and Quick response (QR) code-based payment acceptance; and
We have agreed on the need to implement the Paris agreement on the basis of principal of common but differentiated responsibilities and also to work collectively for developing the ways to implement it.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the President of Iran Hassan Rouhani on his re-election.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated and laid the Foundation Stone for several important development projects, at a public gathering in Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi.
He had the courage to show a mirror to the British about their wrong doings.
I am talking about none other than Chandrasekhar Azad.
prevails throughout the country among all its people.
I am confident that this will enhance air connectivity between us and help to foster people-to-people contact.
I would like to hear your views on this.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
Constitution of an Empowered Group of Secretaries headed by CEO, NITI Aayog with Secretary, Ministry of Civil Aviation, Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs and Secretary, Department of Expenditure to decide on any issue falling beyond the scope of PPPAC.
The Swachh Bharat Mission has created equality among the women in the villages.
4. sustainable development and management of ground water resources including recharge augmentation; and
The economic strength is also reflected in the rising confidence about India both inside the country and abroad.
Meghalaya has a distinct historical, cultural and ethnic heritage.
10. Do you have any suggestions, ideas or insights you would like to share with PM Narendra Modi?
• Partnership in IP-related training for local IP and business communities
Denmark is one of the important trading partners with India.
The Treaty encourages each country to create favourable conditions for investors of the other country to make investments in its territory and to admit investments in accordance with its laws.
Noting that the practice of Triple Talaq has caused great injustice among Muslim women the Prime Minister assured Muslim women that he will will work to ensure that justice is done to them.
The MoU was signed on 08.07.2016.
It demonstrates our common resolve to keep our ties firm and steady.
Our discussions were wide-ranging and intensive.
The benediction was composed in Sanskrit by Acharya Shri Chandrasekharendra Saraswati of Kanchi.
· India has gone up 19 spots on the World Logistics Performance Index 2016 brought out by the World Bank.
The BharatNet project envisages connecting Gram Panchayats with underground optical fibre network.
The themes may appear independent.
I would like to give you an example of the range and sweep of his ideas.
It allows for the creation of an Indian holding company of DPW with unique asset portfolio to operate and manage the terminal operations at the existing major ports subject to certain safeguards.
ISARC will operate under the governance of the IRRI Board of Trustees who will appoint an appropriate IRRI staff member as Director.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has has given its ex-post-facto for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the India and Swaziland on cooperation in the field of Health and Medicine.
So far, loans were covered upto one crore rupees.
Ladies and Gentlemen.
A group of 53 WTO members, including both developed and developing countries, also agreed on a timetable for implementing a deal to eliminate tariffs on 201 Information Technology products.
The Prime Minister visited a Pashudhan Arogya Mela organised at the village.
You must pay attention to that.
We gave special incentives for pulses.
I am very happy to see participation of German companies in India’s growth story.
My thoughts are with the bereaved families.
A message has come for you from someone, who is essentially a teacher-turned-a-value educator.
MMRC has planned to construct a car shed on the Dahisar (E) to Andheri (E) metro corridor.
ICWF, set up in 2009, is aimed at assisting Overseas Indian nationals in times of distress and emergency in the most deserving cases on a means tested basis.
This is the initiative of Ek Bharat, Shreshtha Bharat.
Foundation stone for a permanent campus of Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) at Jote, Arunachal Pradesh will be laid by the laid by the PM on this occasion.
He added that development of the villages where a majority of people live, is vital to the overall economic development of the State.
I request you to suggest names of experts and panelists from inside and outside India.
The Prime Minister will distribute e-tablets to health workers to mark the launch of ImTeCHO.
6) Ministry of External Affairs should make efforts to approach the people of PoK residing in different parts of world and collect information about the miserable conditions in PoK and bring them to the knowledge of the world community.
The corrective measure will bring an end to multiple litigations with the Government and the claims under the TPS will be issued as per original provisions under Foreign Trade Policy in compliance with the decision of the Hon’ble Supreme Court.
We take note of the outcomes of the following meetings held under South Africa’s BRICS Chairship leading up to the Johannesburg Summit:
Shri Prashant Kumar Mishra, Shri T. S. Kartik and many such friends have expressed their concern about birds during the summer.
In this context, it is indeed heartening to note that today, among our vibrant print media, some of the largest selling newspapers, are published in the regional languages.
My dear fellow citizens, I will surely meet you all once in the evening on this important occasion of Panchayati Raj Divas today.
Our cooperation in this field will help us combat the challenge of Climate Change.
The Government is sensitive towards the concerns of the people.
“It’s a proud moment for everyone that today, all over the world; people are welcoming the brightness and warmth of the sun with Yoga.
Though it is winter season in Delhi, but I believe that in this journey President Ramaphosa will also feel the warmth of India’s welcome.
Take one or another step towards cleanliness.
46. The sides affirmed “equality, mutual respect and non-interference as universally acknowledged norms of international law as reflected in the United Nations Charter and the 1970 Declaration on principles of international law concerning friendly relations and co-operation among states in accordance with the UN Charter.”
I am happy to learn that this one has exciting and important follow-up events lined up.
As such, support for voices of peace in Afghanistan alone is not enough.
Such was his sense of honesty & commitment that the farmer, the worker right up to the industrialist trusted him with full faith.
The entire nation is ecstatic on your historic accomplishment at the FIS International Skiing Competition in Turkey.
The MoU enables Indian and Canadian researchers to undertake graduate level academic research mobility and cross-border industry-academic cooperation.
I will reach Geneva in the evening of 5th June on a bilateral visit to Switzerland, our key partner in Europe.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh tomorrow on 19 February 2019.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the MoU on Cooperation in the field of Mass Media between India and Bangladesh.
They say – Modiji, do not feel exhausted, do not stop and take the most stringent measures that you can.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister described this conclave as a new beginning in the public sector sphere.
There must have been many occasions in your life, when, besides the examinations that you appeared at inside the classrooms with notebooks, you had to encounter and endure many tests and trials.
He said he was sure that those who worked with him feel the same.
Together the UK and India are a force for good in an uncertain world.
It was one of the reasons for the faults in the system.
Thus it is clear that the epics, Puranas and the Arthasastra of Kautilya are all smritis.
The BSA is a very good example of mutual cooperation between India and Japan for strategic objective of assisting each other in times of difficulty and for restoring international confidence.
With the blessings of our ex-servicemen, we took the historic decision of making One Rank One Pension a reality.
One should arrive at the examination centre equipped with the admit-card and other things well before time.
This is Prime Minister’s second visit to the city.
The MOU will provide a mechanism in taking part in establishing relationships with-schools, universities, cultural institutions, science & technology and specialized education institutions, high-tech companies, startups and innovation centers in both countries.
Memorandum of Understanding between the National Small Industries Corporation (NSIC), of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation (RSMB), on Cooperation in the field of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
May I now propose a toast:
I am restless so that an ordinary citizen of my country can combat diseases and remain healthy.
Creating a Skilled World: by giving future-ready skills to millions of our youth; 7.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
I am confident that the strength of these links, old and new, will hold us in good stead as we forge a partnership for the 21st century.
It has never been easier to do business in India.
The two leaders agreed that the details of India’s relief assistance will be worked out through diplomatic and official channels.
It has been a privilege speaking to you.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO team for the successful launch of its 100th satellite.
Shri Narendra Modi dedicated the IIT Bhubaneswar campus, to the nation.
The Indian side conveyed that the project being undertaken by the Archaeological Survey of India to preserve and conserve stone inscriptions and temples of King Mindon and King Bagyidaw of Myanmar in Bodh Gaya is at an advanced stage and would be completed by December 2017.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress achieved in strengthening the bilateral partnership in various sectors, especially Science & Technology, Finance, and Defence & Security.
Today and yesterday, Prime Minister Netanyahu and I reviewed the progress in our relations and renewed our conversation on the possibilities and the opportunities that beckon us and need to be seized.
Appreciating the new ideas and innovations envisaged in the presentations made by the entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said, that in times past, social initiatives had catered to the requirements of people at large, and these movements were spearheaded by eminent people in society.
We will not shy away from taking difficult decisions, if those decisions are in the interest of the country.
Very few people may know that India was the first country which sent a female police unit to Liberia for the United Nations Peace Mission.
Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Vijay Rupani ;
President Xi of China said he looked forward to welcoming the BRICS leaders.
The event shall showcase the manufacturing prowess and the opportunities offered by the State in terms of export-oriented manufacturing and services to growing economies in South and South-East Asia.
The Prime Minister said that the teachings of the Vedas, which describe the entire world as one nest, or one home, are reflected in the values of Visva Bharati University.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Punjab and Haryana, on the Statehood Day .
The Election Commission, a constitutional body, conducts the largest electoral exercise in the world.
This includes non-recurring expenditure of Rs. 128.54 crore and recurring expenditure of Rs. 51 crore.
I myself have seen three in this house itself.
18. Will integrate with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
Similarly, he said, this attempt at CEOs partnership with Government is aimed at enhancing their participation towards welfare of the people, and the nation.
Pilgrims would then be able to visit the holy shrine throughout the year.
And, then they published some selected letters.
PM MODI: Made all efforts.
I read a post written on MyGov by Komal Thakkar ji, where she has referred to starting on-line courses for Sanskrit.
We spend extravagantly in high places, without a single thought, but when it comes to our hardworking brethren, we quarrel with them over small amounts.
In my opinion, his thought and contributions were not merely limited to Tamil milieu and Tamil people.
“In the words of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti, of all the worships, the worship that pleases the Almighty God the most is the grant of relief to the humble and the oppressed,” the Prime Minister said.
The major recommendations of the Sub-Group are as under:
All of us are experiencing it.
It also highlights our strong convergence of views and positions on pressing international and regional issues.
Agartala Airport was constructed in 1942 on the land donated by Maharaja Bir Bikram Manikya Kishore.
It is a great honour for the 1.25 billion people of India.
Prime Minister Modi extended an invitation to Dr. LotayTshering to visit India.
In its full enrolment, it is expected to have 3000 full time students.
• Laying of foundation stone/Inauguration of:
India had the privilege of hosting the previous Summit in Goa in October last year.
He said the Andaman and Nicobar Islands remind us of the collective resolve of our freedom fighters.
• Build new institutions and strengthen existing ones;
He said that in the last three years, the Union Government in India has focused on improvement in quality of life of the people.
If I set my own targets and I am able to achieve them, then I am sure to do something good for my country.
# My name is Satish Bewani.
The Cabinet, therefore, approved the setting up of a High Level Committee to suggest constitutional, legislative and administrative safeguards as envisaged in Clause 6 of the Assam Accord.
He said that Shri Bahuguna was inspired by many different leaders including Mahatma Gandhi, Acharya Vinoba Bhave, Acharya Narendra Dev, Ram Manohar Lohia, and Chandrashekhar Azad.
Prime Minister has also assured all possible support from the Centre to the injured and affected.
India remembers the games quite well.
He wished them well in their future endeavours.
Prime Minister Modi and President Macron will then arrive at the famous Assi Ghat in Varanasi, where they will board a boat for a ride along the Ghats of the Ganga, culminating at the historic Dashashwamedh Ghat.
He said that high-tech marine attractions and virtual reality shows should be covered in the future plan.
Post liberalisation of Indian economy, this will be the highest rate of average growth and lowest rate of average inflation witnessed during the period of any government.
There will be extensive talks with President Dr. John Magufuli where we will chalk out the road ahead for bettering India-Tanzania relations in a wide range of areas.
“Ramzan greetings to everyone.
He said that silos are a big bottleneck in the functioning of the Union Government.
He also made a surprise visit to the Manduadih Railway Station.
This will also save Railways from the liability of payment of approximately Rs.9,700 crore annual dividend to the Government of India;
Radio is a wonderful way to interact, learn and communicate.
He emphasized that the issue here is not about being on one side or the other, but about being on the side of generations yet to be born.
One can’t imagine the difficulty I am experiencing in taking out things from dirt.
The way this inspiration had spread to various parts of the world had become a cause of tribute to the masses of India.
The idea of setting up 1.5lakh Health Wellness Centers spread over all the major panchayats of the country is commendable.
It is natural for every Citizen to feel proud of the Election Commission of its meticulous organising abilities.
The students were a part of a team of the “Mission Shaurya” initiative of the Adivasi Vikas Vibhag of the Maharashtra State Government.
I am informed that this Kochi-1 Card is a multi-purpose pre-paid contact-less RuPay card which can be used to travel in the metro and also like a normal debit card.
He said the Constitution has stood the test of time, and proved the naysayers wrong.
The EBR funds will be raised through NABARD after considering (he exact requirements/expenditure of the States/UTs and released to the States/UTs implementing agencies.
Our government is committed to the welfare of Divyaangs.
Who would have imagined that a small campaign “selfie with daughter”starting from a small village in Haryana would spread not only throughout the country but also across other countries as well.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mahabodhi International Meditation Centre, Leh Ladakh on Mahakaruna Diwas 2017 celebrations.
Under ‘Ayushman Bharat Yojana ‘, the Government of India and insurance companies will jointly provide 5 lakh repees for treatment to about 10 crore families or say 50 crore citizens per year.
In Surat, PM will interact with the youth at the New India Youth conclave.
Instead of dividing, Yoga always unites.
The Prime Minister spoke of the importance of discipline in daily life, and added that discipline is an integral part of NCC.
The Institute maintains offices in both India and Canada.
Lesser known artists could be taken and it is not necessary to have a big studio and a big camera.
This is the ideal we seek to live through our actions.
Its foundations are supported by your courage and great sacrifices.
• Collaboration for joint research for cross-learning with regard to innovative Agriculture Extension approaches including the use of information and communication technology (ICT)
More than 5 lakh villages are now ODF, he added.
My dear countrymen, a few days from now, we shall celebrate Budha Purnima.
Background:-
The Indian economy has expanded the bouquet of its financing resources.
This will benefit the country in conserving water for future generations.
“Shri Narendra Modi is selected for his outstanding leadership for the nation.
It is the safest storage vessel ensuring highest level of safety for plant and adjacent areas.
We have recently celebrated 125th birth anniversary of Baba Saheb Ambedkar.
They welcomed the understanding reached in advancing the Common Agenda on Migration and Mobility, including through technical collaboration and undertaking projects in areas of mutual interest, with a view to better organising migration and mobility between India and the EU.
For this he said, PSEs would need a 5-P formula – Performance, Process, Persona, Procurement and Prepare.
Today on behalf of my countrymen, I pay homage to those brave freedom fighters and salute them from the bottom of my heart.
Our aim is to make India a preferred destination for manufacturing.
In this context, he specially emphasized the importance of involving younger officers.
My young friends, during the last few weeks, news items coming in from the world of sports have made all of us proud.
Further provisions will be made as grant assistance through Gross Budgetary Support by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) which will monitor and review performance in line with the Start up India Action Plan.
The two leaders appreciated the major milestones achieved in the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
As many of you know, ever since taking office, I have personally participated in structured brainstorming sessions with bankers, with police officers and with Secretaries to Government, among others.
India remains a bright spot in the subdued economic landscape across the world;
There will be problems and difficulties in creating such a market.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of an Agreement between India and Uzbekistan on cooperation in health and medical science.
But all this is for the benefit of concerned stakeholders.
Employment Generation Potential:
The Workshop has identified more than 40 opportunities of joint collaboration and investments across various sectors.
“Best wishes to the people of Himachal Pradesh on their Statehood Day.
3. Based on statistical indicator, the MoSPI will bring out national reports on implementation of SDGs.
Is there not anything good happening around in this country populated by 125 crore people?
The proposed Act of repeal is necessary in view of setting up of the National Commission for Backward Classes by insertion of Article 338B of the Constitution.
The U5MR annual rate of decline during 2015-16 was 9.3%;
3. Demand Side Management.
Selective approaches to terrorist individuals and organizations will not only be futile but also counter-productive.
The world respects & venerates those who rise; the Chatth Pooja bestows upon us the sanskaar to respect & revere those whose setting, whose dusk is imminent.
Mr. Gattaz briefed the Prime Minister about growing trade and investment relations between India and France.
He added that he would always remain grateful to the people of Uttar Pradesh for their affection.
Since the viability of the project was affected, concessionaire will now be compensated for the increase and imposition of new taxes, duties etc. except in respect of imposition/increase of a direct tax, both by Central & State Government. vii.
He had been running the newspaper as a public movement.
He said the youth of India has energy and enthusiasm.
There’s been a shift in paradigm.
There are three auditoriums and an extensive library with a rich digital repository.
Each high-level plenary will be followed by six concurrent sessions that provide the opportunity for more detailed discussions to on Forum’s key themes.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian Cinema has a big role in enhancing India’s soft power, its credibility and building the Brand India across the world.
They also submitted a memorandum.
May the deliberations in this Summit lead to fruitful outcomes that contribute to Jharkhand’s growth.
Dr. Vikram Sarabhai has had an important role in India’s space program.
The PDF shall be housed in Department of Commerce and operated through the EXIM Bank.
We will talk about the issues pertaining to the needs and the aspirations of the people.
I believe that a person like him who has come from within the system and has been in the Rajya Sabha for so many years shall show us the path and guide us in the House as the Chairman of the House.
The whole world acclaimed this as a very successful tournament.
Both leaders agreed that India-Russia cooperation plays an important role in the global multilateral order.
Governance reform of the IMF should strengthen the voice and representation of the poorest members of the IMF, including Sub-Saharan Africa.
We also welcome the good progress made in the implementation of the BRICS Action Agenda on Economic and Trade Cooperation.
You would be pleased to know that he worked in Hyderabad for two important years of his life.
However, several State governments have reported that out of a total number of 66.41 lakh teachers at the elementary level, 11.00 lakh are still untrained (of this, 5.12 lakh are in Government and Aided Schools and 5.98 lakh are in private schools).
Since this is akin to PSS, in that in involves physical procurement of the notified commodity, it shall substitute PSS/PDPS in the pilot districts.
Uttarakhand and Haryana have also been declared ODF, this week.
He recalled his recent meeting with President Putin in Tashkent in June and via video-link for dedication of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant Unit 1 at the beginning of this month.
In his remarks at the meeting, the Prime Minister stressed on the need for proper skill mapping and identification of the future requirements for skills, so that school-children and parents are well aware of the emerging trends in the job market.
Over the last three years, the media has added great strength to ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’ and effectively furthered the message of cleanliness.
The Prime Minister also laid the Foundation Stone for the Astole Water Supply Scheme.
Tomorrow on the 28th of August, the Pradhan Mantri Jan DhanYojna will complete three years.
Exactly 100 years ago, in 1917, Mahatma Gandhi initiated a Satyagraha in Champaran.
And, you form an important life line for our ties with this land.
In addition, the Prime Minister also referred to the building for the Dr. Ambedkar Foundation being built at Janpath in New Delhi.
They said that the Muslim community is keen to be an equal partner in the making of New India.
The more we promote sports, the more we see the spirit of sportsmanship.
PM in Assam
Due to all these efforts we were able to mobilize 90000 crore money to the Government Exchequer.
Diesel Locomotive Works has converted two WDG3A Diesel Locos into a Twin Electric WAGC3 loco of 10,000 HP.
It will also give a platform to showcase its solar programmes.
The Prime Minister said that many times, schemes fail to have the desired impact, just because people are not aware about them.
Accordingly, an amendment is needed in the Constitution (Pondicherry) Scheduled Castes Order, 1964 to this effect.
An encouraging Start-up eco-system is now taking shape in the country.
Thereafter, with effect from 1.8.1980, a liberalized scheme, the Swatantrata Sainik Samman Pension Scheme’ is being implemented.
He said Good Nutrition and Healthy Childhood is the foundation of New India.
Name of MOU
May the year bring peace, joy and prosperity.
PM Babis is leading the Czech delegation at the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit 2019, with Czech Republic as a partner country.
He asked me, “How many hours do you sleep?”
And, therefore, require global strategy and solutions.
• Expand research, innovation and business cooperation on new innovative energy technologies through the India-Sweden Innovations’ Accelerator, focusing on technologies to utilise renewable energy and energy efficiency.
I wish Mr. Gurumurthy and his team all the very best in this endeavour.
Survey is conducted in 6 places in the state for laying of new rail line of which survey in 3 places are completed.
He encouraged States to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission, for incentivizing outcome-based allocations, and expenditure correction.
NNM will be rolled out in three phases from 2017-18 to 2019-20.
Yoga has created a world record again this time also.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, delivered an address in the Lok Sabha, on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement.
In many ways, what Indian diaspora stands for all over the world today is because of what your forefathers were able to achieve despite all adversities.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its post-facto approval for the following decisions:
Equality of opportunity.
They can’t see the writing on the wall clearly and I want to bring this to your notice.
The ratification of the Convention No 138 and 182 would move a step ahead in the direction of achieving the goal of eradication of child labour from the country as it would be legally binding to comply with the provisions of the Conventions.
Our key national symbols have taken inspiration from Buddhism.
The two leaders discussed the regional situation.
2. Megacity Policing and Sharing of Information among Federal state and Local Partners,
The 9th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit gets underway at Mahatma Mandir Exhibition cum Convention Centre in Gandhinagar tomorrow.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today attended the first anniversary celebration of the Smart Cities Mission and AMRUT, in Pune.
The decision of the Cabinet shall be implemented before the holidays for this year as well.
It provides an opportunity for collaboration in training programmes, exchange of experts and technical exchanges and outreach activities.
At Adalaj, Gandhinagar
I have also emphasized the need for policy driven Governance.
But today I want to speak to you on a totally different aspect.
People from Maharashtra, Karnataka, Goa, Andhra Pradesh, Telengana have deep devotion and respect for Vitthal.
For example, our coarse grains and millets have high nutritional value.
The message of the saints was carried further by folk singers, the Katha-vachak, the dastangois.
He also presented National Awards to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs).
This increased under-standing, in turn, reduces hatred, misunderstanding and increases cooperation, peace and amity among communities.
His teachings to people focused on breaking the cordons of caste and religion.
To recall the words of the great saint Thiruvalluvar, “There is nothing in this world except ethics, which would bring both reputation and wealth together”.
We have to leave this ‘Chalta Hai’ attitude.
In the current Budget, more than Rs.30,000 crores have been earmarked for the North East region.
We call on major advanced and emerging market economies to continue policy dialogue and coordination in the context of the G20, FSB and other fora to address these potential risks.
He noted with satisfaction the marked increase in high-level exchanges this year and warmly recalled his own visit to St. Petersburg in June for the Annual Bilateral Summit.
The Prime Minister said that as a result of the efforts of the Government, the economy is functioning with less cash.
Under Ayushman Bharat, we are providing cashless health assurance to the tune of Rs. 5 lakhs per family per year, for the poor.
And how easily Yogi ji have moulded life just like air.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
Our shared values, suffering and struggles provide a strong foundation to our strategic partnership.
Nations similar to us do not have the amount of currency that we had.
• The Leaders expressed satisfaction at the growth in trade and investment ties between India and Indonesia and recognized the importance of a predictable, open and transparent economic policy framework to facilitate greater two-way trade and investment and to promote private sector led economic growth.
Rising export of terror, growing radicalization through ideology of hatred, and spread of extreme violence define the landscape of common security threats to our societies.
However, due to some diversion on Article 13 i.e. related to remittance of earning, the Agreement could not be signed.
• Both leaders discussed the threat from global terrorism and other transnational crimes and resolved to significantly enhance bilateral cooperation in combating terrorism, terrorist financing, money laundering, arms smuggling, trafficking in human beings and cyber crime.
This is 45 percent of the FDI received in last 18 years.
14. Security of the country is our priority.
Before implementation of 7th Central Pay Commission, the ceiling under CCS (Pension) Rules, 1972 was Rs. 10 Lakh.
With the blessings of our great leaders, both the countries have marched on the path of development.
The MoU will enhance bilateral cooperation between the two countries in the areas of Traditional Systems of Medicine.
The MoU will provide an opportunity to Indian aviation security authorities to share the expertise of their Australian counterparts and enhance the overall aviation security environment in India.
And, build on convergences and commonalities in our interests and concerns on regional and global issues.
The MoU will provide structured frame work for cooperation between the two countries for promotion of AYUSH/Traditional Systems of Medicine in Myanmar.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed across a range of sectors.
The Prime Minister especially thanked the Brahmakumar is Sansthan for their efforts towards cleanliness.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today delivered an address over live video link, on the occasion of the expansion of Emergency Ambulance Service over the entire island in Sri Lanka, with Indian Assistance.
The MoU aims for exchange of expertise and networking of information.
Negotiations for entering into an Agreement for the Exchange of Information with respect to Taxes were conducted at Brunei from 10th to 11th January, 2017.
This is why the country has doubled the pace of construction of the highways.
The objective of the MoU is to create international perspective among the Indian Youth, to promote exchange of ideas, values and culture and to involve them in promoting peace and understanding.
She had to face many difficulties, many problems.
Our strong scientific community can also effectively address our unique challenges.
PM stated that coming together of swachagrahis from across the nation has strengthened the resolve of Swachh Bharat for a New India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for enhancement of the age of superannuation in respect of
The bridge will enhance connectivity and greatly reduce travel time between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
We have an ambitious agenda and an equally aggressive target to generate 175 giga watts from renewable energy.
He said that he is indeed blessed, to be associated with the project of Kashi Vishwanath Dham.
He said the new series of coins have been designed and released keeping that vision in mind.
I would additionally like to mention, that the movement of ‘Fit India’, without any expense, is called ‘YOG’.
Known as Chowkabara in Karnataka, Attoo in Madhya Pradesh, Pakidakaali in Kerala, Champal in Maharashtra, Daayaam and Thaayaam in Tamilnadu, Changaa Po in Rajasthan, it had innumerable names.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its ex-post facto approval to the Agreement on the facilitation of visa arrangements signed between India and Maldives signed in December, 2018.
First, last year we discussed pooling our efforts to create a BRICS rating agency.
Centre assures all support to Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation.
Russia reaffirms its strong support to India’s candidature for a permanent seat in a reformed United Nations Security Council.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Bilateral Investment Agreement (BIA) between India Taipei Association (ITA) in Taipei and Taipei Economic and Cultural Center (TECC) in India.
Ours is a truly privileged and unique relationship.
Loss of lives cannot be compensated, but I assure the grief-stricken families that in this moment of suffering& misery, a hundred & twenty five crore Indians stand by them, shoulder to shoulder.
In the year 2001, Atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and libraries of the country are also situated in Kerala.
To criticise, one has to research and find proper facts.
The students will get 200 ml of milk everyday which will help in fighting malnourishment.
There existed over 550 princely states.
The saints and seers of Gujarat have played a very big role in the making of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, he said.
Romania is a potential tourism markets for India (India received approximately 11844 tourists from Romania in 2017).
“I had learnt the true practice of law.
The Cadre review exercise will result in better functioning of media and communication arms of the government.
Hence, I am deeply grateful for your walking shoulder to shoulder with me in this Cleanliness drive, and look forward to your continuing to do the same.
2. To provide the officers and employees to Adjudicating Authority, Benches of the Adjudicating Authority and Appellate Tribunal by diverting the existing posts at the same level/rank from the Income Tax Deptt./Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT);
Friends, I have a firm belief that whenever you bought a new car, you won’t have purchased it under compulsion.
I wish Gift city and the India International Exchange the very best.
India and Israel live in complex geographies.
My thoughts are with Deepa Dasmunsi ji and family as well as his supporters”, the Prime Minister said.
Under the proposal, a Centre of Excellence in Rice Value Addition (CERVA) will be set up in Varanasi.
It will have the original verses of Bhagwad Gita along with commentary.
One thing is for sure, whether it is your student days or any other phase of your life, Yoga is a major key to the development of your inner mind.
We also held detailed discussions with Swiss CEOs.
Savarkar marched alongwith both poetry and revolution.
• 53% women Jan Dhan account holders and 59% Jan Dhan accounts are in rural and semi urban areas.
The members of the National Committee include former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, former Prime Minister Shri H.D. Deve Gowda, Union Ministers Shri Rajnath Singh, Smt.
Ending of that war is completing one hundred years meaning thereby that a century of ending of the vast devastation and human loss would also get completed.
PM visited the Swachh Sundar Shauchalay exhibition at Kurukshetra.
• Memorandum of Understanding for Establishing Mutual Cooperation to Improve the Ecosystem for Agribusiness;
We cannot deny that the more connected Afghanistan is with the regional arteries of trade, capital and markets, the more assured would be its economic growth and progress.
Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin discussed the steady expansion and diversification of bilateral ties, particularly noting the standout collaboration in the energy sector and the common pursuit of high- technology cooperation.
This is even more important today, as Science becomes hugely multi-disciplinary and requires concerted efforts.
6. Consultancy for the development of railway industry of both the countries; and
We are the second largest English speaking country.
Now a days our youth is committed to take this country to new heights.
That has led these our students to make this satellite.
Today, ASHA activists shared some more accounts of how they had been instrumental in saving lives of poor mothers and children through timely intervention.
The Prime Minister mentioned the Government’s stress on the blue economy, which he said is integral to the vision of a new India.
It is all pervasive, touching the lives of all and all inclusive.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the scheme of recapitalization of Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) for the next three years i.e. upto 2019-20.
This will also help India to forge cooperation and improve engagement among the counties of the Indian Ocean, including South Asian and African states bordering the Indian Ocean.
Our MPs must be congratulated for their path breaking decision to give India an indirect tax system for the 21st century.
The MoU was signed on 3rd August, 2018 during BRICS Labour and Employment Ministers (LEM) Meeting.
Modernisation and technology has entered into the field of agriculture.
He said delayed projects cause many problems, and the PRAGATI initiative had been initiated, to give priority to completion of projects.
But the path towards truth that he showed us, is still most appropriate.
The policy reforms and initiatives taken by the Union Government over the last four years came up for elaborate discussion in the course of over two hours.
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by PM.
The desirability of establishing professionally managed, large regional centers in PPP mode housing high value scientific equipment should be examined.
In recent years, we have deepened our international engagement with organizations such as the International Energy Agency, and OPEC.
His compassion has endeared him to millions.
Condolences to bereaved families.
Rs. 400 crore will be provided for improving the water holding capacity of the Brahmaputra River, which will assist in flood control.
I’m delighted to welcome Madame President and her delegation in India.
Name: Shri Fagan Singh Kulaste
• Because it is an indicator of Good Governance in the Country;
The re-routing of state highway at Kakinada will provide hindrance free training by reducing accidents and improvement in security of the establishment.
Greetings on the special occasion of Magh Bihu.
Cabinet approves amendment to the Cinematograph Act, 1952 Penal Provisions for unauthorized camcording and duplication of films Violators to face three years jail term or fine of Rs. 10 lakh or both
Not just that, just observe the rapidly enhancing levels of excellence in Indian sports !Hitherto, India had never won a medal in a Judo event, at the junior or senior level.
The MoU will promote understanding of best Agricultural practices in the two countries and will help in better productivity at farmer fields as well as improved global market.
Sister Nivedita and Scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful testimony to this.
In commemoration of that historic visit, the Mahatma Gandhi International Centre was set up with Government of India assistance at Matale in 2015.
HH Pramukh Swami Maharaj’s rich thoughts continue to guide people, transcending all barriers.
We will strengthen our cooperation with European Union in developing Smart Cities and upgrading urban infrastructure.
The loan contracted by States till 31.3.2016, from the National Small Savings Fund will stand completely repaid by the Financial Year 2038-39.
Please leave aside the old thinking.
It is a real pleasure to be with the business community of Japan and India.
Many other mementoes fetched an auction value that is several times their base price.
Come, let us be proud about these Indians who have lived their lives in South Africa embodying our highest and fundamental ideals.
In India, we are applying novel Public Private Partnership models, Infrastructure Debt Funds, and Infrastructure Investment Trusts to fund infrastructure.
There are many who rush to donate blood, when required.
Constructive criticism strengthens democracy; for an aware nation, an awakened nation, this churning is very important.
But, every section of society has taken this as its own campaign, everyone has got connected to this.
These initiatives will create new opportunities especially in the rural areas.
Cleanliness leads to better hygiene, better health, better working conditions and there-by better income and life.
This is necessary to leverage the underlying economic potential of our two countries.
• New initiatives are being introduced to provide assistance to States for upgradation of police infrastructure, forensic science laboratories, institutions and the equipment available with them to plug critical gaps in the criminal justice system.
In this context, let me outline a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction:
Explaining the role of Gas Based Economy in moving towards Clean Energy, Prime Minister said that CGD network will play a major role in achieving Clean Energy solutions.
At a public meeting, he will flag-off the 900th coach, and a Humsafar Rake of this Factory.
His wife Nidhi also took a resolve and joined the army.
He expressed confidence that relations will go forward even faster.
The Prime Minister said that it is important to take tests and exams in the right spirit.
Rape is painful.
PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Coach Refurbishing Workshop in Jhansi.
He used to remark, on the one hand, inspired by Maoism, ‘Workers of the world unite’, on the other he would say, workers, come, unite the world.
Now when there is such a big drought, it’s not in anybody’s hands.
A lot of people have worked in this direction.
The Prime Minister recalled his interaction with the Japan-India Parliamentarians’ Friendship League in September, and welcomed increased interaction between the legislatures of both countries.
I was overjoyed to see people getting connected to it with a lot of enthusiasm.
This would also ensure that all Teachers would attain minimum qualifications as considered necessary to maintain the standard of teaching quality.
These projects will help in better time and rail traffic management.
We will continue to enhance currency cooperation, consistent with each central bank’s legal mandate, and to explore more modalities of the cooperation.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of cohesiveness in the European Union, and its significance as a force of stability in the world.
Space technology will touch the lives of our people in the region.
Those receiving Rs. 3000 so far, would now receive Rs. 4500.
I am sure of your help.
The aim of the Scheme is to assist the State Governments to provide reasonable degree of protection against floods in critical areas by adopting optimum combination of structural and non-structural measures and enhancing capabilities of State / Central Government officials in related fields.
The Prime Minister began by inviting suggestions from officers.
We are taking steps to expand this project to other regions of the Kyrgyz Republic.
Under the Programme, one officer from the Australian Treasury shall be seconded to the Department of Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance and one officer from the IES (at Deputy Secretary/Director level) to be nominated by the IES Cadre, Department of Economic Affairs, shall be seconded to the Australian Treasury, Government of Australia, for a period of three months, beginning 15.1.2018 or later.
The land had no value due to water shortage.
Where 125 crore Indians write their own destiny instead of being left to their own fate.
He said these development projects will give opportunities to the youth of Jharkhand.
PM added that till date both UTs had only 15 Medical seats in a year and with the setting up of this Medical College , 150 seats will be available now.
The Department of Posts will get an equal area of land of 16.5 cents which is about 200 metres away from the existing Thrissur Central Post Office.
This campaign made people aware of social maladies such as child-marriage and the dowry system.
We urge all parties to fully respect international law, to cease hostilities and to return to the UN brokered peace talks, leading to an inclusive Yemeni-led dialogue towards the achievement of a political solution to the conflict.
As two important maritime nations that are also neighbours, we agreed to cooperate to ensure the safety and security of the sea lanes, in disaster response and environmental protection.
On the last day before exams begin, I would not really urge you to start doing push-ups, get down on the field, or go for a 3 to 5 km walk.
The Government will ensure that the perpetrators of this attack are brought to book.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Australia for promotion and development of cooperation in civil aviation security.
After that the tenure of the NCSK has been extended as a non-statutory body from time to time.
He added that that India would become great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
I was surprised to see that some projects are 20 to 30 years old and are hugely delayed.
He said National Awards have also been announced in the names of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and Sardar Patel.
A number of organisations have also successfully carried out many experiments to promote digital transactions amongst the rural folk and poor farmers.
The PETROTECH-2019 Exhibition will have over 13 country pavilions and around 750 exhibitors from over 40 countries, with exclusive areas on the Make in India and Renewable Energy theme.
He thanked the Indian community in Seoul for the warm welcome they had accorded him.
Beginning the conversation, the Prime Minister said that he had come to the Town Hall session as a friend of the students, and their parents and family.
This achievement is a very good omen for the future of our Hockey team.
In India, we have provided for not less than one third of women representation in rural and urban local bodies, ensuring women’s participation in grass-root level decision-making.
The Prime Minister stated that both countries have benefitted in an unprecedented manner through economic engagement.
Implementation Strategy:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released the book “Moving On, Moving Forward – A Year in Office” to mark one year in office of Vice President Venkaiah Naidu.
Both sides welcomed the announcement by the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd, and Westinghouse that engineering and site design work will begin immediately and the two sides will work toward finalizing the contractual arrangements by June 2017.
During the course of the visit, the Prime Minister interacted with several Indian scientists working at IRRI.
But after 50 days woes of honest persons will start receding and trouble time for corrupt ones will start uprising.
Guru Ravidas Ji ushered in several positive changes in our society.
My dear countrymen, tomorrow, that is the 1st of May, carries one more significance.
In the coming days, we have plans to deploy such trash skimmers at other places also and the benefits of it will be felt by the people living on the banks of Ganga and Yamuna.
I am aware that sometimes I’ll have to face criticism for empowering the people and the country instead of handing out doles.
The Prime Minister later visited the Durga Mata Temple, and Durga Kund.
I would like to share positive outcome of the budget session.
The 9/11 of 1893 was about love, harmony and brotherhood, he added.
It is bent upon destroying the humanitarian forces.
Frank and fearless in his views, his work spanned across many decades.
In order to ensure that the fruits of progress rightly reach all sections of society, it is imperative that our society is freed of these ills.
The second set of copper plates is believed to be the earliest documentation of the history of Jewish trade with India.
New Policy – A reflect of long term Vision
Ganesh ji removes all obstacles and let us all wish that our country, our society, our families, and each one of us may lead a life free of obstacles.
Could there be a better example of a teacher setting standards for the advancement of society?
He also briefed Prime Minister on the situation in Bangladesh.
Tunneling technology
I am sure, this exchange will set new standards for quality of service and speed of transactions across time zones.
Transactions in foreign currency: The transactions of financial services in the IFSCs shall be done in the foreign currency as specified by the Authority in consultation with the Central Govt.
When, once again, we celebrate our partnership with the people of Sri Lanka and with residents of Jaffna.
g) the International Convention for Bunker Oil Pollution Damage, 2001.
We have not just focused on changing the perception.
India is a country blessed with rich diversity.
The Prime Minister urged China to make a fair and objective assessment of India’s application and judge it on its own merit.
He also said the Union Government is working with an elaborate vision, to preserve the cultural heritage of India, which includes the heritage associated with Lord Buddha.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee on his birthday.
INTERNATIONAL ISSUES
Decision taken in view of the continuous poor physical and financial performance of the company for more than 10 years combined with low probability of its revival in the future
The world needs cooperation and not competition in the eastern shores of Africa and the eastern Indian Ocean.
The works under the scheme will protect valuable land from erosion and flooding and help in maintaining peace along the border.
During the same period a scheme to declare black money was introduced.
Kollam Bypass will reduce ravel time between Alappuzha and Thiruvananthapuram and decongest the traffic in Kollam town.
In a series of posts from his Facebook account the Prime Minister said:
The total cost of the project for temporary campus is Rs. 152.79 crores.
He will inaugurate the Mundra LNG terminal, the Anjar-Mundra Pipeline Project and the Palanpur-Pali-Barmer pipeline project.
The converted locos will result in less Green House Gas emissions and better efficient locomotives for the Indian Railways.
The Scheme aims to develop the personality and leadership qualities of the youth and to engage them in nation building activities.
A guru, a poet, a philosopher, a great warrior, Guru Gobind Singh ji, in all these roles, performed the great task of inspiring people.
However, the cost on account of mutation of the alternate land after swapping shall be borne by M/s MIAL.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries expressed happiness with the good quality of medicines available at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
viii.The wage revision shall be subject to the condition that there shall be no increase in labour cost per physical unit of output.
Raising the issue of black money at the world stage
He spoke of the sacrifice of one and a half lakh Indian soldiers, who laid down their lives in distant lands during World Wars 1 and 2.
And for that you also have to take tough steps.
Background:
During this survey, the matters to be surveyed include freedom from defecation in the open in cities, collection of garbage, transport facilities to lift garbage, processing of garbage using scientific methods, efforts to usher in behavioural changes, innovative steps taken for capacity building to maintain cleanliness and public participation in this campaign.
During the Convention, Pravasi Bharatiya Samman is conferred on the selected overseas Indians for their significant contributions to various fields both in India and abroad.
Derivatives have a use in managing risk.
The second option in such a situation is imports.
Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Khattar and several other dignitaries were present on this occasion.
This is the age of inter-dependence;
I hope that such a scenario will also exist in both the houses of the Parliament and may we and our Parliamentarians who are associated with the sorrows of the common man, get the opportunity to speak.
Today, with NHRC operating at the national level, 26 State Human Rights Commissions have also been constituted.
He will deliver the Convocation Address, at the 56th Annual Convocation of the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay.
g) Foster bilateral cooperation through film tourism for promoting the two countries as attractive tourism destinations and
During a review of the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the Union Government’s commitment to provide Housing for All by 2022.
India is committed to remain a partner in Cambodia’s economic development and looks forward to further deepen its traditional ties.
This will entitle them to use the nomenclature of Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) or Master of Technology (M.Tech) or Ph.D degree as issued by a University or Institution of National Importance.
A Ministerial Declaration was also adopted.
If I want your help, the help of youth of my country, then I want your help for setting this country free from this corruption which is like a termite.
The interest in Khadi had waned since those heady days.
Transparency has been brought about in the entire process by making it operable online.
The last such notification was issued till September, 2016.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the importance of preserving institutional memory.
The things that he mentioned about dedication, determination, diligence… just keep at it my friends.
He also presented the first copy of the book to the Vice President of India.
The Prime Minister said that this spirit that has been learnt in NCC camps will remain with the Cadets for life.
With AIIMS in Madurai, we can say that this brand of healthcare has been taken to all corners of the country – from Kashmir to Madurai and from Guwahati to Gujarat.
All this, combined with our conviction to do even better, gives me the confidence that India will occupy a place of pride in the World Bank report next year and in the years thereafter.
Relevant Ministries will take the required actions to implement these decisions.
Offset guidelines have been made flexible by allowing changes of Indian Offset Partners and offset components, even in contracts already signed.
The Prime Minister said he is glad to see several Yoga institutes take shape over the last three years, and noted that the demand for Yoga teachers is increasing.
MoU on cooperation In the field of Energy between India and Italy
Put yourself to test, and you’ll find that a defeat in competition with others results in frustration, disappointment, despair and jealousy, but ‘Anuspardha’ or ‘competition with self’ leads to self-analysis and introspection and makes our determination stronger and more resolute.
Since the instant proposal is for construction of flats for employees of Chandigarh Administration, the project will directly or indirectly provide employment opportunity to labour and some blue collared workers i.e. engineers at local level also for the duration of the project, without putting pressure on exchequer.
Because, whether it is on land or in the waters of the Indian Ocean, the security of our societies is indivisible.
BRICS Young Scientists’ Conclave (26-30 Sept 2016, Bengaluru) 87.
It holds a unique position in India’s neighbourhood.
Farmers in the whole of India availing short term crop loans, from Cooperative Banks will be benefitted.
The Prime Minister recalled that Harivansh ji had also worked with former Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar ji.
The two parties now desiring to strengthen and further develop the established relationship for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
Several initiatives have been undertaken in various sectors and aviation sector is among them.
The occasion was the completion of 75 years of the formation of the Azad Hind Government.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Education of the Republic of Belarus
He will also dedicate the ‘Women’s Hostel for Students from North Eastern Region at Bangalore University.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Shri Balramji Dass Tandon, the Governor of Chhattisgarh.
The Prime Minister thanked everyone present in the gathering for fulfilling his vision of a Kumbh that was a blend of spirituality, faith and modernity.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Government is working with compassion to serve people, in line with the path shown by Lord Buddha.
Exchanged on the Russian Federation side by
Mr. Jacques Audibert, Diplomatic Adviser to the French President, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
The Prime Minister distributed e-tablets to health workers to mark the launch of ImTeCHO – an innovative mobile phone application to improve performance of ASHAs.
The movement for a cleaner India and ensuring better sanitation facilities is a people’s movement.
In this holy month of Ramzan, I came across a very inspiring incident at Mubarakpur village of Bijnor in Uttar Pradesh.
Joint Declaration of Intent on Cooperation in the field of Information & Communications Technology and Electronics between the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology of the Government of the Republic of India and the Government Secretary of Modernization of the Republic of Argentina
Gift city will be able to mitigate many of these criticisms.
Queen Maxima is visiting India in her capacity as UN Secretary-General’s Special Advocate for Inclusive Finance for Development.
We inherited a system where cronyism and corruption were believed to be rampant in banking decisions and in appointments to public sector banks.
Burn Standard Company Limited was incorporated in 1976 following nationalization and amalgamation of Burn and Company and Indian Standard Wagon Company Limited in 1987 under Department of Heavy Industries (DHI).
37. Prime Minister Modi expressed his sincere gratitude to His Majesty the King for the warm welcome and gracious hospitality.
Combating terror financing jointly is yet another important area where we could work collectively.
In order to change the situation, the government has encouraged Foreign Direct Investment in food processing sector.
Earlier, Secretaries also made some suggestions on various sectors of governance.
I will then travel to Rajkot, where I will join the Samajik Adhikarita Shivir and interact with my Divyang sisters and brothers.
PM laid foundation stone of the project aimed at reducing pollution of Rivers Devika & Tawi under the National River Conservation Plan (NRCP).
Distinguished Guests from India and abroad
The Dam Safety Bill, 2018 address all issues concerning dam safety including regular inspection of dams, Emergency Action Plan, comprehensive dam safety review, adequate repair and maintenance funds for dam safety, Instrumentation and Safety Manuals.
In fact, the scope of discussion with teenagers is quite limited in most of the families.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the NCC Rally in New Delhi.
But just because of obstructionism, states have been deprived of the benefit of Rs 40,000 crore.
Hence all of us should join hands together in the parliament to give a new impetus and direction to country.
My dear countrymen, when I talked about cleanliness from the Ramparts of Red Fort in 2014, some people made fun.
39. Our farmers have worked hard to ensure a Record foodgrain production.
Nanaji Deshmukh left politics and joined the Gramodaya Movement and while celebrating his Centenary year, it is but natural to honour his contribution towards Gramodaya.
It demonstrates your determination to shed the legacy of violence and pursue the path of economic progress.
As such, an ordinary citizen will not face any difficulty as technology technological tools have been built for this purpose.
Budgetary support for funding cost of enabling infrastructure i.e. roads and bridges on case to case basis as per actual, limited to Rs. 1.5 crore per MW for upto 200 MW projects and Rs. 1.0 crore per MW for above 200 MW projects.
You might have heard from the experienced in the society that in case a house is engulfed in fire and there is complete loss of property, it is said that the family can get back on its own with its will power and perseverance.
The principal portion of the loan will be repaid through the ‘internal accruals’ (earned through the fee receipts, research earnings etc) of the institutions.
Discipline plays a major role in laying the foundation of success in our lives.
It was here that Mahatma Gandhi conceptualised his politics.
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement Working Group Meeting(25 February 2016, Shanghai) 40.
The Prime Minister praised the valour of the CRPF personnel and said that the sacrifice of the martyrs will not go in vain.
Sachin ji also talked of a positive approach, a positive frame of mind.
The cost of heart stent for heart patients has been reduced to 85%.
While discussions on the path of salvation are going on here, there are people who think that who knows the future.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that development is the best answer to all kinds of violence.
Condemning the recent terrorist attack on pilgrims of Amarnath Yatra, Sr. Gen. U Min Aung Hliang expressed his sincere condolences for the victims of the attack.
Senior media persons from DainikJagran, including Shri Sanjay Gupta, joined the interaction from Noida, and shared their efforts to further cleanliness.
PM Modi invited Czech companies to take advantage of huge opportunities that the Indian market offered for manufacturing in India especially in defense, automotive and railway sectors.
125 crore Indians will join the rest of the world, in welcoming it with new hope, new energy and new dreams.
An NGO called Ecological Protection Organization launched a cleanliness campaign in Chandrapur Fort.
We observe ARMED FORCES FLAG DAY every year on 7th December.
One can imagine one’s agonizing mental state if her world gets shattered at such a early age!
The regulatory framework for ensuring the quality, safety and efficacy of medical products including the medicines, medical devices, in-vitro medical devices, stem cells, regenerative medicines, clinical trial/investigation, etc. is provided for in the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940.
At the remaining districts, collective Gruh-Pravesh will be celebrated at the block level.
A 12-member delegation of the Seychelles Parliament called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
We have ensured that there is proper sanitation in all areas – both urban and rural.
Being convinced that the development of connectivity in various forms and manifestations is the key to promote regional integration, we express satisfaction at the continuing efforts and initiatives to advance multi-modal physical connectivity (air, rail, roads and waterways) in the BIMSTEC region.
The school campus is spread across 15 acres and has all modern amenities.
Friends, our scriptures have laid down four Purusharthas-the objects of human pursuits.
But I would still like to tell parents that if you notice your son or daughter or any other member of your family – – – earlier the entire family used to dine together.
• A commitment to an open, interoperable, secure, and reliable cyberspace environment;
He always remained engaged in keeping India’s integrity intact.
He said modern roads, clean trains and economical air travel, all contribute to ease of living for the middle class.
At the end, I invite more and more German colleagues and companies to India.
It has executed projects in more than 70 countries in the domain of Telecommunications and Information Technology.
May there be peace every where in the sky in space,
The setting up of a new unit at Barauni will meet the growing demand of urea of Bihar, West Bengal and Jharkhand.
Therefore, over the last few years, we have made a humble beginning.
The issue of disability pension was referred to the National Anomaly Committee by the Ministry of Defence on account of the representation received from the Defence Forces to retain the slab-based system, as it would have resulted in reduction in the amount of disability pension for existing pensioners and a reduction in the amount of disability pension for future retirees when compared to percentage-based disability pension.
The Prime Minister said the common man could relate to Adi Shankara’s composition – Soundarya Lahari.
Shrutis are believed to be revealed divine knowledge, transmitted orally.
There cannot be any bigger pleasure for me than to know that my visit has been connected with the cleanliness campaign.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the 350th birth anniversary celebrations of Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji Maharaj in Patna.
Citizens are using digital payments as a weapon against corruption and black money, he added.
Mortality due to TB per lakh population for India reduced to 21 in 2017 from 32 in 2016;
On the one side, your relationship with US, you made sure that India enters the Missile Control Technology Regime with them.
We are entering an era of greater energy availability.
The two sides welcomed the finalization of an MoU in this regard.
Here I am with my words.
• Around 90 LMGs were seized.
Under this scheme, flights have begun today from Shimla, Nanded and Kadapa Airports.
Expressing happiness in interacting with women from Self Help Groups of various states, Prime Minister said that each member is an inspiring example of resolution, collective efforts and entrepreneurship.
He said today’s generation has the capability and the potential to eradicate social evils.
You and I shared many thoughts and ideas the entire year.
Gandhiji’s peaceful resistance inspired leaders like Nelson Mandela, Desmond Tutu, Albert Luthuli, Julius Nyrere and Kwame Nkrumah.
Jawans from our security forces have to perform duties in difficult and remote areas.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to income tax administration.
So, these handful of people telling that there was something wrong with the new method of calculating the GDP.
No. 79 in the list of Scheduled Castes of Odisha.
This is a very good way of dealing with it.
Chief Guest of PBD 2019, Prime Minister of Mauritius, PravindJugnauth, ,Governor of Uttar Pradesh Ram Naik, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj along with UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, Chief Minister of Haryana, Manohar Lal Khattar, Chief Minister of UttarakhandTrivendra Singh Rawat, Union Minister of State for Overseas Indian Affairs Retd.General V K Singh and several other dignitaries graced the occasion.
He said that earlier, such delays had also been happening in procurement of other important armaments.
It brings key the stakeholders under the Central Government and the States together under one umbrella Mission with a three-tier structure, consisting of: the Governing Council for policy role, Steering Committee for coordination role and Mission Directorate (along with an Executive Committee) for execution.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal –
He gifted all his relatives, guests and friends with a sapling of ‘Kesar’ variety of mango.
He went to South Africa as a lawyer seeking work and returned to India as a strong voice for humanitarian values, who would go on to shape the history of humankind.
We not only just synchronise our goals with the plans but also finish them on time.
The Prime Minister urged the extra-ordinarily gifted children to stay connected with nature.
First you didn’t have now what is the source of your high income.
The Agreement will provide a broad legal framework for bilateral cooperation between India and Morocco in investigation and prosecution of crime, tracing, restraint, forfeiture or confiscation or proceeds and instruments of crime.
Such flexibility will be effective in addressing the elements of competition with new products of investment, to deal with very dynamic and sometimes volatile market, macro-economic and other conditions such as gold price.
India invented the concept of ‘zero’ and the ‘decimal system’ more than two thousand years ago.
He spoke of the measures taken to provide affordable healthcare to the poor, including Jan AushadhiKendras.
The organization is serving the nation since 1898 as a nodal agency for regulating safety of substances such as explosives, compressed gases and petroleum.
And you must have observed today also that women are a majority amongst those who ask me questions or send in suggestions.
He said every country is connected to every other in some way, and there may be areas of differences, as well as of cooperation.
Under this scheme, the best students who have completed or are in the final year of B. Tech or Integrated M.Tech or M.Sc. in Science and Technology streams from IISc/IITs/NITs/IISERs/IIITs will be offered direct admission in PhD programme in the IITs/IISc.
There is much to learn and absorb from Japan’s experience.
He said India’s energy deficit has reduced from 4.2 percent in 2013-14, to less than one percent today.
The areas comprising of 3 complete districts namely,Banswara, Dungarpur, Pratapgarh; 9 complete tehsils, 1 complete block and 46 complete gram panchayats covering 227 villages in district Udaipur, Rajsamand, Chittorgarh, Pali and Sirohi of Rajasthan, would be included in the Scheduled Areas in the State of Rajasthan.
Friends, nation celebrates 75 years of independence in 2022.
NCC cadets participating in the parade at Raj Path and those who did not get the opportunity to participate in the parade or being seen on the Raj Path, those who work in the background, those who labored extremely hard for a month, for every such person, the guests from 10 countries, the entire country and Indian Diaspora spread across the world takes pride in every step taken by you people.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Outstanding Parliamentarian Awards at the function organized by the Indian Parliamentary Group in New Delhi.
The country was desperate for that freedom, be it a leader or an ordinary Indian, there was no difference in the intensity of this feeling.
The successful Malabar naval exercise has underscored the convergence in our strategic interests in the broad expanse of the waters of the Indo-Pacific.
PM MODI: Firstly, I don’t live under the burden of worries.
They are paid their salaries in cash and we know that due to this, they are exploited also.
Collaboration of India with Singapore will benefit both India and Singapore to excel in the fields of Development of Application Programming Interfaces (APls), Regulatory Sandbox, Security in payment and digital cash flow, integration of RuPay-Network for Electronic Transfers (NETS), UPI-FAST payment link, AADHAR Stack and e-KYC in ASEAN region and cooperation on regulations, solutions for financial markets and insurance sector and sand box models.
Details are as follows:
“Superb performance P. V. Sindhu.
I request you all as to why should we not use clay in making Ganesh and Durga idols and revert to our old tradition.
This is the land from where the light of Buddhism spread to the world.
Despite fiscal constraints, the sharing pattern of core centrally sponsored schemes for North Eastern States has been continued at 90-10.
83 companies expressed interest to join the program;
The Collection of Statistics Act, 2008 was enacted to facilitate the collection of statistics on economics, demographic, social, scientific and environmental aspects etc.
To this effect, we reaffirm our commitment to conclude the IMF’s 15th General Review of Quotas, including a new quota formula while protecting the voice of the poorest countries by the 2019 Spring Meetings and no later than the 2019 Annual Meetings.
They suggest that rankings only improve things on paper, but nothing changes on the ground.
The PM said that sabkasaathsabkavikas entails empowerment of all sections of the society including poor, women, youth and tribals.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Manipur on their Statehood Day.
He said that 12th January is no ordinary day, and Swami Vivekananda’s powerful thoughts continue to shape several minds.
People born in the year 2000 or later; those born in the 21st century will gradually begin to become eligible voters from the 1st of January, 2018.
Ladies and Gentlemen.
I believe, people of the country have given me the responsibility and I must fulfill it.
On the evening of 22nd September, the Prime Minister will visit the historic Tulsi Manas Temple in Varanasi.
In managing the affairs of this radio station, a resident of Gujarat M.R. Vyas ji played a vital role.
Besides this, he added, Union Ministers also regularly visit the region.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Marshal of the Indian Air Force Arjan Singh.
I have had the privilege of working with him for many years.
When our colleagues are honoured, we feel proud that we work with such colleagues.
The Prime Minister also interacted with the participants of the festival.
Caring for that lone voter, for ensuring that he or she enjoys full opportunity to exercise the right to vote, personnel of Election Commission travel to distant remote places to make necessary arrangements for the voting.
My dear countrymen!
To make it better, we are working hard on various enablers.
The elections could not be held for some reason or the other.
Also, she used to worship Lord Krishna in her childhood.
Thereafter, the MoU will be automatically renewed for successive periods of five years, unless either Party notifies the other Party of its intention of not to renew the MoU, at least six months before its expiration.
Addressing the gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister noted that he had come to Maharashtra, a day before the Jayanti of the great Shivaji Maharaj.
18.Reaffirmed the importance to have an effectivemultilateral system, with the United Nations at its core, and agreed on the importance of continuing supporting the progress in the process of comprehensive reforms of the United Nations Security Council.
On the subject of law and order, the Prime Minister emphasised the importance of foot patrolling and constabulary Intelligence.
During the colonial period, political bonds were forged between our leaders, who displayed a great sense of hope and unity during our common struggle for independence.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
I particularly welcome UAE’s interest in investing in India’s infrastructure sector.
Since such transactions account for sizeable percentage of transaction volume, it will help to move towards a less cash economy.
But I’m feeling at home due to the warm welcome accorded to me.
List of Centrally Sponsored Schemes in accordance with the National Development Agenda:
I congratulate the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Jee for presenting an excellent Budget.
Out of these 3 lakh shell companies, registration of 1.75 lakh companies were cancelled.
For this purpose Cabinet approved the conversion into equity of the Government of India loan of Rs 101.78 crores given to the Company, alongwith the interest amounting to Rs 424.81 Crore accrued on this loan.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre, in New Delhi, to the nation.
He also gave examples of success that is being achieved in entirely new initiatives such as soil testing.
It provides a framework and enabling environment to understand each other’s strengths, market, technologies, policies, etc.
The Prime Minister said that while talking about rural development, budgets are important.
Elaborating on the Union Government’s guiding principle of Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas, the Prime Minister said the schemes of the Union Government are no longer limited to certain people, or to certain regions, and are reaching everyone without discrimination, in a balanced way.
He said Hima Das, and other youngsters like her who are bringing home sporting medals, represent New India.
The coming together of so many nations to mark the International Day of Yoga illustrates the real essence of Yoga – togetherness.
They succeeded in reviving the dried out Sasur Khaderi river with the help and cooperation of people from 40-45 villages of the area.
Share openly what you are going through, with your colleagues, friends, parents, brothers, and teachers.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid homage to 10th Sikh Guru Guru Gobind Singh ji on his 350th Prakash Parv.
· The loans given by Housing Finance Companies and Non-Banking Finance Companies have registered significant growth.
Now, keeping in mind the agricultural produce in different districts, agricultural cluster approach will be adopted in different districts across the country.
An independent, dedicated tower company of BSNL with a focused approach will lead to increasing of external tenancies and consequentially higher revenue for the new company.
The Prime Minister said that in the western part of the country, there is water shortage, and in the eastern part, there is power and gas shortage.
PM will also lay foundation stone/ dedicate to nation, various development projects in Gorakhpur.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted engineers on Engineers’ Day.
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
It should help develop habits of social responsibility, service to the nation and service to humanity.
The Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation, the Deendayal Hastkala Sankul – a trade facilitation centre for handicrafts – at Bada Lalpur.
My dear countrymen, we want to move ahead.
He also called for greater people-to-people exchanges.
The Prime Minister by presenting the Swachh Kumbh Swachh Aabhar awards will honour those who have played a vital role in ensuring a Swachh Kumbh.
The Air Force, Navy, Army, BSF, CISF, RAF, every agency has played an exemplary role in the rescue & relief operations.
The main objective of the scheme was to develop a financial asset as an alternative to purchasing metal gold.
• All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Deoghar
The Prime Minister congratulated the award winners for their achievements.
I invite each one of you to become a partner in India’s growth story.
This noble and grand task named Mission Clean Morna involved more than six thousand denizens of Akola, more than 100 NGOs, Colleges, Students, children, the elderly, mothers, sisters, almost everybody participated in this task.
I remember the day when Netaji’s family paid a visit to the Prime Minister’s residence.
Bilateral trade between India and Việt Nam has increased about 10 fold in 10 years.
Further, hydropower also provides water security, irrigation and flood moderation benefits, apart from socio-economic development of the entire region by providing employment opportunities and boosting tourism etc.
That is why my dear brothers and sisters, it is necessary for us to move ahead with big aims and resolve.
Efforts must be made to increase natural gas production while also creating import infrastructure to meet the growing domestic demand.
And, We agreed to speed up establishment of Chairs of Indian and Indonesian Studies in each other’s universities.
The entire world now comes together, to celebrate Yoga Day on 21st June every year.
Praying for a year filled with joy & prosperity”, the Prime Minister said.
Thank you, Excellency, for your warm words of welcome and for your generous hospitality.
Various initiatives during my visit including this meeting are indicators in that direction.
The entire 1.25 billion citizens of the country are a witness to this historical event.
I also congratulate her parents Jasmer Singh ji and Usha Rani Ji for supporting & encouraging Rajani.
The First Joint Working Group (JWG) meeting under the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) is scheduled to be held later this month in London.
Our oil companies are assessing all their investmentskeeping in view the energy diversification strategies.
In this regard, they noted the importance of concluding a bilateral agreement that would enable motor vehicle traffic, both passenger and cargo, to cross the border.
My call to you is to find ways to enable the capital markets to provide long term capital for infrastructure.
The MoC, will enhance bilateral cooperation between the two countries in the areas of Traditional Systems of Medicine.
SulagittiNarsamma was a midwife, aiding pregnant women during childbirth.
The government will not interfere in their functioning.
Six groups of young CEOs made presentations before the PM on themes such as Make in India; Doubling Farmers’ Income; World Class Infrastructure; Cities of Tomorrow; Reforming the Financial Sector; and New India by 2022.
And this time I have spoken about it well in time.
Buddhism and its various strands are deep seated in our governance, culture and philosophy.
India, as a responsible member of the international community, has also been in the fore-front of our collective fight against climate change.
Her Excellency, Dr. Angela Merkel, Leaders from Global Business Community, Ladies and Gentlemen!
It was a historic war against injustice, which was fought under the leadership of “Banga-Bandhu” and led to the unprecedented victory of the people of Bangladesh.
With great respect and in an emotion filled voice, she said, that Mahatma Gandhi had sent this handkerchief to her as a wedding gift.
Come, be a part of this movement and strengthen the efforts to create a Swachh Bharat!
In the matter of GST I have seen how everyone, right from the Government functionaries at the Tehsil level to the officers in the top echelons of Government of India have toiled tirelessly with great dedication.
Among those who interacted with the Prime Minister today were Shri Anand Mahindra, SmtSudhaMurthy, and a number of young professionals, from India’s top IT companies.
Shri Modi will attend the One District, One Product Regional Summit at Deendayal Hastakala Sankul (Trade Facilitation Centre & Crafts Museum) in Varanasi.
The very thought is dreadful.
Malta has brought in a formal legislation on Block-chain technology and sees role of Indian IT companies as system monitors.
The results are clearly visible.
Information Technology and Human Resources development along with Indo-Japan Global Startup.
I am told that the Dina Thanthi offers this option today, through seventeen editions, not only in Tamil Nadu but also in Bengaluru, Mumbai and even in Dubai.
He said that India needs to scale great heights in multiple spheres such as science, innovation, and sports etc.
This is the inherent strength of a festival.
There are large and vibrant pools of progress and prosperity that spread across the landscape of this region.
And that secret ingredient, apart from the government, money, planning and focussed work is manifest in the form of those artisans, labourers, artists and architects who came from every corner of the country.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty, the Prime Minister said, appreciating the valour of the jawans guarding the nation’s borders.
I am very happy to release a stamp on the occasion of the one thousandth birth anniversary of the great social reformer and Saint Shri Ramanujacharya.
We aim to provide every poor and homeless household a house with toilet, water and electricity by the year 2022.
He said these accounts were linked with Aadhaar numbers and mobile phones.
We wish to express our appreciation for the opportunity of a Summit between BRICS and BIMSTEC Leaders to discuss matters of mutual interest and exchange views on important global and regional issues including the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
He will then address the gathering at HaptaKangjeibung in Imphal East District.
Recently India proudly inscribed her name in various sectors of the global economic scenario.
You encountered the stiff challenge of making your own mark and identity in a newly independent nation.
They have perfectly practiced the art of doing wrong deeds.
Do you know that while around four thousand patents were granted in 2013 and 2014, more than thirteen thousand patents were granted in 2017-18?
A special Leprosy Case Detection Campaign was carried out in 2016.
It is the best tribute to the great women and men who gave their lives for India’s freedom.
Clean Energy Finance
At Netaji Stadium, the Prime Minister will release a commemorative postal stamp, coin and first day cover to mark the 75th Anniversary of the hoisting of Tricolour on Indian soil by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
Building People-to-People Ties
Stating that India’s foreign policy has brought India to the fore in the global arena, PM said people hear what India has to say.
Exchange of experiences and technologies in the field of telemedicine and electronic-health information systems; 5.
– Good And Simple Tax- GST – that was stuck up for several years was put in place.
India’s growth story is not only good for the people of India but also for the entire world.
Noting the progress made in bringing corrupt officials to book, the Prime Minister said that the various initiatives and measures taken by the Income Tax Department to facilitate the people, should be communicated to all taxpayers suitably.
Once again, I congratulate the medal winners at the Asian Games and also wish the remaining players perform well.
The Prime Minister had earlier participated in Yoga celebrations at Rajpath in New Delhi in 2015, the Capitol Complex in Chandigarh in 2016, and the Ramabai Ambedkar Sabha Sthal in Lucknow in 2017.
*Flagging of Bandra- Jamnagar Humsafar Express
He said about half of all member nations of the International Solar Alliance are from Africa.
On the contrary, we must talk about this, the Prime Minister said.
Indians have a long tradition in mathematics.
AB-NHPM will subsume the on-going centrally sponsored schemes -Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY) and the Senior Citizen Health Insurance Scheme (SCHIS),
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
(c) Creation of one additional HAG+ level post taking the grade strength to 2.
I think maybe he is the only Vice President who has been associated with this environment for so many years and knows the nuances of the House.
At present, Kendriya Vidyalaya Number 2, Dhar Road, Udhampur has been functioning in temporary buildings ever since its inception in 1985.
It envisages private sector collaboration for strategic purchasing, capacity building, skill development programmes, awareness generation, developing sustainable networks for community to strengthen mental health services, and disaster management.
v.The Management of CPSEs where the five year periodicity is followed have to ensure that negotiated scales of pay for two successive wages negotiations do not exceed the existing scales of pay of executives/officers and non-unionized supervisors of respective CPSEs for whom ten years periodicity is being followed.
And, who can be a better teacher than experience!
NCC is a mission.
The lives of these people can inspire us not to waste food.
New year greetings to everyone.
By claiming that demonetisation has stopped a fast moving car, our critics too have acknowledged the speed of our progress.
From individual to the world
(ii) Waivers of Govt. of India loans and interest amounting to Rs. 307.23 crores (principal amount of Rs. 186.96 crore and interest approximately Rs. 120.27 crore thereon calculated as on 30.9.2017) and deferment of various dues amounting to Rs. 128.68 crores.
Will ensure your demand of Assam Accord is implemented, he added.
Portugal’s strength in football and the rapid development of this sport in India could well form the nucleus of an emerging partnership in sporting disciplines.
The name of Satyendra Nath Bose has been immortalized in the history of science by concepts and terms, like Bose Statistics, Bose Einstein Condensation and Higgs Boson.
They reiterated their commitment to intensify their cooperation in the United Nations and other multilateral organizations in order to address current global challenges such as climate change and to foster international and regional peace and security, as well as sustainable development.
15th August, this year will be a major milestone to commemorate the 70th year of our independence.
He said, “I am happy to learn that Tamil Nadu has already started 1320 health and wellness centers”.
What new did you see !
We recall his contribution to our freedom struggle and during his tenure as Prime Minister”, the Prime Minister said.
The leaders committed to promote stability in cyberspace based on the applicability of international law including the United Nations Charter, the promotion of voluntary norms of responsible state behavior during peacetime, and the development and implementation of practical confidence building measures between states.
Presently, the airports being managed under the PPP model include Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Cochin.
I offer my best wishes to you all for Ganesh Chaturthi.
• The fight against terrorism is not a confrontation against any religion: PM Modi
The times have changed.
It was noted that solar pumps with a total capacity of 208 MegaWatts have already been installed so far across the country.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Tourism, Government of the Republic of India and Ministry of Cultural, Information & Tourism of the Government of the Kyrgyz Republic for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
The Prime Minister said that the Dainik Jagran has played a key role in generating awareness, and in the re-building of the nation.
Shri Sharad Rao, Kissan Leader are here with us.
The growing convergence of views between Japan and India under our Special Strategic and Global Partnership has the capacity to drive the regional economy and development, and stimulate the global growth.
India is a Young Nation.
The festival of Samvatsari is symbolic of forgiveness, non-violence and brotherhood.
And, he also said that peace is preferable to war.
All the family members have to work as a team and play with zeal their respective roles to make this festival of examination a success.
The Prime Minister acknowledged the rise of sporting talents from the small towns in India and emphasized the need for continuously nurturing them.
It is, therefore, only fitting that today we join together to dedicate the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant Unit-1 to the strength and vigour of our friendship and cooperation.
Creating an Equitable World: by providing equality of opportunity to all, particularly through gender equality; 9.
Industry’s contribution to economic growth and development was also discussed.
The legal profession is also opening up to the promises of the digital world.
It is a land bridge that connects India with South East Asia.
Just as thepoitiveindia.com is doing great work in spreading positivity and infusing more sensitivity into society.
He explained how schemes and initiatives of the Government such as Bharatmala, Sagarmala, Mudra, Standup India, and Ayushman Bharat are designed to meet various needs of the country.
Therefore, this bogus system has now been uprooted.
Dr. Thein Win, Director General, Department of Higher Education
The financing of Bhopal Metro Rail Project will be partly from GoI and GoMP on equal equity basis and partly as loan from European Investment Bank (EIB).
“We salute the valour of those who were martyred during the dastardly attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
We have always believed in nurturing and nourishing not in exploiting.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
Under AMRUT scheme, PM laid the foundation Stone of Jhansi City Drinking Water Scheme Phase-II.
As you all know, GST is the biggest tax reform in the Indian economy.
Benefits from the Scheme:
The Prime Minister said that the vision of “New India” will be enhanced through the “New Momentum” in relations between India and Spain.
It should be our constant endeavor that our women also get equal rights and equal opportunities just like men get so that they can proceed simultaneously on the path of progress.
In our path of sustained high growth and all around development, India counts Israel among its important partners.
With its position high in the sky, this symbol of South Asian cooperation would meet the aspirations of economic progress of more than one-and-a-half billion people in our region.
He also mentioned that sports helps in developing personality, building confidence, and in overall development.
He briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship as follow-up to the Prime Minister’s visit to France in June 2017.
“My prayers are with all those people who are affected due to adverse weather conditions caused by #CycloneVardah.
The Cabinet also allowed assigning of additional charge of two circles to two existing Commissioners of Railway safety (CRSs) who will exercise their powers within their existing jurisdiction.
But then, I just could not miss out on the first time this was happening in India.
He was briefed on various aspects of the Command and Control Centre.
And, who can explain this in a better way than Mahatma Gandhi?
He emphasized that corruption has adversely impacted the aspirations of the poor and the middle class.
Vice-President Shri Hamid Ansari, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, Union Ministers Shri Rajnath Singh, Shri Arun Jaitely, Shri Ramvilas Paswan, Shri Anant Geete, Shri Sadananda Gowda, Smt.Smriti Irani besides other ministers and dignitaries attended the swearing in ceremony in the Durbar Hall of Rashtrapati Bhawan.
The Prime Minister said the country is progressing rapidly today, and firm decisions are being taken in the interest of the nation.
Prime Minister returns to New Delhi after the day long visit to the three NE States.
He said this would eliminate middlemen, and result in savings for the government.
The turnaround of DISCOMs is made possible through (i) Improving operational efficiencies of DISCOMs, (ii) Reduction in the cost of power, (iii) Reduction in interest cost of DISCOMs through States taking over 75% of the DISCOM debt, as on 30th September, 2015 over two years, and the rest being re-priced through bonds and loans at lower interest rates, (iv) Enforcing financial discipline on DISCOMs through alignment with State finances.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of vital infrastructure projects in the road, railway, power, coal and mining sectors, spread over several states including Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Bihar, Odisha, and Uttarakhand.
For this, we are already shaping a policy framework that strengthens India’s ability to build trade, manufacturing, innovation and investment partnerships with other countries in the world.
The digital world we live in today is based on the binary system.
I request those who have not been to their villages for a long time to now visit their village and see.
Museums dedicated to the 1857 War of Independence and the JallianwalaBagh massacre also form part of the complex.
We have been relentlessly striving to have discussions on different issues.
Funds received through issue of bonds will be used exclusively for capital expenditure to improve infrastructure funding.
The capabilities of this satellite and other space-based technologies can support the full disaster risk management cycle – risk assessment, risk mitigation, preparedness, response and recovery.
You have, during your deliberations today, also talked about the key points of his address.
These Orders have been amended from time to time by Acts of Parliament enacted as per Article 341(2) of the Constitution between 1956 and 2016.
Centre is in constant touch with the state governments and the situation is being closely monitored.
1.4.2004 to make available additional resources for basic education/elementary education to augment the existing budgetary resources.
He stressed upon the need to bring in global expertise in the field of disaster management.
We will do everything possible for the development of AP:
The presence of political and business leaders from more than 100 countries, and a large number of organisations from around the world make this a truly global event.
He laid the Foundation Stone of a 4-lane bridge over the River Ganga, and a multi-modal terminal.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and South Africa to establish cooperation in Grassroots Innovation.
I thank you, Excellency, once again for hosting me in Geneva.
TCIL, a premier telecommunications consultancy and engineering company, with a strong base in Telecommunications & Information Technology, was incorporated in 1978 by Government of India with following objectives :-
The Participants will each nominate a coordinator for the purpose of coordinating cooperative activities under this MoU.
Ahmedabad Shopping Festival – yet another major attraction, begins today
So it would be correct to say that pollutants in such a large quantity are being stopped from getting into the river.
Once complete, this will be a major repair and maintenance facility for rail coaches in the northern region.
The proposed MoU will pave way for facilitation and promotion of maritime transport, simplification of customs and other formalities, wherever possible, observed in Ports and facilitation of the use of existing installations for the disposal of waste.
Rajani has won a gold medal at the Junior Women’s Boxing Championship.
Noting that Rajasthan completes 70 years next year, the Prime Minister gave a call to reaffirm the commitment of creating a developed Rajasthan, which will play a pivotal role in the building of a New India.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
For example, in order to illustrate the significance of the Guru in one’s life, it has been said
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the members shared their experiences and success stories associated with Self Help Groups.
Earlier this month, the ASEAN-India Pravasi Bharatiya Divas in Singapore recognised their contribution in forging closer ties between us.
The idea is to expand the engagement of overseas investors in the Indian economy.
The policy also advocates financial and non-incentives for encouraging the private sector participation.
And that measure is your level of environment consciousness.
Brothers and sisters, you are from this field.
At the onset, I apologise for the delay.
Today our monetary policy, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs.
According to the Treaty, India got the full rights for utilization of waters of the three Eastern Rivers namely Ravi, Beas and Satluj.
After summer, the advent of first rain brings in a fresh new smell into the soil.
And most important of all, the trust of customers for the traders is increasing.
But, we do not want to take short cuts.
His decision making ability infused in him the strength to overcome all obstacles.
Since then, with the approval of the Cabinet, the MoU with the Institute has been renewed from time to time by signing Supplementary Addenda.
My dear countrymen, after the festivity of Diwali, now join the nation and extend your hand in this Imandaari ka Utsav, this Pramanikta ka Parv, this celebration of integrity, this festival of credibility.
And today, she demands to know when he will go out.
But, as we all know, it has not been without burden on our environment.
He said that the law which provides relief to Muslim women from triple talaq, is also part of this series of steps taken to ensure basic rights for people.
Strategic
ii. The 5/20 rule for commencement of international flight in operation since 2004 is replaced by a formulation which provides a level playing field and allows airlines, both new and old, to commence international operations provided they continue to meet some obligation for domestic operation.
The Prime Minister recalled how lack of infrastructure, led to difficulties and challenges for the people of Beyt Dwarka, some years ago.
• Develop its industry and infrastructure;
36. We firmly believe that those responsible for committing, organising, or supporting terrorist acts must be held accountable.
It can be terminated by either Party after giving six months’ prior notice in writing to the other Party.
He has been making toys from garbage for over four decades so that children can increase their curiosity towards science.
In this context, he also mentioned the LPG and petroleum projects launched today.
I, on behalf of all countrymen, pay my homage to Baba Saheb who gave the right to live with dignity to crores of Indians.
We are proud of the accomplishments of the girl child in various fields”, the Prime Minister said.
Today, we had a comprehensive and meaningful discussion on bilateral, regional and global issues.
Shri Narendra Modi congratulated Ma.
In fact, protection of our environment is the prime driver for India to shape an International Solar Alliance.
This will induce FDI and spurt economic activities.
That is also an area of concern.
I believe that today’s new generation is capable of eliminating these social evils.
Our ties are nurtured by the fountain of goodwill and mutual admiration that our two peoples have for one another.
It would help in developing prolific hybrid silkworms, which would improve the manufacturing capacity and the quality standards of the Indian sericulture industry and thereby enhance exports of silk and silk products.
With these changes and reforms, transformation is happening in the way our economy has moved.
The Prime Minister highlighted various possibilities for investment in India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an interactive session with over 40 economists and other experts, organized by NITI Aayog, on the theme “Economic Policy – The Road Ahead.”
The Prime Minister exhorted the officers to improve their work-culture, to incorporate both a “sense of urgency”, and “measurability”, in their performance.
The essential components include world class labs for Powertrain, Passive Safety Tests l (including crash tests), Tracks for proving technology (including the High Speed Track at Indore), fatigue and certification, Electro-magnetic Compatibility tests, Noise Vibration & Harshness tests, CAD & CME and Infotronics.
Speaking in the Upper House, shortly after the election, the Prime Minister also expressed happiness that the Leader of the House, Shri Arun Jaitley, is back in the House, after recovering from illness.
I will also meet top CEOs of Spanish industry and encourage them to partner with us in our ‘Make in India’ Initiative.
But my vision for Gift City is larger.
33. The Sides expressed interest in the development of mutually beneficial cooperation in the Arctic, inter alia in the sphere of joint scientific research.
Together we will build such an India where nobody will compromise with corruption and nepotism.
Friends, a new chapter begins after that.
In infrastructure and connectivity,transport and energy,we are poised to scale up our cooperation.
This would ensure power to more areas.
If we sit together, we will have the collective force to convert ideas into action.
It is our duty to fulfil Mahatma Gandhi’s dream of a Swachh Bharat, he said.
We should take pride in the fact that after the independence of the country the NCC act was enacted before the enactment of rules and regulation for the armed forces.
The Government of India has taken a very important decision.
Subjects such as specialization and training, intelligence, law and order, cyber crime, radicalization, and the use of technology in policing, came up for discussion during the interaction.
Today, you can see Ganesh pandals in almost every street of various cities.
Both leaders noted that in a multipolar world, and at a time of global uncertainty, India-China relations are a factor of stability, and it is important for both countries to work together.
100. Emphasising the role played by women in promoting inclusive development, we note the work being done to consider the establishment of the BRICS Women’s Forum and the BRICS Women’s Business Alliance.
Your surroundings too must be full of such inspiring happenings.
PM will also digitally launch various projects under RashtriyaUchchatarShikshaAbhiyan (RUSA).
He also praised Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) Kochi for playing a critical role in popularizing clean fuels among masses in Kerala and neighbouring states over the past 50 years.
The MoS (I/C) for Youth Affairs and Sports, Shri Vijay Goel; and the President of the All India Football Federation, Shri Praful Patel, were present on the occasion.
Ministry of Home Affairs has asked the states that they must take all necessary measures to prevent such incidents.
The Prime Minister said that the Government of India is taking steps towards the empowerment of fishermen.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved MoU between India and Mauritius on Consumer Protection and Legal Metrology
Through PRAGATI, we are accelerating projects and overcoming this problem.
Gardens and orchards sport a verdant green.
“Housing for all” or the “House for everyone” scheme involves geo-tagging of about 40 lakh homes spread over 23 states.
The program of cultural exchanges between the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation and the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of India for 2017-2019.
Luckily I got another chance to celebrate Deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel.
Financial support to trainees will be given in the form of travel allowance, boarding and lodging costs.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
50 health and wellness centers in Arunachal Pradesh will be inaugurated by PM .
The Government’s decision has several gains for farmers, traders, labourers, who are the economic backbone of our nation.
Myanmar welcomed India’s participation in its energy sector both in exploration and production and invited Indian companies to participate in tenders for petrochemicals and petroleum products, marketing infrastructure and setting up of LPG terminals.
“Today people across India are celebrating various festivals.
It is aimed at harnessing the power of sun as a permanent renewable source of energy.
The beneficiary should be in position to construct an animal shed or willing to join others in community to construct a communal cow shed to be jointly used with the rest.
Giving examples such as Financial Inclusion (Jan Dhan Yojana) and Universal Immunization (Mission Indradhanush), the Prime Minister said the some of the best results in the last three years had been achieved when the entire Government machinery worked in unison, as a team.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, beneficiaries of various Digital India schemes explained how the schemes have played an important role in transforming their lives.
They welcomed the growing convergence on contemporary global issues and agreed to enhance India-EU cooperation in all multilateral fora.
The Prime Minister also inaugurated 12 Post Office Passport Seva Kendras in the state.
The Prime Minister called for greater emphasis on ethanol blending, and evolution of mechanisms so that farmers can benefit the most from this process.
On 10% reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister has said that this is a step in the right direction.
Now after RERA, only registered developers can seek bookings only after getting all the required permissions.
He was also the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on fundamental rights, minorities and tribals.
They do not labour for any honor, but their work inspires us.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Revalidation of permission to raise Extra Budgetary Resource (EBRs) of Rs. 660 crore as Government of India Bonds by Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI) in 2017-18.
Yoga is about Rog Mukti (freedom from diseases) as well as Bhog Mukti (desisting from worldly greed).
It is an effort to raise the purchasing power of the middle class without increasing the fiscal deficit.
Government of India is working with the holistic approach of solving any issue rather than in fragments.
The last day of ParyushanParva is observed as Samvatsari.
The two Prime Ministers exchanged greetings on the occasion of the festival of Diwali, celebrated recently.
Making a humble beginning in 1932 with six pilots and 19 Airmen, our Air Force has emerged as one of mightiest and the bravest Air Force of the 21st century today.
He complimented GFSU for creating an international human resource pool in the fields of criminal investigation and justice delivery.
Sometimes there was a lot of despair in the country that lofty things are discussed against the corruption but nothing could be done against powerful people.
AARDO currently has 31 countries of the African – Asian Region under its fold.
What a big collective decision this must have been?
Buddha Purnima greetings to everyone”, the Prime Minister said.
I have spoken to Railway Minister, Shri Suresh Prabhu, who is personally monitoring the situation closely”.
Marks and mark-sheet serve a limited purpose.
One of them is to find resources for provision of infrastructure.
Dear young friends, today I urge you to undergo a special internship.
Under the Facility, RBI offers swaps of varying sizes in USD, Euro or INR to each SAARC member country depending on their two months import requirement and not exceeding US$ 2 billion in total.
यदिदी ह्येकार (my good friend) Prime Minister Netanyahu
He said that cleanliness should become a public movement, and we should all work towards this cause.
Top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and PMO, briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
We have launched the Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy to bring transparency and competitiveness in the sector.
Under the MoU, both sides will work towards establishing cooperation in the areas of upstream and downstream activities, capacity building, technology transfer, enhanced oil recovery and development of mature fields in India.
This has been a long-pending demand of the population living near the international border, as they have been facing the brunt of cross border firing in J&K.
Whether Junagadh, Hyderabad, Travancore, or for that matter the princely states of Rajasthan, if we are able to see a United India now, it was entirely on account of the sagacity & strategic wisdom of Sardar Patel.
The total cost likely to be incurred is Rs. 3074.12 crore (Non-Recurring: Rs.2366.48 crore and Recurring: 707.64 crore).
The Prime Minister recalled how the city of Varanasi had welcomed Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and French President Emmanuel Macron.
He will also flag off the Palace Queen Humsafar Express between Mysuru and Udaipur.
Among the projects reviewed was Nangal Dam – Talwara Railway line, which was first sanctioned in 1981-82, and has been pending since then.
We must move away from that.
These and other changes have been noticed by the global fraternity.
(d) Physically challenged/disabled convicts with 70% disability and more who have completed 50% of their actual sentence period.
Everybody is now getting connected with this Fit India Campaign.
You will see this kind of transparency will be there, fixing accountability will become so easy and we will be able to take strong steps in the direction of making a corruption free India.
It will contribute to the diversification of gas supplies for India.
Through NCC we nurture teams that work in mission mode and inspire others, he added.
• Strengthening critical Internet infrastructure in India;
Remote sensing of the earth
a. Provision of 2G+4G mobile coverage in identified uncovered areas of the State of Meghalaya; and
My dear countrymen, this year was also the 350th ‘Prakash Parv’ of Guru Gobind Singh ji.
I warmly congratulate him on his victory in the recent elections.
The Budget Session of the parliament gets under way today.
When the Doklam issue surfaced.
At the DeendayalHastkalaSankul, the Prime Minister visited the One District, One Product (ODOP) Exhibition.
x. In the budget for 2016-17, the customs duty for MRO’s has been rationalised and the procedure for clearance of goods simplified, in particular duty on tools and tool kits.
Though there is enough production, the unique features of marketing in the oil sector have pushed up the oil prices.
Friends I want to tell you about another thing today.
He will lay the Foundation Stone of the National Centre for Aging at AIIMS.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Justice Dalveer Bhandari on being re-elected to the International Court of Justice.
This project will provide a big boost to irrigation in the region, and will be greatly beneficial for the farmers of Mirzapur and Allahabad districts of Uttar Pradesh.
Our supreme objective is to protect India’s interests.
Now they shall be empowered with smartphones and digital devices to provide financial services.
It is the moral responsibility of all of you engaged in the profession of Chartered Accountancy to guide one towards righteous conduct and practice.
• Exchange and dissemination of best practices, experiences and knowledge on IP with the industry, universities, R & D organizations and Small and Medium Enterprises
India is elated at your accomplishment.”
The Prime Minister began his welcome remarks by recalling that today, 11thAugust, was the day when a young revolutionary of the freedom struggle, Shri Khudiram Bose, was hanged by the British.
India’s Northeast is on a resurgent path.
And in this century Rameshwaram will also be known for one more reason – for providing this country a diligent scientist, a motivational teacher, an intelligent thinker and a great President in the form of Abdul Kalam ji.
As we begin the centenary year of the Satyagraha, let us recall the Mahatma and resolve to follow his message of truth and goodness.
We have had two meetings.
Creating a Digital World: by bridging the digital divide within and outside our economies; 6.
This measure would be important in addressing the increasing requirements for interpretation in the backdrop of significantly enhanced high-level bilateral and multilateral engagements of the Government of India globally.
This is a historic achievement.
The BHIM-App was launched just about two to two and a half months ago, but approximately one and half crore people have downloaded it.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Sri Guru Nanak DevJi, on Guru Nanak Jayanti.
Today’s decision is yet another landmark step in the pro-active policies of the Government since its very first days for welfare of our valiant ex-servicemen, who rendered valuable service to the country.
Excellency, you are absolutely right, the relations that exist between India and Netherland are centuries old and it is also both our country’s intention to always make them deeper and closer.
the Soil Health Card Scheme to ensure the best possible yield from farmers’ fields,
Interacting with the group, the Prime Minister appreciated the group members for undertaking this initiative.
In a series of tweets, the Prime Minister also said that it is heartening to see such warmth, enthusiasm and patience of the citizens to bear this limited inconvenience for a greater good.
And, India’s medicines turned the tide on diseases that were once a threat to Africa’s future.
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister spoke of “Seva Paramo Dharma” as being an integral part of our culture.
All these have made opening a new business very easy.
We welcome the positive outcomes of the 8th BRICS Trade Ministers Meeting on cooperation on the IPR, e-commerce, trade in service, and further enhancement of cooperation in E-commerce, on standards and technical regulations, MSMEs and model e-port.
Yet, few talk about it.
An atmosphere of positivity built on a self confidence filled with hope has pervaded all over.
I bow my head before the new confidence and passion of my 125 crore countrymen and I call upon Team India to march on with this new pledge.
The MoU was signed on 3rd October, 2018 in New Delhi.
Kenya’s Wangari Maathai, the famous environmental activist, was the first African woman to win the Nobel peace prize.
The consequent growth and will pave the way for increased direct and indirect employment in the MSME sector of the country.
Asurgarh figures as an important political and commercial centre in ancient texts.
This win is even more special because it is India’s first Gold in the Asian Games-2018.
Has it ever occurred to you that whenever we discuss Dharma and Moksha, it is the saints and monks who cross our minds!
India is a youthful nation, and hence, we must harness our demographic dividend, he added.
MOU between Global Centre for Nuclear Energy Partnership (GCNEP), India, and CNEA, the Secretariat of Energy, Argentina
This also gives us motivation to further simplify our processes to become an easier place to do business.
This country will not tolerate terrorism and Maoism.
And once again assure you of our whole-hearted support.
Implementation Strategy and Targets:
Even for cargo movement to long distances, we have started working on national water-way systems.
For global peace and security and economic and social advancement of all people we accept the need of reformed multilateralism.
In a series of tweets yesterday, the Prime Minister announced the details of his two-day visit to Gujarat.
Gujarat saw devastating floods recently.
He said Kashi is emerging as an important international tourist destination.
Our vision of new India includes addressing the challenges of the future while also solving problems of the past.
They agreed to encourage regular participation in each other’s trade fairs and exhibitions and to facilitate trade promotion measures.
Both sides noted the potential cooperation in the renewable energy sector not only in investment but also in Research and Development.
This is the place where Dr. Ambedkar attained Mahaparinirvana on 6th December 1956.
These seeds must be planted this year and we will then see fruits come steadily.
Let me share with you, some of our experiences and achievements.
He added that we can learn from President Mukherjee how people from diverse political backgrounds can work together.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval for amendment to the ‘Framework on Currency Swap Arrangement for SAARC Member Countries’ to incorporate a ‘Standby Swap’ amounting to USD 400 million operated within the overall size of the Facility of USD 2 billion and build in flexibility with respect to modalities of its operation, such as period of swap, roll over, etc. after due consideration of conditions of requesting SAARC member countries and domestic requirements of India.
In 2014-15, India contributed 12.5 per cent of global growth.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
Subsequently, the Institute will provide complete set of rehabilitation services for persons with mental illness and conduct courses upto Master’s degree and M.Phil.
Despite so many hurdles, Rajani did not lose heart & went ahead with her training in boxing.
With increase in the volume of trading in securities market, and clients in the insurance sector, it is likely that the grievances will also increase.
A new temperament for Innovation, incubation and startups has come in India and Start up Abhiyan has gathered momentum, asserted the Prime Minister.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his greetings to the UN on United Nations Day.
On the 21st of this month, our Country received very sad news.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the atmosphere at Motihari today, evokes the same spirit of mass movement, that marked the Champaran Satyagraha, a century ago.
For example, this report has not taken into account the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax or GST.
I will exchange views with US think-tanks and attend a ceremony marking the return of Indian antiques.
Ever since, I had always thought of improving their situation and providing healthy kitchens to the mothers and sisters of India.
On energy, we value Kenya’s support to the International Solar Alliance, and our joint efforts to harness the energy of the sun to power our economic growth.
I will be meeting with President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other eminent dignitaries.
He also underlined the necessity of speed and efficiency in decision making.
Addressing the august gathering in Taj Palace hotel, the Prime Minister specially complimented, among others, the hawkers who distribute the newspaper every day, on this occasion.
To get 21 crore people into the network of institutional credit is one such thing that people thought was impossible.
ARNAB: Mr Prime Minister now I have two questions for you.
The entire nation saw what the eyes did today.
The amount of respect with which I engage saudi arabia, I engage Iran with the same amount of respect.
Bilal is very young age wise but is a source of inspiration for all of us who are interested in cleanliness.
The engine of growth for this government is running on two parallel tracks – one providing social infrastructure to all particularly for those who were left out;
A few months ago, I was in Sikkim and participated in a function to declare Sikkim as the first organic state in the country.
Aggrieved with the order, various Employee Associations of Hydro PSEs filed Writ Petitions in different High Courts.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Air Services Agreement (ASA) between India and Georgia.
The multipurpose ground will be used for holding various tourism festivals etc.
He said that in our existing budget calendar, the authorization of expenditure comes with the onset of the monsoon.
He said that the entire credit for nation’s food security should go to the farmers.
68. We advocate for a strong Global Financial Safety Net with an adequately resourced, quota-based International Monetary Fund (IMF) at its centre.
These included the 1600 MW Thermal Power station of NTPC at Ramagundam; revival of a Fertilizer Plant at Ramagundam; Kaloji Narayana Rao University of Health Sciences, Warangal; and Manoharabad-Kothapalli Railway line.
41. We agree that the conflicts elsewhere in the Middle East and North Africa should not be used to delay resolution of long-standing conflicts, in particular the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
We must never forget that successive generations performed the duties required of them, towards society, and the nation.
The MoU would lead to development of joint activity in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
Come, let us pledge to come together to wipe out these evil customs from our social fabric… let us build an empowered, capable New India.
The two leaders discussed issues of mutual interest, including bilateral counter-terrorism cooperation.
We believe there is vast scope to combine our relative advantages, whether of capital, technology or human resources, to work for mutual benefit.
Be it a large peace process or be it to resolve a specific problem, we hope that all the stakeholders can work together in the direction to find such a solution that will ensure peace, justice and dignity for all by respecting the unity and territorial integrity of Myanmar.
We are a nation with have a bumper harvest production.” he added.
In addition, $10 billion through the Public Investment Fund and its technology partners, and other investments opportunities potentially worth $26 billion being explored.
They also discussed enhanced cooperation, regionally and globally, in pursuing shared priorities for peace, stability and combating terrorism.
GoI’s various initiatives seek to facilitate economic empowerment, self-reliance & social equality as far as Nari Shakti is concerned.
Indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces,our Army not only man-power but woman-power too is contributing equally.
This would include cost of Net Present Value (NPV) and Compensatory Afforestation (CA) which comes to Rs.607 crore and Rs.43 crore respectively.
The Prime Minister said that thought-leaders and visionaries have shaped the direction of our country, at different points in time.
In the last session it was our effort and the nation had high hopes that there won’t be any politics on crucial issues like Triple talaq so that the Muslim women will get their rights.
Thereafter, I had visited Japan in 2016 for the Annual Summit.
He said that hard work and talent are the determinants of success.
He presented two Indian rice seed varieties to the IRRI gene bank.
Amma has pledged to contribute one hundred crore rupees towards sanitation efforts in Kerala.
LETTER OF INTENT between Sports Authority of India and University of Tsukuba, Japan
“I will be visiting Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore on 29 May – 2 June 2018.
If you will have faith in these things, then marks will automatically follow you and you will never have to chase marks!
Mr. You Young Min, Minister of Science and ICT, RoK
We both are democratic countries filled with diversities.
The MoU aims to develop bilateral cooperation in the field of Animal Husbandly and Dairying for the purpose of broadening the existing knowledge base on dairy development and institutional strengthening.
Most of the grievances are related to issues of poor service quality, connectivity and non-functioning of landline connections.
Countries are expected to take ownership and establish a national framework for achieving these Goals.
We are also bound by a common belief in democratic values and traditions.
Promoting value-added exports
• Agreement on the Facilitation of Visa Arrangements
Conferences and Exhibitions are vital links to connect local manufacturers with global buyers and to serve as a platform for exchange of business ideas.
This type of thinking has afflicted our politics, our administration and our society like an infestation of termites.
In a similar way, he said India has made sub-optimal use so far of its vast coastline.
India and Indonesia enjoy strong and friendly ties and share deep historical and civilizational linkages.
India and Russia regard the establishment of the multi-polar global order in international relations as a reflection of natural and inevitable process of evolution of interstate relations in the 21st century.
But even then, old habits die hard.
The channel will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan.
And therefore we are pride of our comprehensive cooperation in the capacity building of the institutions like the executive, the legislature, election commission and press council.
Later, all countries started sending their women police units.
The girl that never born used to grow up into an adult, marry and become widow in the records of a government office and widow pension was paid to her from the government exchequer.
The first Cadre Review of the service was conducted in 1983 and the second and last Cadre Review was conducted in 1991.
Since the crop insurance under Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY) is linked to availing of crop loans, the farmers would stand to benefit from both farmer oriented initiatives of the Government, by accessing the crop loans.
I had visited the Bombay Stock Exchange in June 2013 for a book launch.
Today our Nari Shakti is assuming leadership roles.
(i) develop mutual cooperation with a view to effectively resolving the issue of illicit traffic in narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and their precursors, cooperate in drug demand reduction through prevention, awareness, education and community based programmes, treatment and rehabilitation; and
Minister of State in the Ministry of Food Processing Industries.
India has been identified as one of the top reformers.
Because, as Chris has said in his songs.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between India and Iran in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine.
To establish exchange programmes for cooperation in Human Resources Development 5.
A student preparing for the UPSC examination also asked a similar question.
The Summit welcomed the Nordic Sustainable Cities Project aimed at supporting the Smart Cities Program of the Government of India.
This reflects a compression ratio of 1:3.12 signifying that pay of a Class I officer on direct recruitment will be three times the pay of an entrant at lowest level.
The Prime Minister said that Harivansh ji is well read and has written a lot.
Maximum emphasis in this budget has been on the farmers, villages, poor, dalit and the underprivileged sections of the society.
The Prime Minister said that an era of honesty has begun in India.
It is our endeavor to see that these petro-chemicals are manufactured in India itself.
This money is being used in providing affordable medicines to those poor people who don’t have money for their treatment, who can’t afford to take a break from their work despite illness lest their children should go to bed without a meal.
• Joint Declaration of Intent on Cooperation in the field of Information & Communications Technology and Electronics.
I request TV channels also to invite such films and hold a competition.
He will pay homage at the statue of Shri Guru Ravidas.
BRICS Civil Forum (3-4 October 2016, New Delhi) 57.
This came from basic research by three Japanese scientists Akasaki, Amano and Nakamura.
Still you have a chance for a free ride.
Someone is teaching the old people; someone is involved in the campaign of cleanliness whereas someone is helping out the farmers.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Rashtriya Gramin Swaraj Abhiyan today, at a public meeting, in Mandla in Madhya Pradesh.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the scientists on National Science Day.
Currently, the Force is providing security cover to 336 Industrial Undertaking (including 59 Airports) spread all over the country.
Yet we continue our steady progress on that path.
Do send in your learning experience, do post your stories, photos and videos.
Presence of President Ramaphosa on the Republic Day and participation as the Chief Guest, is a symbol of our shared commitment to strengthen our relations.
• The age of superannuation of the three specialists sub-cadres (Teaching, Non-Teaching and Public Health), except GDMO sub cadre, was enhanced, with the approval of the Cabinet in its meeting held on 2.11.2006, from 60 to 62 years.
From the Legend of Rama to the Wisdom of Buddha our ties are founded on a shared cultural heritage.
It will be linked with other pillars of criminal justice system such as ‘prisons, forensic science laboratories and prosecution offices.
They are living testimony to the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the peoples of India and Nepal.
This will ease travel to the land of Buddha for my brothers and sisters from Sri Lanka, and help you directly visit Sravasti, Kusinagar, Sankasa, Kaushambi and Sarnath.
Implementation Strategy and Targets:
He said writing of Gazettes by officers should be made compulsory in the districts.
It gives me great joy to share with you a message from Bharat Ratna C N R Rao, our most esteemed scientist.
Mahatma Gandhi’s favourite hymn ‘Vaishnav Jan To’, went global, with artists from over 124 countries contributing musically to it.
Mr. Osvaldo Calzetta Larrieu, President of CNEA
Background
But, we are not satisfied.
This visit will nourish the historical bonds of friendship deeply rooted in people to people contacts, energy, trade and investment partnership.
Taking this as granted they went for bank deposits in the hope of getting it converted to white and valid.
The Prime Minister of Italy appreciated Indian investments in his country, including in industrial sector.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the implementation of Supreme Court’s Judgment dated 27th October 2015 regarding Target Plus Scheme (TPS) 2004-09 in Civil Application No. 554 of 2006.
He will inaugurate the collective e-grihapravesh of twenty five thousand beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri AwasYojana through video conferencing.
Shriman Rajan Bhatt has written on NarendramodiApp that he wants to know about my experience of celebrating Diwali with security forces and he also wants to know how the security forces celebrate Diwali.
With their joint efforts, Yogesh ji and Rajneesh ji have developed a SmartGaonApp by utilizing their professional skills.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the death of persons in an accident in Etah district of Uttar Pradesh.
I begin by paying homage to respected Amma, Jayalalithaa Ji.
In conclusion, I hope that the interactions in this forum will be fruitful and enriching for all.
If the BTA with Switzerland is approved as proposed, it would offer an opportunity to use the same as a model template for negotiations on the subject with other EU countries, which have been raising the issue regularly with us.
Tableus depict the issues of social concern in a very artistic manner.
Interacting with members of the NITI Aayog, the Prime Minister said the time for incremental change, that was the norm across the world for quite some time, is now over.
This time why can’t we take the soil from the bottom of ponds for our fields?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, on his birth anniversary.
This is the first time, that the Prime Minister has addressed such a gathering, at such an event.
India exports fish and fisheries products to about 95 countries.
President Rivlin and I agreed that there are several strong areas of ongoing cooperation between our countries.
It will serve the purpose of application of relevant provisions of the Constitution of India, as amended through the Constitution (Seventy Seventh Amendment) Act, 1995 and Constitution (One Hundred arid third Amendment) Act, 2019 for Jammu and Kashmir, by issuing the Constitution (Application to Jammu and Kashmir) Amendment Order, 2019 by the President under clause (1) of Article370.
The Prime Minister will attend the Madhya Pradesh Shehari Vikas Mahotsav in Indore.
In case of a fast track procedure, such award can be given in 6 months.
Try to experience something that you have neither heard before , nor seen, nor thought of and yet there is a curiosity in your mind.
Don’t worry, we shall be there with you all the time.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on cooperation in the field of justice between India and Tunisia.
And, I am confident that our discussions and the agreements that we have signed today, will help shape an action agenda and add new direction and intensity to our Strategic engagement.
Dr. Mohammad Javad Zarif, Minister of Foreign Affairs
The MoU was signed on 17th February, 2018 during the visit of the President of Iran to India.
Biofuels in India are of strategic importance as it augers well with the ongoing initiatives of the Government such as Make in India, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Skill Development and offers great opportunity to integrate with the ambitious targets of doubling of Farmers Income, Import Reduction, Employment Generation, Waste to Wealth Creation.
The number of new tax payers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
I am happy to be here in Mumbai, for the Third Annual Meeting of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.
In fisheries, India has emerged second largest country of the world.
But do return the monsoon that drenched me as a child
PM said “this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of the people of our country for the cause of freedom”.
As Prime Minister, I have attended four annual ASEAN-India Summits and East Asia Summit.
The Prime Minister said that today on one hand, the Government is trying to make the Armed Forces stronger; and on the other hand, there are those who do not want our Armed Forces to be strong.
Prime Minister Modi, President Vladimir V Putin of Russian Federation and President Xi Jinping of the People’s Republic of China, held a Trilateral Meeting in Buenos Aires today.
In Ahmedabad in Gujarat, around 55 thousand people performed Yoga together and created a new world record.
Akshaya Patra serves as an implementing partner of Mid-Day Meal Scheme.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister noted that the festival of Raksha Bandhan is approaching.
In all directions, our maritime interests are strategic and significant.
He will also the lay the foundation stone of projects like Infrastructure Development of Dhanamanjuri University, Imphal; sports facilities etc.
The leaders welcomed the new €500 million EIB loan agreement for Bangalore Metro Phase-II Project, which is part of EIBs enhanced commitment of €1.4 billion in loans to India in 2017.
He underlined the fact that the project got final sanction in January 2015 and now it has seen the light of the day.
Thank you very much..
Your contribution is deeply valued across Sri Lanka and beyond.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Minister of Foreign Affairs to India.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved to release an additional instalment of Dearness Allowance (DA) to Central Government employees and Dearness Relief (DR) to pensioners w.e.f.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding between India and Japan on Development of Advanced Model Single Window.
I was reading that young Akash Gorkha who won a silver medal in boxing had his father, Ramesh Ji working as a watchman in a complex in Pune.
In terms of specific projects, we remain focused on making strong progress on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad High Speed Rail project.
The Brahmaputra is the lifeline of Assam and the Northeast and is the source of livelihood for people in the region.
In the world we inhabit today, security and counter-terrorism cooperation is necessary if we are to secure the lives of our citizens.
It is a 13 km long 2 lane bypass, with a project cost of Rs. 352 crore.
The attention of students steers from home to hostel.
It is a warning.
In Varanasi, the Prime Minister will dedicate, or lay the foundation stone of important projects, cumulatively worth over Rs. 900 crore.
Our law is based on the UNCITRAL model law.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condoled the loss of lives due to a fire at Karol Bagh in Delhi.
If developed and promoted well, this can emerge as the biggest employer in the region.
Thank you for joining the rally in such large numbers.
After that, all of a sudden within seven days there were NSA level talks and Ajit Doval spoke to Nasir Janjua in Bangkok.
c. To advice Central and State Governments for effective implementation of the Act.
The meetings of the Working Group shall take place at least every two years, alternately in India and in Uzbekistan.
He urged people to use the Bhim App and embrace cashless transactions.
Mentioning the sporting icon Marykom, who hails from Manipur, the Prime Minister said that the North-East has a key role to play in making India a sports superpower.
Grand parents, parents and children should together perform Yoga and also upload their photos.
You please reach out to the people, enlighten them.
“As the Asian Games 2018 come to a close, I once again congratulate the Indian contingent for their excellent performance.
It is likely to increase the comfort level and boost the confidence of investors by assuring a level playing field and non-discrimination in all investment facilitation matters, thus providing conducive investment climate to investors.
India’s biggest tax reform, the GST has been introduced recently.
He said Gujarat has a long coastline, and we should harness the opportunities that arise out of this.
The draft Agreement takes care of Indian Customs’ concerns and requirements, particularly in the area of exchange of information on the correctness of the Customs value declared, the authenticity of certificates of origin of goods and the description of the goods traded between the two countries.
In this context, he also mentioned the work being done in Sarnath.
The Prime Minister said that Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan was deeply popular among youth.
Similarly, he said, the number of approved hotels in India in 2013, was about 1200, which has now risen to 1800.
Implementation strategy
• Increased conviction rate.
PM will also inaugurate/ lay foundation stone for various development projects in Haryana.
And look at how this message of oneness further manifests itself:
Friends, I have had the pleasure of interacting with renowned Scientists in the beginning of every year.
It was suggested by the Supreme Court several years ago.
I would like to draw the attention of my dear countrymen to another menace.
I would like to specially mention the arduous endeavors of the NDRF daredevils.
CA brothers, a person or a client pays taxes only when the environment around him is conducive which motivates him to pay the taxes honestly.
It gets inspiration through the teachings of Truth from Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
During the visit of Prime Minister Nguyễn Tấn Dũng to India in 2007, we signed the Strategic Partnership agreement.
Today, both of us reviewed the progress in our bilateral relations.
The Prime Minister has time and again said that the Government is committed to ensure that the menace of black money is overcome.
Department of Posts, Ministry of Communications and Viet Nara Post mutually agreed to jointly issue Postage Stamps on India-Viet Nam: Joint Issue on the theme “Ancient Architecture”.
One, Africa will be at the top of our priorities.
Nor is Yoga only what you practice in the morning.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness over the Myanmar military transport plane crash.
Yonsei University is among the most prestigious universities in South Korea.
Realising the importance of renewable energy for sustainable and low carbon-imprint growth, the two leaders hailed the initiative of International Solar Alliance and committed full cooperation to upscale solar technologies and harness the full potential of solar energy.
He said that being amongst people during the auspicious occasion of Dussehra gives him energy and renewed vigour to work for the betterment of the country.
The social democracy was the Mantra of freedom and equality for every Indian.
Our farmer brothers & sisters have written on Kisan Melas, Farmer Carnivals and activities revolving around farming, being held across the country.
I appeal to people to embrace sports.
The FMBAP Scheme will be implemented throughout the country for effective flood management, erosion control and anti-sea erosion.
I am also happy to note that the Department of Post has released a set of twenty four commemorative postage stamps on this occasion, to illustrate the diversity of Indian cuisine.
He said that this tradition has continued uninterrupted for thousands of years.
I believe that Mahatma Gandhi is still as relevant in today’s world as he was in his lifetime: Shri Narendra Modi
We have given priority to move towards a gas based economy.
An e-platform that brings together organizations and individuals and helps them map and exchange expertise, technology and resources would go a long way in maximizing our collective impact.
In a significant boost to development of infrastructure, connectivity, energy security and health care services in Bihar, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi unveiled projects worth Rs.33,000 crores in Barauni today.
The first destination of the PM will be in Guntur, in Andhra Pradesh where he will unveil several projects at Yetukar Bypass, Guntur.
He urged the members to raise awareness among the community about their rights.
Without doubt, our destinies are interlinked.
The theme for the 14th PBD was “Redefining engagement with the Indian diaspora”.
The portal, which works on the theme “Self4Society”, will enable IT professionals and organizations to bring together their efforts towards social causes, and service to society, on one platform.
And that is why we can look into your eyes, we can talk to you with a sense of satisfaction.
14. Recognizing the importance of facilitating people-to-people exchanges and travel, the leaders welcomed the new Agreement on Visa Facilitation signed today.
Will this not make every Indian feel proud.
He urged the States to come up with strategies, time bound action plans and roadmap, and a monitoring mechanism to follow up on this goal.
This year, we are going to observe the 75th Anniversary of the Quit India Movement.
Demonstration of the EQUIPMENT, and g.
7. The Sides welcomed the agreements reached in November 2017 between their concerned authorities, for cooperation on internal security, drug trafficking and disaster management, including the Joint Action Plan between the Narcotics Control Bureau, Ministry of Home Affairs of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Interior of the Russian Federation for the period of 2018-2020.
The arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
Prime Minister expressed hope that National Youth Parliament Festival platform would provide direction and shape to the energy of the youth and a better dialogue process.
We will also further expand green financing, so as to promote sustainable development in BRICS countries.
He will also address a gathering.
I am hopeful that this decision will help a lot in making our SSIs globally competitive.
Have you ever thought what changes would come in the lives of those kids who live in abject poverty when get the opportunity to play with you.
It is not like that dear friends.
Debate on the role of black money in elections has been going on for years.
b. Outreach to the Middle Income Group (MIG);
The expedition, known as the Navika Sagar Parikrama, was the first-ever Indian circumnavigation of the globe by an all-women crew.
Myanmar welcomed India’s offer to enrol two Myanmar diplomats every year for training at the Kendriya Hindi Sansthan while 150 Myanmar civil servants would undergo training in English language at Indian training institutes every year for a period of five years.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Davos.
Each newspaper and news channel has bad news for its every ‘breaking news’.
The BRICS is also committed to strengthen our consultations and cooperation on peace and security matters.
This shall also help in safeguarding human life, livestock and property.
It offers a new holistic approach to medical care, that integrates day to day treatment with research and innovation in a green environment, closely linked to nature.
Therefore, good health is a collective effort of personal well-being and environmental well-being.
The leaders welcomed trilateral cooperation with African partners, including in areas such as agriculture, health, energy, women’s empowerment and sanitation under the Statement of Guiding Principles on Triangular Cooperation for Global Development.
Unified Payment Interface-UPI has given the e-commerce industry a lot of strength.
For the past 70 years, what kind of forces are involved in this murky enterprise of perfidy and corruption?
In a world of fear, Yoga promises hope, strength and courage,” the Prime Minister added.
6. Do you think demonetisation will help in curbing black money, corruption & terrorism? a.
The aim is to work together to develop a mutually beneficial relationship in the best interest of ICAI members, students and their organizations.
He was addressing the NCC rally in New Delhi.
· We want to build homes and civic amenities in a smarter way; and
“In last 4 years 99 irrigation projects have been fast tracked to completion.
The rate of doubling electrification and laying of new tracks has shown big improvement.
India’s Department of Biotechnology (DBT) and Cancer Research UK propose to launch a £10 million bilateral research initiative which will focus on low cost approaches to cancer treatment.
Whenever the Political Parties and the Government take decisions keeping in mind the national interest, it shows their commitment towards the larger public good.
Out of the 300 researchers from 42 nations, 3 researchers at the Foundation represent India.
The matter of formulating equivalence has since been examined in detail.
The festivals of Lohri, Bihu, MakarSankranti, and Pongal celebrate the splendour of India’s diversity and unity.
He encouraged the children to ensure that this award does not become the end of their life’s purpose, and added that this award should only mark the beginning for them.
The pipeline, built with enhanced safety features, will ensure safe and reliable supply of crude oil, and will cater to the needs of Tamil Nadu and neighbouring states.
Be they farmers, traders, small entrepreneurs, professionals, housewives, students – all are enthusiastically participating and also getting benefits from it.
The cooperation is achieved through exchange of information on developments in areas of railways technology & operations, knowledge sharing, technical visits, training & seminars and workshops in areas of mutual interest.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need for development, especially the need for progress of the weaker and marginalized sections of society.
v. Supporting sending organisations to provide pre-lectures about elderly care for technical intern training programmes of care workers through sending out certificated care workers from Japan and providing a curriculum and textbooks so as to provide trained care-givers to Japan.
The Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill, 2017 seeks to give comfort to the consumers of financial service providers in financial distress.
He addressed a large gathering at the conclusion of “Namaami Narmade – Narmada Seva Yatra,” at Amarkantak in Madhya Pradesh.
In maintainingrespect for healthy democratic traditions, the next episode of ‘Mann KiBaat’ will be broadcast on the last Sunday of the month of May.
The process is not yet complete.
With a flyover at Harhua and an ROB at Tarna, the road will reduce the travel time from Varanasi to the airport.
I also congratulate the administrators there for making an excellent beginning by turning one block in the state of Jammu and Kashmir open defecation free.
There is no financial implication involved with signing of the MoU.
According to Shri Kedilaya, he had embarked on the Bharat Parikrama Yatra on 9th August 2012 from Kanyakumari and completed the journey at Kanyakumari on 9th July this year.
That too echoed the same sentiment, and we believe that we should be ever grateful to those policemen & police women, who relentlessly ensure our safety & security.
For one reason or another, we have confined ourselves into isolation.
10% reservation for economically weaker sections made applicable in J&K also.
He said the key decision making team of the Government has listened carefully to the presentations, and will surely benefit in their policy-making, from the 360 degree view of issues that have been presented.
The city of Surat is blessed with remarkable determination.
• The project will supplement Government’s vision of “less cash” economy and at the same time promote both economic growth and financial inclusion.
12. Both leaders agreed to promote cooperation in cyber security, including prevention of use of cyber space for terrorism, radicalization and for disturbing social harmony.
And, the result of this whole exercise is that the government has started realizing the sensitivities and powerful ideas of the people of far off places.
Inaugurating IREP Complex PM said, “Today is a historic day when the largest industrial unit of Kerala is entering its next phase of development.
We have simplified rules and regulations for businesses and undertaken bold reforms.
For this purpose, the Parties undertake to cooperate through the following actions:
All sorts of things come to me.
The NM-ICPS is a comprehensive Mission which would address technology development, application development, human resource development & skill enhancement, entrepreneurship and start-up development in CPS and associated technologies.
In this series of festivals, Eid-ul-Zuha will be celebrated in a few days from now.
They motivate every youngster to do something good for the nation, he added.
The Agreement will stimulate the flow of exchange of information between India and Samoa for tax purposes which will help curb tax evasion and tax avoidance.
PM MODI: There are two things.
The Prime Minister congratulated Mr. Bimalendra Nidhi on assuming office as the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Home Affairs of Nepal.
The Prime Minister applauded the State Government for reaching people, especially those in the rural areas of the State in the last one year, through its schemes.
That is why, he added, India is well aware of the challenges such as sea-borne terrorism, piracy, and drug trafficking, that not just India, but other nations in the region also have to face.
The Prime Minister said that the efforts of the Government have led to India emerging as a bright spot in the global economy.
The selection of youth for participation in youth exchange and other programmes shall be done in an objective and transparent manner and the outcomes of the programmes under the MoUs shall be open for public scrutiny.
He said tests make a person stronger, and one should not abhor them.
Chandrashekhar Azad put his life on the stake, but he never bowed in front of the foreign rule.
As you know, my government is very keen to encourage start-ups.
He said the change in work culture in the Union Government is strengthening the energy sector.
Over the last two and a half years, we have also evolved a culture of healthy competition among states.
I would like to conclude here with Korean expression:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the beginning of holy month of Ramzan.
Prime Minister recalled his own productive visit to Seychelles in March 2015 that helped both countries further deepen cooperation.
Private venture capital into the defence sector, especially for start-ups will also be encouraged.
The Cabinet also decided to provide for adequate funds for meeting the recurring and non-recurring expenses of the GST Council Secretariat, the entire cost for which shall be borne by the Central Government.
In the ports sector, under the Sagarmala project, 415 projects have been identified with investment of Rs. 8 lakh crore, and projects worth 1.37 lakh crore rupees have been taken up for implementation.
These units will act as anchor customer to Jagdishpur-Haldia Pipeline (JHPL) gas pipeline being laid for development of critical infrastructure in Eastern India.
Delighted that Heena Sidhu won the Silver in the women’s 10m Air Pistol event.
It is the third largest in terms of purchasing power parity.
Your visit allows us to impart vigour and momentum to our Strategic Partnership.
He said Adi Shankaracharya removed evils from the society, and prevented them from reaching future generations.
To err is human.
Cabinet approves revival of defunct Fertilizer Units in Gorakhpur, Sindri and Barauni
He said India today is a young country, and it should develop both spiritually and materially.
Since the government is almost the only buyer in India, you also need the government to grant an order.
*and Stitch a stable and prosperous future for its people.
The Prime Minister congratulated Ms. Patel on her appointment as Secretary of State for International Development.
It will remain in force for a period of five years.
The nature of our developing economies demands that our engagement should also focus on improving our human capital.
And it aims to build an enabling environment for the dishonest to return to the path of goodness.
These guidelines are very important with regard to Sustainable Consumption, E-Commerce and Financial Services in developing countries.
“Hearty congratulations to our defence scientists for the successful demonstration of ballistic missile defence capability.
The Prime Minister praised the Vice President for his oratory and his way with words, be it English or Telugu.
The Prime Minister emphasized that the first principle of the cooperative movement is to unite everyone, even while remaining anonymous.
He called for emphasis on value addition of crops.
When we talk of new India then that new India will be free from the poison of casteism, communalism, terrorism and corruption; free from filth and poverty.
Neem coating of urea helped farmers and stopped corruption as well as theft, the Prime Minister said.
On Thursday, I had the privilege to host the ASEAN leaders for the Commemorative Summit to mark 25 years of ASEAN-India Partnership.
The MoU will enable both the countries to collaborate in the following areas:
29. Government is continuity and if there are good points in the works done by them, we, with bowed heads will continue that work.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need to study various models of road development across the country, and adopt the best practices, so that more private investment can be brought into the highway construction sector.
You represent thousands of years of the shared culture and civilization, geography and history, aspirations and achievements of the great sons and daughters of India and Myanmar.
20. Looking to the future let me outline what I see as the path we will follow in the coming years.
All leading agencies such as IMF, World Bank, and ADB are estimating India to grow at 7 to 8 percent in the near future.
This will provide the older population with multi-speciality healthcare.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the 8th International Convention of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Samaj through video conference.
· Increased economic activities would have the employment generating potential.
A Zen Buddhist saying in Japanese says – “Ichigo Ichie” , which means that our every meeting is unique and we must treasure every moment.
It has contributed a great deal in fostering better relations with many countries of the world.
Income of businesses with turnover of up to Rs 2 crores was calculated at 8% of the turnover.
Our efforts for a vibrant maritime sector are inspired by Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar.
I am sure, the deliberations here shall help in further strengthening Arbitration in India and set a milestone in positioning India as a global hub for arbitration amongst international practitioners, corporate houses and the legal fraternity.
He thanked the Chairman and all the members, for the smooth conduct of the election.
Even people have started exchanging Khadi items as gifts.
First edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit was held in 2003 under the guidance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi who was then the Chief Minister of Gujarat, to give a spur to the investments in Gujarat.
My friends,
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for extending the validity of the existing Central Order dated 27.10.2016 in respect of sugar for a further period of six months from 29.04.2017 to 28.10.2017.
Besides, Start-ups need access to funds through various stages of their life cycle, viz. early stage, seed stage and growth stage.
Today, the entire world is looking at our achievement with pride.
Our country is undoubtedly progressing fast in its space missions.
This is further projected to increase to 6.90 million in 2021 and 7.73 million in 2031.
Appreciating the media for its positive role, the Prime Minister said that if there is someone who has furthered the cause of cleanliness more than me, it is the media.
The time has come to focus on the outcome of it.
This practice that you have started builds on a long tradition of making the teachings of the scriptures, the words of great gurus available to the common people.
The Government is committed to the development of Self Help Groups, particularly Women Self Help Groups.
Our brave soldiers have laid down their lives.
There are no additional financial implications involved.
In that visit, Prime Minister Netanyahu and I promised each other and our people to build a strategic partnership: of hope and trust and progress of diverse and cutting-edge cooperation, and of joint endeavours and shared successes Such a promise flows as much from the natural affinity and friendship that have linked us for centuries as it does from the compelling win-win case for engagement in almost all spheres .
In this regard, experience sharing is very important, he added.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on subjects such as women entrepreneurship, and women empowerment.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on cooperation in the textiles, clothing and fashion sectors between the Ministry of Textiles and the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Australia.
The Ministry has taken many initiatives for promotion of Ayurveda in Germany with the recommendation and cooperation of the Indian Embassy in Berlin.
I am sure, if great sons of India like Jayaprakash Narayan, Lal Bahadur Shastri, Ram Manohar Lohia, and Kamaraj had been present today, they would have applauded the patience, discipline and resolve of our countrymen.
ARNAB: Is it the problem of mindset with China?
In our path of sustained high growth, and all around development, India counts Israel among its important partners, the Prime Minister said.
The farmers’ crisis Mr Prime Minster is a reality.
22. Just at 3 hour distance from Delhi is a village in Hathras, that took 70 years to get electricity.
Under the Scheme, the following incentives shall be provided to new industrial units set up in the North Eastern States including Sikkim:
Many of the labs are already operational.
Our tribal brethren worship trees and plants and flowers like gods and goddesses.
For encouraging the development of Micro and Small enterprises in the defence sector, the Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises– which was notified in 2012 – has been made mandatory from April 2015.
4. Sexual and Reproductive Health (Malawi & Malaysia) and;
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards installation of solar pumps across the country.
We won’t have have a system which takes away the right of änyone.”.
But I am quite convinced that given time and circumstance nothing in the world will be able to prevent this country from becoming united.
Followers of Lord Budha across the world celebrate the festival.
Shri Narendra Modi said that India’s security is our priority, and the surgical strike had underscored this.
My dear countrymen, on the 5th of June, our nation, India will officially host the World Environment Day Celebrations.
This became headline in newspapers.
I was very happy to hear that people not only listen to ‘Mann KI Baat’ but also remember it on many occasions.
1. Approval for Extension of Delhi Metro corridor from Noida City Centre to Sector-62, Noida, Uttar Pradesh covering a length of 6.675 k.m.
The first half of session of this session was very productive.
Government of India is making a modest contribution to the Foundation to support its noble humanitarian activities.
This fight against corruption, this fight against black money is aimed at making the future of the youth of my country.
CEO, DMICDC will also function as Member Secretary/ CEO of the NICDIT.
It is indeed a proud moment not just for God’s Own Country, but also for the entire nation”.
The SPR facility at Padur is an underground rock cavern with a total capacity of 2.5 million metric tonnes (MMT) having four compartments of 0.625 MMT each.
Growth is projected to remain among the highest in the world.
Tajikistan is a valued friend and strategic partner in Asia.
They, by their diligence, are powering positive changes in the lives of others in myriad ways.
Therefore, he added, they inspire other children, and often engender a sense of self-confidence among other children.
My dear countrymen, a spectrum of many festivals would dawn upon us in the next few days- Bhagwan Mahavir Jayanti, Hanuman Jayanti, Easter and the Baisakhi.
The Terms of Reference will formalize the conditions of the engagement of the designated Indian Expert to provide tax assistance to Eswatini under the TIWB Programme.
Agartala Sabroom National Highway, Humsafar Express, Agartala Deoghar Express, New Terminal at Agartala are part of this model.
The Russian Side positively evaluated the Indian participation in the Army Games 2018, Army 2018 and Moscow Conference on International Security.
These include:
The Prime Minister will also address the gathering.
Districts
The Prime Minister will join thousands of volunteers, performing Yoga asanas in the lawns of Forest Research Institute, Dehradun, located in the lap of the Himalayas.
The Prime Minister said that on the economic front, in the last three to four years, India has lent strength to global economic growth as well.
Livestock improvement, dairy development, animal health and other fields as mutually agreed upon fall within the scope of this MoU.
Most of the sectors of our economy are now only open for FDI.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate or lay foundation stone of various development projects in Jhansi.
I pray that those injured recover quickly”, the Prime Minister said.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Gaganyaan Programme with demonstration of Indian Human Spaceflight capability to low earth orbit for a mission duration ranging from one orbital period to a maximum of seven days.
While agreeing to ratify the Paris Agreement, the Cabinet has also decided that India should declare that India will treat its national laws, its development agenda, availability of means of implementation, its assessment of global commitment to combating climate change, and predictable and affordable access to cleaner source of energy as the context in which the Agreement is being ratified.
This success makes every Indian swell with pride.
He said the Ardh-Kumbh would show how ‘New India’ encompasses both heritage and modernity.
To exchange visits of Tour Operators / Media / Opinion Makers for promotion of two-way tourism 7.
Describing this day as one of “rededication,” the Prime Minister said that civil servants are well aware of their strengths and capabilities, challenges and responsibilities.
Jobs will also be created for ancillary activities including call centres, research and evaluation and IEC activities.
It touched my heart.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for transfer of land belonging to the Indian Institute of Soil & Water Conservation (IISWC) Research Centre at Chandigarh to the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) for construction of 60 meters Peripheral Master Road in Mansa Devi Complex (MDC), Panchkula in the following manner-
When UP develops, India develops.
He fought to be afloat without food or drink.
Even you would be aware that how many administrative and financial steps are needed to be taken by the government for construction of highways.
The Qatari side thanked India for its high-level participation, along with an indigenously designed and built guided missile frigate of the Indian Navy during DIMDEX in March 2016, and the regular goodwill visits of the ships of Indian Navy and Coast Guard.
PM said, “Best wishes to the people of Maharashtra on their Statehood Day.
The Institution of Income-Tax Ombudsman was created in the year 2003 to deal with grievances of public related to settlement of complaints relating to Income Tax.
When Param Veer gallantry award winner Albert Ekka attained martyrdom for the country then a news was published in a newspaper that his wife was leading a life of penury and deprivation.
PM will also inaugurate New Complex of Tripura Institute of Technology at Narsingarh.
In addition, pre-Authorisation of treatments with moral hazards (Potential of misuse) will be made mandatory.
But our journey shall continue.
They look forward to the second annual Strategic and Commercial Dialogue in India later this year to identify concrete steps in this regard.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the establishment of the International Rice Research Institute (IRRI), South Asia Regional Center (ISARC) at campus of National Seed Research and Training Center (NSRTC) in Varanasi.
Our respectful tributes to Indira ji too.
He said enterprise and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century.
In the evening, take your football or your volleyball or any other sports item and go to a colony of poor and lesser privileged people.
Even the smallest of your suggestions help me in thinking anew on a wide variety of subjects.
But we need to present this in modern language and integrate with modern arguments.
b) To exchange expertise, publications, information/data and statistics related to tourism.
Shalya was charioteer of Karna.
It was the first country I visited outside Asia after assuming office.
He said this pace of development will transform the North-East.
Developing countries have been given a longer time to implement these rules.
Indian Cricket team’s off-spin bowler R. Ashwin has been declared ‘Cricketer of the Year’ as well as ‘Best Test Cricketer’ by the ICC for the year 2016.
Funds for these schemes would be allocated to States by the Ministry of Finance as a lump sum.
This led to generation of investment intent worth more than Rs. 4.28 lakh crore across sectors like Renewable Energy, Infrastructure, Power, IT & Electronic Manufacturing, Tourism etc.
He described in great detail the Gram Swaraj Abhiyan.
The Prime Minister will dedicate the Garjanbahal coal mines, and the Jharsuguda-Barapali-Sardega rail link to the nation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to Bhagwan Birsa Munda, on his birth anniversary.
We will reap its benefits this monsoon.
The Prime Minister said, ” Saluting the indomitable spirit, determination & dedication of Nari Shakti on International Women’s Day.
58. We shall build together an India, where the poor will have concrete houses with water and electricity connection.
That’s why the state government has been provided every help for the development of basic facilities.
Mentioning the recently concluded Kumbh Mela in Prayagraj, the Prime Minister said that this time, it has been the subject of discussion, because of the high standards of cleanliness and sanitation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Imphal today.
We are in the 21st Century.
The MoC will enable establishment and promotion of closer and long-term cooperation between India and Japan in the field of environment protection and management of natural resources on the basis of equity, reciprocity and mutual benefits, taking into account the applicable laws and legal provisions in each country.
May it be Mannarkovil, Chiran Mahadevi, Kovilpatti or Pudukottai – you will get to see massive stone inscriptions to this effect.
Therefore, Brothers and sisters, I have waged a big war against corruption and black money.
We believe that connectivity must be strengthened It should be based on dialogue and consent of all parties concerned with due respect to sovereignty.
A retired teacher with a pension of Rs 16000, donates Rs 5000 every month for Swachh Abhiyaan.
There are more than 60 lakh volunteers associated with the platform, giving ideas, suggestions and doing various volunteer activities, playing a huge role in building of a New India, Shri Modi said.
Let us take the example of Mr. Sachin Tendulkar.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Telangana on their Statehood Day.
Prime Minister Modi called upon the BIMSTEC Member States to come together to counter common security threats, such as terrorism; extremism and radicalization; drugs, arms and human trafficking; and natural disasters.
And yet the responsibilities towards the country are not getting fulfilled; it is a matter of grave concern.
In the manufacturing sector, the Prime Minister mentioned medical device and defence equipment manufacturing as key areas for foreign investment.
Series of meetings were held bilaterally as well as at Govt. of India level.
We have learnt from your knowledge and benefited from your innovative products.
Shri Balramji Dass Tandon spent decades working for peace and progress in Punjab.
The policy aims to
All local bodies have been given this facility and they have been urged to carry on with this work continuously and clean all the garbage from the river.
The MoU would lead to establishment of joint team, drawing members from ISRO and CSA, which will further work out the plan of action including examination and defining cooperative projects and the time-frame.
On some issues, it’s a question of principles for them.
As part of this policy, it is our mission to upgrade the infrastructure in Road, Rail, Telecom, Power and Waterways in the region.
The institute will also conduct research on prevalent regional diseases and other health issues and provide for better control and cure of such diseases.
Many, many thanks.
The Prime Minister said that India does not lack in ideas, resources and capabilities, but certain States and regions have lagged behind due to a governance deficit.
v) Hospital twinning for exchange of good practices;
ii. Funding of 100% of the remaining cost of the irrigation component only of the Polavaram project for the period starting from 1.4.2014, to the extent of the cost of the irrigation component on that date.
He was accompanied by the Chief Minister of Gujarat, Vijay Rupani and other dignitaries.
It will also enable assistance in collection of tax revenue claims between both countries.
The recommendations of the 14thFinance Commission are valid upto the financial year 2019-20.
A defeat is not the end, in fact it is only the beginning to rise up again and achieve the desired results.
He said that Dibrugarh is an important centre of healthcare, education and commerce in the region, and the people living north of the Brahmaputra, can now access this city, more conveniently.
ARNAB: Why so?
20. The Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Salman Bin Abdulaziz lauded the strong growth shown by Indian economy and expressed appreciation for Prime Minister Modi’s remarkable vision for the future of the country.
Through this initiative, we are committed to transform India as a major player in the global value chain.
In this world of growing opportunities and complex challenges, you would inherit its tomorrow.
“Hello, this is Viswanathan Anand.
I expect that no village in the country, including the North Eastern States, will be left without electricity by 2018.
He saw a vital place for youngsters in the realm of nation building.
“Delighted on the successful maiden test firing of Brahmos ALCM from Su-30MKI.
He said the implementation of this outreach programme will be intensively monitored over the next 100 days.
Our commitment to peace is just as strong as our commitment to protect our people and our territory.
The new dawn of the New Year, comes with the resolve of new success.
The development of inland waterways has been given a boost.
21. The two sides welcomed the signing of MoU for Cooperation in the field of Housing and encouraged Indian companies to participate in the housing projects in Saudi Arabia.
Presently, Phase-I of both the projects are under construction.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without collateral.
Just look at his fortitude, resolve & perseverance.
Music and Dance, Theatre, Exhibitions, Seminars and Conference, Archeology, Archives, Library, Museums, Literature, Research and Documentation etc
There was a tendency to deprive farmers of subsidized fertilizer by diverting it for the production of chemicals.
Prime Minister Netanyahu and Prime Minister Modi will also visit the Centre of Excellence for Vegetables at Vadrad in Banaskantha district.
I will next talk a little bit about how I went to my exams and my experiences for that.
The contributions of a large Indian community in Malaysia are of special value.
Khadi is associated with the name of respected Bapu.
The Prime Minister said this was a unique opportunity for officers to deliver their utmost for the benefit of the nation.
In reality, it is not the competition with others that takes us ahead in life but it is competing with ourselves or ‘ANUSPARDHA’, which takes our life forward.
He said that in a democracy, the labourers should not have to struggle to receive their legitimate dues.
I believe that India’s democratic experience is also relevant for Myanmar.
The Government has taken some major decisions to ensure homes for the poor, the neo middle class and the middle class.
As per the agreement, construction of RanjitSagar Dam (Thein Dam) and Shahpurkandi Dam was to be taken up by Punjab Govt.
Practicing Yoga has the ability to herald an era of peace, happiness and brotherhood.
Several market reforms have been initiated.
3. High quality, multi-disciplinary care in line with the vision of AyushmanBharat, moving away from a ‘doctor led’ model to a ‘care accessible and team based’ model.
46. The leaders encouraged Euratom and the Department of Atomic Energy to conclude the Agreement for Research & Development Cooperation in the field of the Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy.
Now, I can safely say that we have completed a sizeable part of it.
The Prime Minister will meet with key industry leaders.
From across the vast Indian Ocean, I bring with me the warm friendship and best wishes of 1.25 billion Indians.
Today he has shared some of his photos of North East visits.
We would undertake training along similar lines for 1500 Judicial Officers of Bangladesh in our judicial academies.
He said endeavours in the cooperative sector in Gujarat have helped the people, especially the farmers.
To this end, the Prime Minister offered that, as a close neighbour and friend of Afghanistan and its people, India would allocate a sum of USD 1 billion.
Community Health Centers (CHCs) and District Hospitals (DHs),
He made our Parliamentary democracy richer and was a strong voice for the well-being of the poor and vulnerable.
The MoU will enhance bilateral cooperation between India and Brazil in the areas of Traditional Systems of Medicine.
The 1st of January, 2018, i.e. tomorrow, in my view, is a special day.
We specifically looked at charting new avenues and tapping fresh opportunities in advancing our relationship.
The leaders resolved to step up cooperation through regular bilateral consultations and in international fora.
Why don’t we, on our own, give the correct details of our income and property to the government, so that we can rid ourselves from the burden of hitherto undeclared assets?
A total of 845 fishermen have been rescued or assisted till date.
By 2022, what will be the roadmap for Indian PSUs to optimally utilize their CSR Fund?
Our views are similar in the fight against climate change.
The Government has been emphasizing the importance of developing Inland Water Transport Sector for the national economy.
“On World Consumer Rights Day we salute the consumer, on whose purchasing power the growth of our economy rests.
The Prime Minister said that public movements for development require a meeting of minds in the core team.
The Prime Minister said the life of the tribal communities was marked by intense struggle.
Accordingly, a template of framework MoU for space cooperation was provided for further processing at Government level, for which Armenia side has given its concurrence in April 2017.
He recalled that when he had first articulated his vision for India to break into the Top 50 in EoDB rankings in the years to come, it was greeted with skepticism.
“Our Scientists must commit themselves to addressing problems of affordable healthcare, housing, clean air, water and energy, agricultural productivity and food processing.
Spoke to officials and asked them to ensure all possible support to those affected.
Spreading negativity is fairly easy.
This measure will save public funds, which are currently being used for loss making BSCL, and can be used for other developmental work.
In the morning, we exchanged views on important global issues, including terrorism, global economic scenario, and the need to reform the global governance architecture.
My deepest condolences to the families of those who lost their loved ones and I pray that the injured recover quickly.
Do Shramdan, Donate through labor.
Through a Yatra, we get acquainted with various parts of the country that we may have never seen otherwise, he said.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has given its approval to the Cabinet note on the proposal for official Amendments in The Constitution (Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes) Order (Amendment) Bill, 2016 so as to modify the list of Scheduled Tribes (STs) of Chhattisgarh.
In particular, he appreciated the quality of suggestions that had come from various subject experts.
I appreciate the invitation to be the Guest of Honour at this year’s Forum.
The practice of Yoga 30 minutes before school can impart much benefit.
For example, categories like Thalassemia, Parkinson’s, or for that matter Dwarfism have been included.
6. The two sides signed the following Agreements/MoUs/Joint Declaration of Intent during the visit:
This government has started these four important trains in the last few days at a very fast pace to connect Bihar and Eastern Uttar Pradesh, it is certainly going to benefit you people during Diwali and Chhath Puja.
We are committed to an India with:
A journey that we are excited to undertake together for the good of our people and societies.
“Delighted the Rajya Sabha has passed the Constitution (One Hundred And Twenty-Fourth Amendment) Bill, 2019.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
He knows Indians love him, but he also knows that he must not fail.
In India, this has been accorded great importance for centuries.
But the most important thing is that we can speak to China eye-to-eye and put forth India’s interests in the most unambiguous manner.
At a public meeting in Kalyan, the Prime Minister laid the Foundation Stone of two important metro corridors.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished all the participants of the Khelo India Youth Games which are beginning in Pune today.
At a time of global slowdown, we have registered 7.6% growth in GDP.
It intends eradicating poverty and promoting prosperity in a changing world with basic motto of ‘Sabka Saath Sabka Vikash’.
I also propose that we set up a network of Universities to encourage greater inter-university exchanges.
We will review progress on decisions since the Hangzhou Summit last year and deliberate on issues of terrorism, climate, sustainable development, growth and trade, digitalisation, health, employment, migration, women’s empowerment, and partnership with Africa.
It is indeed a great pleasure for me to welcome Her Excellency Daw Aung San Suu Kyi on her first State Visit to India.
Encourage them to join the mainstream of integrity.
But sometimes despite our best efforts we cannot help it.
And, I am convinced that when we join hands and mutually share the fruits of knowledge, technology and growth, we can speed up our development and prosperity.
He should be given an opportunity to be amongst people with whom he speaks openly.
All the rights of the citizens were suspended.
I wish to thank Prime Minister Abe for the support extended for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Covering 30 to 40 homes everyday, spreading the message of cleanliness, this boy transformed the village into Open defecation free.
Moreover, these mile-stones have been achieved even before some of the major recent reforms.
Our governments and our security forces have shown restraint in dealing with these incidents.
30. Prime Minister Modi conveyed his sincere appreciation for the excellent arrangements made by the Saudi authorities for the comfort of the Haj and Umrah pilgrims from India.
The Prime Minister said that the apprehensions with regard to GST have been proven to be unfounded, and a smooth transition has happened.
I tried to explore and find out various methods of copying and wasted a lot of time because of that.
Our revered Bapu and South Africa shared an unbreakable bond.
The DG thanked the Government of India for taking the initiative of starting a conversation to explore ways to reinvigorate the multilateral trading system.
The Agreement will help to maintain a certain degree of continuity in the operations of the Forum and also help in smooth coordination of the activities of Belmont Forum.
The leaders reaffirmed their resolve to continue working together as well as with the wider international community to augment the capacity of the United Nations to more effectively address the global development and security challenges.
The Award focuses on the triple bottom-line of People, Profit and Planet.
On Government e-Marketplace (GeM), he said the portal has improved transparency, and has reduced wasteful expenditure.
Let us enable law-abiding citizens to get their due share.
Through the course of the day, the Prime Minister held separate, detailed review meetings on the situation in the States of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland.
In extreme cases, the NAA can impose a penalty on the defaulting business entity and even order the cancellation of its registration under GST.
Her Government’s ‘zero-tolerance’ policy towards terrorism is an inspiration for all of us.
Good luck to Deepti Sharma for the finals.
And humanity flourishes and gainstrength from this feeling of brotherhood.
The construction of roads and bridges, links in the field of energy and our efforts to boost connectivity indicate in the direction of a good future.
He encouraged the entrepreneurs to continue their ideation in their respective groups.
The present upper ceiling on gratuity amount under the Act is Rs. 10 Lakh.
He said the Government is devoting significant effort to the renewable energy sector.
The two leaders expressed their support for the work of the Special Representatives on the India China Boundary Question and urged them to intensify their efforts to seek a fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable settlement.
• Ancillary services to support grid operation for expansion of renewable energy.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today welcomed Village Pradhans from the Varanasi Parliamentary Constituency at his residence in New Delhi.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to Pan-India implementation of Maternity Benefit Program which now has been extended to all districts of the country w.e.f.
Setting up of new AIIMS would not only transform health education and training but also address the shortfall of health care professionals in the region.
Earlier he used to be scared of this queue and could never imagine of queuing up outside the ATMs.
On Benami Law, he said it was his government that implemented Benami Law and now people are getting caught for having the benami properties.
Spoke to CM Raghubar Das on the situation.
The Cabinet Secretary made a brief presentation on the work done so far, as a follow up to the reports presented by the eight Groups of Secretaries to the Prime Minister in January this year.
He had also shown the path that one can find God, if he comes out of cast boundary.
The President of Maldives is accompanied by his wife First Lady Fazna Ahmed and a high level delegation comprising of Minister of Foreign Affairs Abdulla Shahid, Minister of Finance Ibrahim Ameer, Minister of National Planning and Infrastructure Mohamed Aslam, Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation Aishath Nahula, Minister of Economic Development Uz Fayyaz Ismail, senior government officials, and a business delegation.
Otherwise such hurdles can cause new stress.
This is the first episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat’ in the year 2018.
The National Police Memorial consists of Central Sculpture, a Wall of Valour-engraved with the names of police personnel who laid down their lives in the line of duty and a State of Art Museum dedicated to the memory of the martyred police personnel.
In business, like in politics, both time and timing are very important.
For this vision, I had also travelled to Lahore.
He stressed on the importance of using informal channels to generate this awareness.
Apart from this, a research grant of Rs.2.00 lakh will be provided to each of the Fellows for a period of 5 years to cover their foreign travel expenses for presenting research papers in international conferences and seminars.
He will launch several development projects and lay foundation stones for various Projects.
The Sounding Rockets made by Odisha university students have also created many records.
ARNAB: Are you willing to take the lead in building that consensus?
The Prime Minister said comprehensive steps are being taken for Agriculture Marketing Reforms.
The plan covers all phases of disaster management: prevention, mitigation, response and recovery.
As far as the government is concerned, on every issue and at every forum, we have tried to hold discussions.
Actually from Kashmir to Kanyakumari and from Kutch to Kamrup and from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these 3-4 months have examinations galore.
With the help of small traders, their openness and their aptitude to accept new things, the country has successfully implemented the GST.
“Anguished by the attack near Kabul.
I wish I could be present with you in person – but the exigencies of work did not so permit.
He said that though efforts to increase tax revenue are made by officers each year, the estimated amounts of tax that should accrue to the system, are often not realised.
In this regard, he recognized Congress’ strong bipartisan support for the India-US partnership.
India needs affordable healthcare आयुष्मान भारत is for that.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people on the occasion of Rath Yatra.
The Prime Minister was also apprised of the considerable progress made in Rural Sanitation in villages along the banks of the River Ganga.
4. After depositing your money in your account, you can draw it when you need it.
Our mothers and sisters are an integral unit of our families.
Comparing demonetization to the Swachh Bharat Mission, the Prime Minister said it is a movement to clean India from corruption and black money.
It is a passport to health assurance, a key to fitness and wellness.
Festivals in a way are the reflection of our social values and a learning for the society.
Now, agencies are probing.
Salient features of the Agreement
When all parties work together in the larger nation interest, positive outcomes and results emerge.
I thank people for one more reason.
And it is necessary that the country moves forward on the issue of development.
We have never eyed someone else’s territory maliciously.
This summit is a re-inforcement of India’s commitment to a sustainable planet, for ourselves and for future generations.
Gifting of Bhabhatron Cancer Therapy machine to assist Uganda’s efforts towards eradicating the malaise of cancer.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has accorded its approval today for creation of a non-lapsable pool in the Public Account for secondary and higher, education known as “Madhyamik and Uchchtar Shiksha Kosh” (MUSK) into which all proceeds of “Secondary and Higher Education Cess” will be credited.
Prime Minister pointed out that the government has changed the situation in Eastern India which had 14,582non- electrified villages out of 18,000 and out of which 5790 villages were in the North East.
He said that such events would aid those aspiring to become Parliamentarians.
The Prime Minister also saluted science lovers.
He said that as a result of the discussions in this Conference over the last few years, now, once an objective is clearly defined for the police force, there is a lot of cohesion in the execution.
It is the largest Health Insurance Scheme in the world.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the MoU signed on July 07, 2016 between India and Mozambique on cooperation in the field of Youth Affairs and Sports during the visit of Prime Minister of India to Mozambique.
Nagpur, Mumbai, Pune and Thane
Government of India has launched ‘Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojna’ to encourage infrastructure building.
I salute all those brave hearts from the bottom of my heart.
Capping prices of Coronary Stents have made them cheaper by up to 85 per cent.
We have expanded the India-EU engagement into many new sectors and have agreed that we must continue our efforts to make it more comprehensive and beneficial, based on mutual trust and understanding.
A progressive partnership in all these areas would shape the scope of my conversation with Prime Minister Netanyahu.
These have reinforced my conviction in ASEAN unity, centrality and leadership in shaping the region in this vision.
To increase energy efficiency, my government has given the highest ever priority to the railways.
It will infuse afresh energy, newer enthusiasm into them.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will remain grounded and would not lose focus due to fame and accolades.
And, the vast stretch of Indian Ocean has kept our societies and our people connected.
They welcomed the agreement to launch a major joint flagship initiative of €30 million on water-related challenges reflecting the pressing need to cooperate on technological and scientific knowledge and management capacities to cope with increasing stress on water resources.
50. Both sides agreed to explore opportunities for cooperation in the area of payment systems including RuPAY for the benefit of Indian community in general and more particularly the Hajj/Umrah pilgrims.
In a reflection of his commitment towards the people of Odisha, the Prime Minister said that it was his third visit to Odisha over the past three weeks.
Our space programmes, including the Mars Orbiter Mission, have had immense contribution from our women scientists.
The Scheme is presently being operated through the Export-Import Bank of India, which raises resources from the market to provide concessional finance.
States have an important role in not just regulating but also encouraging coverage for those who need it the most.
I sense a well-deserved mood of celebration here.
By leveraging advantages of private sector enterprise and public capital in terms of Government land, it would create new institutes of expertise, knowledge and competitiveness.
There are several such schemes and programmes that are run by citizens but these doesn’t get our attention.
I have just concluded very fruitful and productive discussions with His Highness.
Most entrepreneurs would be familiar with this.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of former Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh Shri Kalikho Pul.
He also felicitated Trainees under the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Digital Saksharta Abhiyan.
Building on the January 2015 U.S.-India Joint Statement commitment to make the U.S.-India partnership a defining counterterrorism relationship for the 21st Century, as well as the September 2015 U.S.-India Joint Declaration on Combatting Terrorism, the leaders announced further steps to deepen collaboration against the full spectrum of terrorist threats.
Addressing the large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said he is witnessing first-hand, how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
i. Introduction of the Indian Institutes of Information Technology Public Private Partnership (IIIT PPP) Bill, 2017;
He said the rising aspirations of India’s people, along with robust economic fundamentals, represent a significant opportunity for investment.
This is also reflected in our resolution of the New India.
Vice President of India Shri Venkaiah Naidu, and External Affairs Minister Smt.
Yoga is not the final thing but is the entry point of the way for final passage.
On Triple Talaq, the Prime Minister reiterated that the Muslim community should not allow this issue to be politicized, and urged the assembled gathering to take the responsibility for initiating reform in this regard.
Then the applause was more.
They recognized the importance of various regional/sub-regional collaborative initiatives to improve the lives and livelihoods of all people across the two countries.
They have announced that under the ‘Uttam Panchayat for Digi-Transaction’, rewards of 5 lakh rupees will be given to villages doing 100% digital transaction till 31st March, 2017.
He added that today India is associated with fast economic growth and honest, transparent governance.
He said that the world will recognize India, both for its modernity, and for its rich heritage.
The budget cycle has an effect on the real economy.
Our journey of transformation begins at home.
Now it is not very difficult for the taxpayer to get connected with the taxation system of the government.
He said that jawans who leave the Armed Forces after completing their duty tenure, can become excellent yoga trainers subsequently.
Like Korea, India has also suffered the pain of cross-border strife.
Investments by AIIB in sustainable infrastructure can impact the lives of billions of people.
3) We will take forward the political process, in accordance with democratic traditions.
Defence and Cyber Security
They channel the savings towards productive investments.
Your institution plays an important role in institutionalizing the transparency and honesty in the country.
And I believe thatthe biggest factor behind the election of HarivanshJi would be that he was associated with the journalism oriented towards the cause of the society and he stayed away from the journalism oriented towards ruling class.
In last three years, nearly 150 lakh hectares of land got more benefit through water conservation and water management measures.
Police Stations will be integrated to set up a national data base of crime and criminals’ records.
The historic implementation of Goods and Services Tax and other measures of simplification and consolidation of taxes havereduced transaction costs andmade processes efficient.
Following is the text of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s message on Earth Day:
He said that the competition now is on development, and achieving aspirational targets such as total sanitation, or total electrification, or higher investment.
General Ngo Xuan Lich, Defence Minister of Vietnam, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
He will then visit a Pashudhan Arogya Mela.
Further, indirect employment generation will take place due to facilities & services like shopping centre, canteens, etc. coming in the vicinity of new AIIMS.
Further, a teacher’s eligibility test has been proposed to assess the standard of teachers before appointment and promotions.
Some thoughts come to mind for upgrading mutual cooperation.
Natural resources mapping, tele medicine, the field of education, deeper IT connectivity or fostering people to people contact – this satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire region.
‘New India’ is the clarion call of 125 crore countrymen.
In the morning, the voting was not over, the debate was also not over one member comes running to me saying- Utho Utho Utho…
2. Specification & standards
The completion of Afghanistan’s Parliament building and the India-Afghanistan Friendship Dam are two shining examples of our dedication to forge developmental partnership.
He said every child is blessed with unique talents.
Now the times are such that children, when they come home, they either start watching cartoons in a corner, or are glued to mobile games.
His message of love, peace and sacrifice are equally relevant today.
Venerable Monks, Excellencies and friends,
He was one of the most multi-faceted personalities I have ever come across.
I assure that the Government of India stands committed for extending all necessary support for efforts of the state in tackling these diseases.
PM Lofven and I will also have the opportunity to interact with top business leaders of both the countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, innovation, S&T, skill development, smart cities, clean energy, digitization and health.
5. There was a time when past governments used to be surrounded by accusations, not so anymore.
They stressed upon the need for building a strong partnership for the 21st century between the two countries in keeping with their responsibility for promoting peace, stability and security in the region and the world.
We have launched an on-going campaign against tax evasion and black money.
My focus would be on the ball, and slowly-slowly targets were achieved on their own.
He said that there are over 1.5 lakh post offices and over three lakh postmen or “grameen dak sevaks” who are connected to the people of the country.
They emphasized that they must continue to progress together.
Upholding the values of democracy founded on tolerance, discipline, selflessness and respect for the law of the land, all his actions were based on the principles of ‘Integral Humanism’.
During the ISRO-JAXA bilateral meeting held at New Delhi on April 05, 2016, both sides stressed the need for updating the contents of ‘2005 Arrangement’ with enhanced scope of cooperation.
This atmosphere should be created in the country and I think such an environment is being created nowadays.
He also interacted with young students at the school, and exhorted them towards the cause of Swachhata.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated, or laid the foundation stone of important projects, cumulatively worth over Rs. 900 crore, in Varanasi.
Friends, We have taken steps to ensure that the Government schemes bring in a qualitative change in the lives of poor people, lower middle class and middle class people.
The Prime Minister said that on access to markets for entrepreneurs, the Union Government has taken a number of steps already.
· 3rd Meeting of Industry Experts – 3 July (Magaliesburg)
On employment, the Prime Minister said that India is now the fastest growing major economy; FDI is at an all-time high; poverty is reducing rapidly, as per international reports; pace of infrastructure development is faster than before; and tourism is rising.
In his address, the Prime Minister lauded the contribution of Kutchi Leva Patel Community in various welfare activities and the development of East Africa.
Several parts of the country faced natural calamities recently.
He said that the projects being inaugurated today reflect the Union Government’s commitment to development.
Our land is home to writers, scholars, saints and seers who have expressed themselves freely and fearlessly.
The matching funds will be as per prevailing rates at the beginning of financial year.
But breaking of silos and information sharing among states can help make everyone more secure.
Have asked officials to provide immediate assistance that is required”, The the Prime Minister tweeted.
I am told that the experience of bringing about decisive changes in a large country like India without affecting the growth process may become an example for many other nations.
Rather than winning countries through wars, India has believed in winning hearts.
In the recent past, we have established two important projects in Assam – Brahmaputra Cracker and Polymer Limited and Numaligarh Refinery Limited’s wax unit.
Government of India will provide budgetary support of Rs. 2037.39 crore to the SPV as equity over a period of 3 years to fund trunk infrastructure, a part of Exhibition centre, Foyer, Convention Centre, Metro connectivity, NHAI road connectivity including cost of land to be paid to DDA, water & Sewerage infrastructure, Railway land for Metro Connectivity and expenses towards other Non-PPP components.
This, in a way, is a movement on preventive health care.
That India should be a great science destination.
If she had not forbidden me from revealing her name, I from the core of my heart wanted to announce her name while talking to you.
ii. Holding an India-Japan public and private healthcare forum.
Stringent punishment for unqualified medical practitioners or quacks:
It has now been decided to do away with this restriction and allow foreign airlines to invest up to 49% under approval route in Air India subject to the conditions that:
The challenges in the Maritime domain are a shared concern.
I have every confidence that with continued efforts from the Korean people, peace will soon prevail on the Korean Peninsula.
I faced a lot of difficult moments in these last 24 years and many a times there were good moments too.
Implementation of the project will further strengthen India’s enduring ties in culture and religion with Myanmar.
He said initiatives for the Dalits and the marginalized are at the centre-stage in the working of the Union Government.
Further, the posts entail a great deal of decision-making and accountability in the functioning of the organization.
• We must reject any link between terrorism and religion: PM Modi
It will help in the improvement of the health care infrastructure in the region resulting in better health care services available to the common people.
Indian Railways operates on the principle of maximum public welfare, and in this context, this bonus payment will help in improving accountability and efficiency in railways operations.
He spoke of the expansion of healthcare facilities on the Islands.
Both these places attract a large number of pilgrims every year.
He added that the challenge now is to take this growth rate to double digits, for which many more important steps have to be taken.
This is past.
Prominent among these projects are:
And, recorded one of the highest growth rates in the Euro zone in 2016.
Ratification of the Kyoto Protocol by India will encourage other developing countries also to undertake this exercise.
In response to Indonesia’s appeal for international aid, the Prime Minister offered to the President of Indonesia all possible assistance from India as a maritime neighbour and friend of Indonesia.
As part of their Valedictory Session as Assistant Secretaries, IAS officers of the 2014 batch today made presentations before the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
He stressed that he greatly valued the mutually beneficial ties between India and Sri Lanka, and remained steadfast to work with the Prime Minister for futher strengtheing them.
‘Beti Bachao – Beti Padhao’ movement is moving forward with rapid strides.
India congratulates Punam Yadav for winning the Gold Medal in the 69 Kg women’s weightlifting event.
In their interventions, the leaders discussed preparations and priorities for the forthcoming Xiamen BRICS Summit.
During the interaction, Shri Narendra Modi said that the movement towards more digital payments is resulting in the elimination of intermediaries.
Mr. Odinga also warmly recalled his earlier visits to India in 2009 and 2012.
Over the last few days, the festival of Christmas was celebrated across the world with gaiety and fervor.
The first-of-its-kind interaction with district collectors marked the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement, and is aimed at catalysing “New India – Manthan” at the grassroots level.
As democracies, we have shared values.
The Prime Minister emphasized that the Union Government will never allow the poor and the middle class to be looted.
Today I am immensely delighted that the passing of this Law for the welfare of the Divyaangjan will open up additional avenues of employment for them.
• Capital Expenditure in Infrastructure related projects has gone up by 48% over the previous year.
The Prime Minister described the Kumbh as a symbol of India and Indianness.
This has led to not only availability of cheaper medicines, but also new employment opportunities for individual entrepreneurs.
I convey my condolences to the families of those who lost their lives.
And after Independence, this festival has become a vehicle of raising social and educational awareness.
I welcome you.
• More than 5000 Grenade launchers were seized.
Clause 6 of the Assam Accord envisaged that appropriate constitutional, legislative and administrative safeguards, shall be provided to protect, preserve and promote the cultural, social, linguistic identity and heritage of the Assamese people.
The arrangements for merger of Railway budget with the General budget have been approved by the Cabinet with the following administrative and financial arrangements-
Together, we can once again make India a land of wisdom and knowledge.
His seventh announcement was that 20 hubs will be formed across the country, and 100 spokes in the form of tool rooms will be established.
But despite your past, you are an ardent supporter of the capitalist system and want to liberalize the economy.
Once again on the sacred occasion of independence, I offer my best wishes.
• Encourage joint efforts towards women’s empowerment by skilling employment and entrepreneurship opportunities for womenthrough projects such as “Kraftsamla”- a project undertaken by Swedish and Indian actors in Pune, Maharashtra which provides skills training for women in jobs suitable for industry such as forklift drivers, warehouse managers, assembly operators and more.
He feels that our youth are physically weak, compared to those of other Asian countries.
It will open up a new avenue of employment.
The Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code passed recently will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
Interacting with the monks, the Prime Minister said that he is fortunate to visit the Pagoda, and recalled that India’s first President Dr. Rajendra Prasad had visited this Pagoda in 1959.
g)Exchange of information and best practices regarding Intellectual Property law infringements in the digital environment, especially regarding Copyright issues; and
MMLP is located adjacent to Howrah- Mumbai which is 5 km from Jharsuguda Railway Station.
Traditional Medicine is an important element of life of Tanzanian people and Traditional medicines are used as first aid or stop-gap measure before the patient is referred to modern health facilities.
It will be completed in 45 months by September 2022.
The faster turnaround in hearings is expected to result in speedier approvals, thereby stimulating the business processes of corporates and resulting in greater employment opportunities in the country.
And both the states had a steady stream of great men whose lives and sterling contributions in every sphere of society is a source of inspiration for us..
“Today, on World Diabetes Day, let us pledge to lead healthier lives so that we can overcome diabetes.
This will meet the goal of indigenization / self-reliance in this sector.
BRICS Friendship Cities Conclave (14-16 April 2016, Mumbai) 77.
While inaugurating University Institute of Engineering & Technology, Kathua today , PM expressed his happiness that the youths from Jammu will benefit from the 10% EWS Quota.
This will be a unique opportunity for BRICS and BIMSTEC leaders to hold a conversation on prospects for closer partnership and coordination.
2. Foreign investment into an Indian company, engaged only in the activity of investing in the capital of other Indian company/ies/ LLP and in the Core Investing Companies is presently allowed upto 100% with prior Government approval.
In the current arrangement, 60% of the trainings are directly under MSDE while 40% are across other Central Ministries.
He’s endeared himself to every Indian with his wisdom and humility.
Subsequently, India proposed to further amend the Convention through a Third Protocol to update the Exchange of Information Article as per the international standard and to insert an Article on Assistance in the Collection of taxes.
Therefore, to spread the myth that this is a public agitation is far from the truth.
I congratulate Hugh Evans, Shiv Khemka, Gauri Easwaran, Poonam Mahajan and the many others who have worked hard to put this together.
These include declining fish catches, warming ocean temperatures, and vanishing habitats.
Urging everyone to make Yoga a part of their lives, the Prime Minister said that Yoga is about health assurance, and it is not even expensive to practice.
In the coming days, when we will be celebrating his 150th Birth Anniversary, crores of Swachchagrahis will offer Karyanjali (offerings of work) in the memory of Bapu.
The unified authority would also provide the much needed impetus to further development of IFSC in India in-sync with the global best practices.
The Panchayats will directly monitor activities pertaining to 19 departments/subjects and carry out audits of government schemes and projects.
Remembering such important events gives a new boost to the life and strength to the nation.
Like hesitations of history.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the approach adopted by India at the Tenth Ministerial Conference of the WTO held in Nairobi, Kenya during 15-19 December 2015.
India informed that leading Indian oil and gas companies are in the process of opening their offices in Myanmar.
Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana is helping farmers in this mission, the Prime Minister said.
It has also helped in capacity building and adoption of global best practices, by government agencies.
Veer Surendra Sai is a well-known freedom fighter of Odisha.
The two leaders visited various stalls that highlighted technologies and innovations across diverse fields.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its for rationalization/merger and modernization of 17 Government of India Presses (GIPs)/Units into 5 Government of India Presses (GIPs) at Rashtrapati Bhavan, Minto Road and Mayapuri, New Delhi; Nashik, Maharashtra and Temple Street, Kolkata, West Bengal.
The United States has become the world’s largest oil and gas producer after the shale revolution.
Let every citizen of Haryana pledge to protect the girl child, the Prime Minister said.
I also wish to congratulate you for the several successes that Portugal has had under your Prime Ministership.
It includes areas such as policy support, teaching, training and dissemination of information in the area of sustainable development and climate change through inter-disciplinary/trans-disciplinary research.
Maha-Shivratri symbolizes a union of divinity with a purpose, of overcoming darkness and injustice.
It was the ears and eyes of millions of Tamil people.
The past experience shows that in those deliberations the national interest is above the political interests.
The Prime Minister said a lot of small changes have been brought in by the Union Government, which have brought significant results.
Noting that 31st October also marks the birth anniversary of Sardar Patel, the Prime Minister said that Sardar Patel was a lawyer, who devoted his life to serving the nation.
This programme, which has already started giving results, will soon revive the Ganga, our most precious river.
Establishment of 24 new medical colleges across the country will not only facilitate the treatment of the people but also help to impart medical education to the youngsters.
He extended an invitation for President Obama to visit India at his convenience.
LPG connections went up from 55 percent of total households to 90 percent of total households.
Ports in India are generally named after the city or town in which these are situated.
The community of nations is trying to find solutions to this problem, but truly, the solution lies in the path that Swamiji showed the world in Chicago – tolerance and acceptance.
Mr Prime Minister, you are aware more than anyone else that people want immediate results.
These are suggestions that have emerged out of a certain squeeze of life’s experiences.
More such news gets published, the more such people with demonic mentality will get scared.
16. Recognizing the availability of sophisticated infrastructure and logistical services in the Kingdom’s industrial cities and ports, His Royal Highness welcomed investments by Indian companies in the Kingdom for domestic and regional market access.
Similar sentiments are coming to the fore in the households of our brave heart martyrs.
I will always cherish that day”, the Prime Minister said.
Here, these one crore families have given up their subsidy.
Whatever medals we got have been earned by our daughters.
He suggested that States should focus on exports.
His noble ideals motivate millions across the world.
Means calm of bygone days may not be worth today.
This would facilitate member countries to share knowledge and also implement joint programmes on .matter of Labour and Employment, Social Security and Social dialogue.
I laud HAL and ADA on the induction of Tejas fighter jet.
Concessionaire would pay Royalty on “per MT of cargo/TEU handled” basis which would be indexed to the variations in the WPI annually.
Education and People-to-People
The objective of raising four additional battalions is to reduce the response time keeping in view the vast geographic area of the country.
We began our battle against corruption by setting up an SIT headed by a retired Supreme Court judge, immediately upon taking office.
The whole exercise would be undertaken by IWAI through appointment of lead managers and coordination with SEBI.
The Belmont Forum, created in 2009, is a high level group of the world’s major and emerging funders of global environmental change research and international science councils.
Today, Excellency Sheikh Hasina and I held productive and comprehnsive discussions on the full range of our partnership.
Medicines available at the Jan Aushadhi Centres are 50% to 90% cheaper than branded drugs available in the market.
• The Mission will coordinate with key stakeholders in Ministries/ Departments and the states to integrate various initiatives to transform mobility in India.
Who opposed them earlier?
We will strive to build an “Energy Bridge” between our States and expand bilateral relations in all areas of energy cooperation, including nuclear, hydrocarbon, hydel and renewable energy sources and in improving energy efficiency.
For cooperation in the area of trade remedies viz. anti-dumping, subsidy, countervailing and safeguard measures through consultations and exchange of information through establishment of a Cooperation Committee comprising government officials and domain experts.
We have made the process transparent and online.
Areas related to agrarian and rural life such as animal husbandry, cow’s welfare, separate department of fisheries have also been taken care of.
Past administrative experience: Union Minister of State for Labour, Parliamentary Affairs, Statistics & Programme Implementation and Youth Affairs & Sports in the Government of India
Yes, people have more expectations from us because they know that we can deliver.
• A statuette of Lord Shiva, which had a base price of Rs. 5000/-, was auctioned for Rs. 10 lakh, which is 200 times the base price.
And, in all of this, our “no strings attached” model of cooperation is driven purely by the requirements and priorities of our partner countries.
Promoting safe, honorable and sustainable tourism.
Separate department for Fisheries will greatly benefit the fishermen.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for International Association of Marine Aids to Navigation and Lighthouse Authorities (IALA) to change its status from Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) to Inter-Governmental Organization (IGO).
The Prime Minister said improvement in “ease of doing business” would bring in greater investment in the States.
I have to take an exam tomorrow.
To make way for certain constructions limited strictly to public works and projects essential to public within the prohibited area, the following amendments have been approved:
And these suggestions have helped me to enrich my interaction with you today.
To encourage and develop cooperation on Artificial Intelligence technologies
Thousands of people gathered for the event at the Ramabai Ambedkar Maidan despite continuous rain in the city.
And in our first meeting itself I had experienced his enthusiasm and affection towards India.
This was the school from where Mahatma Gandhi passed his matriculation in 1887.
Tripura and Meghalaya are now out of the purview of the Armed Forces Special Power Act.
PM to unveil postage stamp on Suheldeo & address a public rally in Ghazipur
The discussions in the roundtable will be put together as the “Roadmap for opportunities in STEM Education & Research in India”.
Because of life style, because of the mad race to achieve success and because of increasing responsibilities, leading a stress- free life has become very difficult.
But, you faced them boldly; you fought for your rights, but you did so peacefully.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi had exhorted people to pledge for leading healthier lifestyle to overcome diabetes, on the World Diabetes Day.
I am committed, Excellency, to work shoulder-to-shoulder with you in this shared endeavor.
It has been practiced for ages, even in the humblest of households.
He praised their concentration and special skill, and said their deeds are an inspiration for millions of people, including the Divyang.
He stressed on the importance of Jan Bhagidaari, or public participation, in development.
Their affection and loyalty to Kenya is foremost.
As voters of this century, you too must be feeling proud.
And what is further heartening is the fact that this was PSLV’s 38th successive successful launch.
Not just that, those interns who accomplish their tasks well, will be awarded two credit points each, by the UGC.
50% of the total expenditure incurred on providing basic training would be supported by Government of India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the inaugural event of the Ramayana Darshanam Exhibition at Vivekananda Kendra, Kanyakumari, via video conferencing.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of Easter.
PM calls for more effective redressal of Consumer Grievances
This was beneficial for the farmers.”
“I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
· Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Foreign Affairs/International Relations (New York, USA)
We are old maritime neighbours.
• This Framework Agreement shall enable the following potential interest areas of cooperation such as, space science, exploration of outer space, use of space technology, remote sensing of the earth; operation and maintenance of the integrated BIAK TTC station, hosting of Indian ground station, hosting of IRIMS station, in kind support for launching LAPAN made satellites,, cross utilisation of ground stations etc.
He called for expeditious pursuit of energy self-sufficiency in the islands, which could be based on solar energy.
Our masses had sacrificed their lives for the country’s freedom at a time when atrocities had crossed all limits.
The world knows our intentions.
He added, however, that a great improvement is now visible in just four years.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has lauded the budget as the budget for New India which will energise the nation.
It will ensure traceability of national and international standards, thereby developing new areas of expertise that may facilitate in tackling new challenges.
The Cabinet also approved the retention of percentage-based regime of disability pension implemented post 6th CPC, which the 7th CPC had recommended to be replaced by a slab-based system.
The benefits arising from bilateral exchange programmes in the field of Youth and Sports would be equally available to all youth irrespective of their caste, religion and gender.
These memorials, built under the leadership of Narendra Modi, stand out as souvenirs of nationalism, instilling the feeling of oneness and pride, that needs to cherished and nourished.
Just try and see for yourselves!
They have made a big contribution in creating a positive environment and are leading the Cleanliness Campaign in their own ways.
In the past 70 years, 70 lakh enterprises were included in the Indirect tax net.
Expressing his commitment to uplift the poor, PM said, “ NDA government’s vision of development is on two lines, infrastructure development and upliftment of the marginalized sections of society who have been struggling to avail basic amenities for over 70 years.”
He said that when one thinks and works for his family, how can he feel tired?
The role of science in planning, decision making, and governance has never been more important.
Special in the sense that this time there were many pathbreaking ‘firsts’.
May this Yoga Day become an opportunity to deepen our connect with Yoga and motivate people around us to practice it.
One day was specifically marked as ‘Africa Day’.
If the water is still, then no matter how deep it is, everything at the bottom can be seen.
There will be special focus on placement of trainees with incentives/disincentives linked to placement as envisaged in the Common Norms.
We all should strive together to do something positive, talk about something positive, to spread something positive.
He called for expanding the use of digital transactions to bring down corruption.
India and the United Kingdom share a modern partnership bound by strong historical ties.
Some of the major initiatives include the Kaladan Multi-Modal Transit Transport Project, the Rih-Tedim Road Project and Border Haats.
During the visit, Prime Minister Modi also met with His Royal Highness Prince Mohammed bin Naif bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud, Crown Prince, Deputy Premier & Minister of Interior and His Royal Highness Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, Deputy Crown Prince, Second Deputy Premier & Minister of Defence.
He also laid foundation stone of Entrepreneurship, Innovation and Career Hub in University of Jammu.
In my meeting with the President on 7th June, we will seek to build upon the progress achieved in providing new vigour and momentum to our strategic partnership in diverse areas.
While on the one hand, our farmers are working on modern agricultural techniques like micro irrigation, drip irrigation and sprinklers, on the other hand, 99 big closed irrigation projects have also been revived.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister encouraged the Pradhans to work towards ensuring attendance of children and quality of Mid Day Meals in schools.
It will be the New India – a secure, prosperous and strong nation.
The Centre will also undertake capacity building exercises for stakeholders across the rice value chain.
The Agreement is proposed to be signed during the upcoming visit of Indian Delegation, led by Home Minister, to Russia from 27-29 November, 2017.
They are 50 in number now.
PM lauded Mission Indradhanush for being selected as one of the 12 best practices globally by a leading Medical Journal.
The Policy will result in uniformity and transparency in the procedure for awarding captive facilities.
Sri Vishwa Prasanna Tirth Swami Ji,
See, these are the pathways leading towards change.
I understand that health care is President Uhuru’s key priority.
We are on the path of making India a global manufacturing hub.
These trees represent soldiers and send a reassuring message to the country’s citizens that our soldiers vigilantly guard borders round the clock and that they, the citizens are safe.
India needs a clean economy increased digital payments and innovations like BHIM App are taking us there.
Yoga by itself means adding – getting connected.
He said 99 big irrigation projects, which have been stalled for decades, are now being fast tracked, at a cost of almost 90,000 crore rupees.
5. Procurement of generic and essential drugs and assistance in sourcing of drug supplies;
Fourth, secure our societies.
It is the essence of the emotions of the 125 crore Indians wanting to come together and create a magnificent India.
This being a hilly area, the farmers did not get a fair price of their produce.
iii. Emergency Relief
The parties agree that engendering the initiatives of MoPR, including capacity development efforts, will be of mutual benefit, and will further their shared mission of good governance, gender equality and women’s empowerment.
It is a difficult task, but we have to do it.
BRICS Business Council interaction with BRICS Leaders (16 October 2016, Goa) 80.
I am asking you, the corrector of the account books.
Construction of electricity lines and Substations worth US$141 million and 2.
You all must be aware that the government has started a website,transforming india.
During the budget exactly a month ago, it was announced that those earning upto Rupees Five Lakhs would not pay income tax!
In addition to fertilizer, this plant will produce natural gas, thereby contributing to the country’s energy requirements.
The interaction covered over one crore women representing various Self Help Groups.
He will head directly for Narur village, where he will interact with children of a primary school who are being aided by the non-profit organisation “Room to Read.”
PM said that he felt proud to unveil his statue.
All of you will be continuously strengthening the power of the people through the feeling of – Vayam amritasya putraha.
Through her work, she spread the message of the importance of cleanliness and service to mankind.
Later, at a public meeting in Maghar, the Prime Minister will witness a cultural programme and address the gathering.
Noting the potential for much more, we have agreed to scale up our engagement.
· 4th BRICS Youth Summit – 16 to 21 July (Bloemfontein, Free State)
“At the outset, my tributes to the soldiers martyred in the terror attack in Pulwama.
India and Israel are not immune to it either.
In his address, the Prime Minister said he felt a sense of belonging with the Indian Community in Uganda.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the 311 kilometre Govindpur-Jamtara-Dumka-Sahebganj highway; and dedicated to the nation, a solar power facility at Sahebganj District Court Premises and Sahebganj District Hospital.
Chhayanaut, a cultural organization of Bangladesh was given the award for 2015 for its role in the promotion of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore’s works and Bangla arts.
His naval forces were very efficient and skilled in attacking the enemy and in defending their attacks.
The primary goal of joining AMF TCP by Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas (MoP&NG) is to facilitate the market introduction of Advanced motor fuels/ Alternate fuels with an aim to bring down emissions and achieve higher fuel efficiency in transport sector.
He will flag off a train between Dalli Rajhara and Bhanupratappur.
It was the result of his selfless service to the nation that in a brief tenure of about one and a half years he gave to our jawans and farmers the mantra to reach the pinnacle of success.
The partnerships you have forged and the networks you have created are energizing the economic growth stories in each BRICS country.
You are valued friends of India.
Animals, birds, flora – nature in its entirety, is filled with the joys of the season.
Implementation Strategy and targets:
I thank CII and Keidanren for creating this opportunity.
And, for the exceptional generosity with your time and friendship.
Not just for Cyprus, but for the whole region.
How can a future occasion be used to improve upon the past results.
Due to such a great saint tradition of continuous efforts to end social evils, we have been able to keep our cultural heritage intact for centuries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed pain over the loss of lives in road accident in Etah district of UP.
He will attend the convocation of Visva Bharati University at Santi Niketan.
36. Both sides called up on all countries to renounce the use of terrorism as an instrument of state policy.
He said “ease of living” for the common man is also the need of the hour, and States should now take initiatives in this regard.
The visit follows the official visit of Prime Minister Modi to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in April, 2016 at the invitation of the custodian of the Two Holy Mosques His Majesty King Salman bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud.
He described the imminent passage of the Bill as a victory not for any political party, but for Indian democracy.
Mr. Anand Kumar, Secretary, MNRE
Sachin Chowdhary is the sole Indian Para Power Lifter to win a medal at the Commonwealth Games.
Agriculture is the lifeline of the Indian economy.
We recall with pride, the firmness demonstrated by India’s political leadership in 1999, which ensured a decisive victory in Kargil,” the Prime Minister said.
I firmly believe that my young friends must be enthusiastic & happy on the commencement of their college life.
I have been overwhelmed by the love and affection, which were showered on me.
Two major business initiatives in 2018 have helped this along.
I would like to reiterate, let’s resolve to celebrate, 2nd October Gandhi Jayanti this year as Swachch Do Aktoobar, Clean 2nd October.
But India is such an ancient Nation that we are the proud inheritors of thousands and thousands of years of heritage, knowledge and civilized existence and have an opportunity to observe and celebrate a memorial heritage of over thousand years.
Then, Jesus declared that the widow was the greatest of those donors because while the others had donated substantially, that widow had given away all she possessed.
He underlined the importance of a continuous engagement with the overseas Indian community as a key area of priority for the Government.
The Prime Minister mentioned the 25,000 houses being given under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, which aims at providing housing for all by 2022.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Swachh Shakti program first in 2017 at Gandhinagar, Gujarat.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
Habaari gaani (Hello, How are you)?
It also covers the participation in fairs, exhibitions, seminars and conferences related to agriculture and agri-food processing; undertaking and developing joint economic initiatives including the support or agrifood trade between the states of the Contracting Parties.
They would impart skill development to the workforce in this region, he added.
Brothers and sisters, therefore it is extremely essential to create confidence in the minds of the common man by eliminating the deformities in our system.
We also discussed Trade and Economic Partnership Agreement between Indian and European Free Trade Association.
My exam gets over tomorrow and yours begin the dayafter.
Praising Late Shri Ramnath Goenka, the Prime Minister said that there were few in the media who challenged the Emergency and this was led by Ramnath ji.
I will also be meeting ‘Solar Mamas’, a group of rural women solar engineers from Africa who have been trained under GOI-supported programmes to fabricate, install, use, repair and maintain solar lanterns and household solar lighting systems in their villages.
Brothers and sisters, I’m not an economist and neither have I ever claimed so.
29. Recognizing the vibrant people to people contacts that provided strong bonds between the two countries, the two leaders lauded the valuable role of the Indian community in Saudi Arabia and its contribution to the progress and development of both India and Saudi Arabia.
Today we are building relations with countries across the world.
The modification is made to address the need for stringent measures required to deter the rising trend of child sex abuse in the country.
This is a major development that augurs well for the entire tourism sector in the country.
Public sentiments are attached with the cow.
Our new generation can get a good opportunity to get information about the forces.
The Protocol will also ensure prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
I am aware of the social and charitable works done by various institutions and programmes run by Amma.
This is a recognition of the contribution of small entrepreneurs in the economy and to empower a person who has a work-able business idea but no collateral.
I am happy to return to your beautiful country which I first visited in 2008.
A few hours later, the year will change, but this sequence of our conversation will go on, just the way it is.
The Government of India has signed bilateral Agreements on Transfer of Sentenced Persons with United Kingdom, Mauritius, Bulgaria, France, Egypt, Sri Lanka, Cambodia, South Korea, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Bangladesh, Brazil, Israel, Bosnia & Herzegovina, UAE, Italy, Turkey, Maldives, Thailand, Russian Federation, Kuwait, Vietnam, Australia, Hong Kong, Qatar, Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Bahrain and Estonia.
M/s Google have selected few international Companies as their technical partner like M/s.
Friends, after Pulwama terror attack, we are in a state of grief as well as deep anger.
Confidence was low and foreign investors were turning away from India.
Usha ji, the nation is proud of you.
Five, seven or ten days before my visit a large number of cleanliness drives are held.
My young friends, you are agents of change who will make India corruption free and ensure more cashless transactions.
The Prime Minister said that in the last four and a half years, the Union Government has attempted to reduce the difficulty faced by people in obtaining passports.
They suffered despicable miseries and that is how we can now breathe in a free India.
Through the ‘Atal Grand Challenges’ we have exhorted the young generation of the country that if they see problems, they should search for solutions taking the path of technology, doing research, applying innovations and bring those on board.
In Vietnam, I will have the opportunity to pay homage to Ho Chi Minh, one of 20th century’s tallest leaders.
The coming together of so many nations to mark the International Day of Yoga illustrates the real essence of Yoga- togetherness.
May Lord Jhulelal bless us and the year ahead be a happy as well as memorable one.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Mines; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Coal.
Now the whole world unitedly needs to take concrete steps against terrorism and its supporters.
We envisage participation of our youth in this process.
He will visit Shravanabelagola for the Bahubali Mahamasthakabhisheka Mahotsava.
From schools to armed forces everywhere the women of our country are marching ahead.
But, they are both deeply interdependent and interconnected.
Other projects proposed to be undertaken as India-Myanmar cooperation projects are those of setting up of “Bagan Haat” as a hub of Myanmar craft, food and cultural activities, LED-based street lighting, rain water harvesting for sustainable water management, training for alternative income generation for the people of Bagan and upgradation of identified schools.
He appreciated the skills of the carpet makers, which have made the “Made in India carpet” a big brand.
It would lead to repeal or amendment of resolution-related provisions in sectoral Acts as listed in Schedules of the Bill.
An important component of the Earth is “soil”.
There cannot be any other befitting tribute to this great soul than every Indian taking a lesson from her life and emulating her.
It was an outcome of deliberations which lasted two years, eleven months and seventeen days when people from every part of the country participated in the brainstorming.
I am merely an instrument.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the sale of surplus land of Hindustan Antibiotics Limited (HAL), Indian Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited (IDPL), Rajasthan Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited (RDPL) and Bengal Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited (BCPL), as would be required, to meet their outstanding liabilities.
The MoC was signed on 29th October 2018 during the visit of Hon’ble Prime Minister of India to Japan.
He spoke how Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao, Ujjwala Yojana, National Nutrition Mission, Prime Minister’s Safe Maternity Campaign extending maternity leave from 12 to 26 weeks and the ownership of houses first to the women under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana have played a key role in empowering the women.
He said Incentives, Imagination and Institution Building would be the three keys to success.
We are not the kind of people who work in the interest of the party.
That is why the Centre has given rights to the states to make stringent laws.
He said now, GDP growth is back in the range of 7 to 8 percent, while inflation and fiscal deficit are low.
You make India proud!
In the coming days, the people from lower middle class, middle class and upper middle class income groups can also access health care services from these two programs.
I urge all parties and leaders to move away from a “holier than thou approach,” to come together in prioritising transparency, and take firm steps to free politics of black money and corruption.
HSCL will be able to fulfill its commitments of execution of projects and the orders.
The messages I have received show that they are not only sad, they are angry too.
The MoU will help in strengthening bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
Shri Narendra Modi said that work is underway to spread digital literacy to every part of India, among all age groups and sections of society.
Many States have come up with attractive food processing policies to attract investment.
He unveiled plaques to mark the laying of Foundation Stones, or dedication of various projects in Varanasi.
• Continuing to promote cooperation between law enforcement agencies to combat cybercrime including through training workshops, enhancing dialogue and processes and procedures, and setting up consultations as needed;
We are also working on a number of other water projects for 17 cities.
During the freedom struggle Mahatma Gandhi did something very different.
He expressed his commitment to the development of the State and its people, and appealed for restoration of normalcy.
The policy envisages strategic purchase of secondary and tertiary care services as a short term measure to supplement and fill critical gaps in the health system.
Equality of human dignity, and
• Noting the importance of connectivity for enhancement of trade, tourism and people-to-people contacts, the Leaders welcomed the establishment of flights by Garuda Indonesia between Jakarta & Mumbai starting from December 2016.
9. The Prime Minister of India congratulated the people of Maldives for their successful and peaceful transition to democracy.
The Prime Minister welcomed the strengthening of bilateral ties in all spheres, including defence, space, counter-terrorism, maritime security, and civil nuclear cooperation.
This decision is expected to improve the teaching standards in the higher educational institutions to attract all eligible talented candidates.
We all remember the role of Shri Narayana Guru in transforming Kerala.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
Mother Teresa devoted her entire life to the service of the poor in India.
Our Government has met this demand pending for so many years.
We will coordinate our efforts to promote settlements of Indian-Russian trade in national currencies to reduce dependence of our bilateral trade on other currencies.
2. The information received under the Agreement shall be treated as confidential and may be disclosed only to persons or authorities (including courts or administrative bodies) concerned with assessment, collection, enforcement, prosecution or determination of appeals in relation to taxes covered under the Agreement.
The university will have administrative offices at Leh and Kargil.
Kenya is a young nation in an ancient continent.
I wish to say something on the government’s ban on red beacons.
Once, when I was young, I had made an attempt to cheat in my exams.
I feel very concerned about the lives of pregnant women of our country.
In that Bhakti Yuga, in that period, our saints had come out of Temples and Mutts and had moved across every part of India, whether it is east, west, north or south or areas associated with any language, they tried to bring awareness and made efforts to awaken the soul of India.
The new terminal will be a modular, energy efficient and self-sustaining building of 18,985 sq.m
With this launch we have started a journey to build the most advanced frontier of our partnership.
The superannuation age has been enhanced to 65 years in respect of doctors under their administrative control of the respective Ministries/Departments [M/o of AYUSH (AYUSH Doctors), Department of Defence (civilian doctors under Directorate General of Armed Forces Medical Service), Department of Defence Production (Indian Ordnance Factories Health Service Medical Officers), Dental Doctors under D/o Health & Family Welfare, Dental doctors under Ministry of Railways and of doctors working in Higher Education and Technical Institutions under Department of Higher Education].
M-pesa showed how, combined with technology, a home grown idea can quickly and effectively transform the lives of excluded sections of our society.
Signing of the new Agreement between India and Croatia would be a step in continuity as the existing Agreement expired in November, 2009.
ii. Additional capital of Rs.2,000 crore to be provided to NABARD for this purpose through the Union Budget.
PM will also receive the country’s first container consignment (post independence) to be sent on an inland waterways vessel.
By 2025, almost 1 in 5 of the world’s working age population (18.3%) will be Indian.
The Prime Minister appreciated all those involved in the construction of the bridge.
My dear countrymen, Saadar Namaskar.
There is a huge opportunity in the market for new Software which is required in the field of accountancy.
I recently visited Switzerland and there was minimal discussion on the issue.
The Bill provides for proper surveillance, inspection, operation and maintenance of all specified dams in the country to ensure their safe functioning.
My dear countrymen, when development becomes a mass movement, a big transformation takes place.
270 projects worth Rs. 10 lakh crore had been stuck.
He urged the youth to guide people on increased cashless transactions.
Once again, let me express my sincere gratitude to Prime Minister Netanyahu and Mrs. Netanyahu for their warm welcome.
Only then can we serve the energy needs of humanity in an optimal manner.”
Initiatives like International Solar Alliance and our efforts to achieve the target of generating 175 Giga Watt of renewable energy by 2022 reflect India’s commitment to clean energy and green future.
Today, over 6,000 Indians serve in five peacekeeping operations in Africa.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for the condolence and the offer of assistance.
The Treaty seeks to promote and protect investments from either country in the territory of the other country with the objective of increasing bilateral investment flows.
I am told that about 1.20 crore rupees have been given to the foundation in the last two years.
And it is this sacred land that gave to India one of its most famous sons Dr APJ Abdul Kalam.
Those nations who leave their heritage behind, are destined to lose their identity, he added.
I am honoured to welcome President Reuven Rivlin, and distinguished members of his delegation to India.
In today’s Mann Ki Baat, I want to talk about another important work of revered Bapu which maximum countrymen should know.
Now any citizen can nominate any person in our country.
The business leaders appreciated the economic and regulatory reforms implemented by the Government in the past four years, and expressed their desire to further deepen their engagements with India to make use of the mutually beneficial opportunities created by the rapidly growing Indian economy.
An Inter-Ministerial Group (IMG) will guide the process of sale.
On time management, the Prime Minister said that for students, one time-table or a schedule cannot be appropriate for the full year.
Despite this, all the lawyers of that era who had well flourishing law profession left their advocacy for this country.
He said India should be proud to be a country of so many dialects and languages, and so many different faiths, living in harmony.
Arunachal Express is running weekly twice from Naharlagun.
He set five challenges before the PSEs, for New India:
12. This will be raised to four thousand rupees later.
For now you will have to assess the present in comparison with the immediate past and in that you will find a bright future
We have set up a Chair for Indian Studies in University of Lisbon.
In order to train AtoN personnel of Bangladesh, DGLL shall organize training as per IALA training module to AtoN Managers and Technicians, organize Workshops/Conferences.
If during the course of this event sanitation prevails along with reverence, then it will lead to a positive message reaching far and wide.
Ever since 2014, the day you all entrusted us with the reins of the nation, we have put brakes on the trends.
Friends, your exams begin from day after tomorrow.
I would encourage you to come to India and experience the New India that is taking shape.
The agreement was signed on 11.4.2018 in New Delhi between the Moroccan Ministry of Energy, Mines and Sustainable development and the Ministry of Mines, Govt. of India.
This state has a small area but it has attained a grand success.
For years, this country has felt that corruption, black money and terrorism are festering sores, holding us back in the race towards development.
Modi is set to arrive in Israel on July 4 for what will be a historic visit: the first to this country by a sitting Indian prime minister.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Russia on Joint Activities under Human Spaceflight Programme.
In a way, this period is full of many significant events for the nation.
Your work towards establishment of a BRICS Rating Agency, energy cooperation, green finance, and digital economy is particularly noteworthy.
But one thing is important – when you move towards big changes, you will face hurdles.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary.
This spirit will drive India’s growth.
Expressing his commitment towards a healthy India, PM said the prices of medicines and medical and surgical equipments have been brought down.
The move comes in the backdrop of the package of reforms announced by the Government for generation of one crore jobs in the textile and apparel industry over next 3 years.
He added that the aim of the scheme is to reach crores of poor households in 2.5 lakh gram panchayats and provide them sustainable livelihood opportunities.
President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan spoke on telephone today with Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi to condole the terror attack in Uri, Jammu & Kashmir.
The scheme will provide health assurance cover of upto Rs. 5 lakh per family.
I think this is far from the truth.
The interaction was part of the ongoing World Food India event.
Recurring grants to these institute has also been approved @ Rs 5 Lakh per student per year for 5 years.
1. Exchange of knowledge, technology, institutional cooperation includingcapacity building;
You will be surprised to know that black marketers used to own shell companies.
“A well deserved and historic Gold for the Indian women’s Table Tennis team!
The MoU will help in understanding the system of customer oriented public service delivery in UK with reference to rapidly changing environments in the area of public service management and enable in replicating, adapting and innovating some of the best practices and processes in the Indian Public Service Delivery System, leading to improved public service delivery in India.
· 3rd BRICS SoE Forum on Governance and Reform (Durban)
The MoU was signed on 21st February, 2018 in New Delhi.
The first BRICS-BIMSTEC Outreach Summit will be held later today.
As one remembers Dinkar Ji his feelings inspire us even today.
But if we have read the instructions with due attention, we can cope well with it.
The Prime Minister underscored that terrorism continues to pose serious risk to peace and security in the region and beyond.
You will see this and this has begun.
Referring to his experiences around the world, the Prime Minister assured all the members that we can connect with the whole world with the help of all the Indian languages including Hindi.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi approved important proposals relating to modifications in the 7th CPC (Central Pay Commission) recommendations on pay and pensionary benefits in the course of their implementation.
You are a land of strong traditions.
The Project will provide surplus power to India and thus augment power availability in the country and would enable project works to proceed smoothly without interruption.
ii. The designated airlines of either country shall have the right to establish offices in the territory of the other country for the promotion end sale of air services.
In each moment you could feel the “Atal” in him, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to Sri Ramakrishna Paramhansa on his birth anniversary.
Describing terrorism as the enemy of humanity, the Prime Minister said that Shri Ram represents the best of humanity, and is an epitome of sacrifice and dedication.
• a real-time landslide warning system in the Sikkim-Darjeeling region.
Via video conference, the Prime Minister dedicated to the nation, the Bhanupratappur-Gudum Railway Line.
Signing of the MoU will open a new chapter in bilateral relations as both sides will now leverage complementary strengths spurred by a significant convergence of mutual interests in science and technology.
Addressing the jawans, the Prime Minister, said that like everyone else, he too wishes to spend Diwali with his family.
Monetary penalty for a medical college non-compliant with the norms replaced with provision for different penalty options
He said casteism and communalism will not help us.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved National Policy on Biofuels – 2018.
· The training programs, research activities and projects conducted by the Institute in partnership with public and private sector in the niche areas of Corporate Governance will enhance the skill sets resulting in increased employability of students as well as professionals.
Her good work for the people of Tamil Nadu will be remembered for generations.
They extend to our people and societies who take pride in our shared roots.
Only then can we realise the true benefits of these projects.
Situation in Mumbai is being continuously monitored.
Speaking on this occasion PM wished that Bundelkhand region will develop like Kutch in Gujarat which is similar to this region.
PM unveiled the state of art, super-speciality public hospital – Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences and Research in Ahmedabad.
This will help provide better health and maternity care for the weaker sections of the society.
My dear countrymen, the way people are coming forward and volunteering for social works is really inspirational and encouraging for all our countrymen.
Officials informed the Prime Minister that developmental activities shall be centred around basic infrastructure, tourism, agriculture (including organic agriculture and fisheries), and carbon-neutral energy generation.
The MoU will help to increase agriculture production and productivity by getting access to best practices and market worldwide.
Shri Shanmugaratnam was born in Nineteen Fifty Seven and is of Sri Lankan Tamil ancestry.
These five years were indeed decisive.
The emerging needs of the industry and the economy, as a whole for skilled technical manpower is expected to be met from the talent pool of trained personnel of the Institute.
But even after so many years not all villages of the country are connected with roads.
He said such initiatives will benefit farmers and help improve their incomes.
Friends, Today’s India is doing nothing small.
On the auspicious occasion of Navreh, my greetings to everyone celebrating.
Addressing a public meeting on the occasion, he said that Gujarat has come a long way from the days of the past, when it faced tremendous water shortage.
However, it is not enough if the securities markets are considered as successful by international investors or financial experts.
We stand in support with the Cuban Government and people in this tragic hour.
World Bank and IMF assess this trend to continue.
North East Road Network Connectivity Improvement Project (Phase 3) (I)
A law was passed in 2015 on disclosure of foreign bank accounts.
It will provide appropriate protection to investments on a reciprocal basis between ITA and TECC.
In this context, he mentioned the famous athlete Hima Das.
I am pleased that the India-EU Horizontal Civil Aviation Agreement has now been operationalized.
In response, the Prime Minister said that clarity of thought and conviction are essential.
To promote our thriving links with the diaspora in Mauritius, India had, in January this year, declared a special carve-out on OCI cards only for Mauritius.
The schemes included Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana, and Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, among many others.
Accordingly, they requested to transfer of the 5.99 acres land to them.
Best wishes for serving UP.
The target of prevalence of leprosy <1/one lakh population has been achieved nationally.
You can watch all the Lucknow programmes of PM live on your mobiles on http://nm4.in/dnldapp
In recently years, the role being played by the Election Commission ensures greater participation of people in political affairs.
Through this initiative the number of positions for doctoral-level, post-doctoral level researchers and early career scientists are expected to grow.
3. Introduction of new Time Related Continuity Allowance (TRCA) will be as below:
He said this target was recently accomplished in about 17,000 villages.
As UN Peacekeepers, they are bringing glory to the nation in the comity of nations.
I congratulate all the Pradhans who had assembled in Allahabad with this resolve from different States; they had come from Uttrakhand, from Uttar Pradesh, from Bihar, from Jharkhand and from West Bengal.
Government’s drive against corruption and middlemen will continue: PM
In this dangerous atmosphere, Adivasi women are becoming self reliant by driving e-rickshaws.
We thank Brazil for understanding India’s aspiration for membership of the Nuclear Suppliers’ Group.
An increase by 5% in recovery rate of original in-place volume in oil production is envisaged producing 120 MMT additional oil in next 20 years.
Addressing a public gathering, PM said that his government is working for a healthy India.
In a way, everyone is seen working towards the cause of cleanliness in a conscious manner.
He laid the foundation stone for extension of Terminal Building of Surat Airport which will lead to enhanced connectivity and prosperity in Surat and the Southern Gujarat region.
In this mutual and global pursuit I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner.
Indian and Israeli companies can also work together in high-technology manufacturing, and services sectors.
As countries with an inclusive outlook, we have agreed to cooperate closely to promote connectivity, infrastructure and capacity-building in the regions that occupy the inter-linked waters of the Indo-Pacific.
Any points shall be available as intermediate and beyond point for the designated carriers of India as well as the designated carriers of Greece.
But I want to repeat this for all fellow citizens as well.
He stressed on eliminating wastage in farm produce, and focus on food processing.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for signing a Joint Declaration of Intent (JDI) between India and Germany on cooperation in the field of Health.
The proposed amendment ensures representation of the Opposition Party in the Trust.
At the same time, work is also progressing with the same dedication to compile dictionary and common signs for my differently-abled brothers and sisters.
2. International Conference on Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM)
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the promulgation of the Central Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu & Kashmir) Ordinance, 2017 and replacement of the Ordinance by the Central Goods and Services Tax (Amendment) Bill, 2017.
Do it only if you can.
He was bestowed the honour by President Ashraf Ghani after the inauguration of the landmark Afghan-India Friendship Dam in Herat yesterday.
One of the reasons for high tariff of hydropower is the loading of cost of flood moderation and enabling infrastructure in the project cost.
LETTER OF INTENT between Lakshmibai National Institute of Physical Education (LNIPE) and University of Tsukuba, Japan
I will have the honour of calling on His Majesty King Felipe VI during this visit.
Mr. Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore, MOS (IC)/I&B and Youth Affairs & Sports
MoU on Material Testing Laboratory.
And in Tamil Nadu, where you are, it is Pongal.
They will require medical staff in large numbers.
It will help all the States and Union Territories of India to adopt uniform dam safety procedures which shall ensure safety of dams and safeguard benefits from such dams.
They connect the individual with society.
To build on our historical bonds, I propose that we declare 2019 as the ASEAN-India Year of Tourism.
From the dais, the dignitaries will launch commemorative postage stamps on Mahatma Gandhi, and a medley CD based on Mahatma Gandhi’s favourite hymn – “Vaishnav Jan.”
Improving delivery of services to the stakeholders using e-Governance is one of the major focuses of this Bill.
There will be detailed discussion on the Budget and I am sure the level of debate and discussion will be of good quality.
A heritage that connects our societies across generations and through centuries.
It will also help India in increasing foreign tourist arrivals from Malta.
The approximate non-recurring expenditure for strengthening of institute is estimated at Rs. 150 crore and annual recurring expenditure is estimated at Rs. 45- 50 crore.
7. Procurement of health equipment and pharmaceutical products;
Countries and world leaders have changed their perspective towards India.
They will then proceed to Delhi on 25th January and witness the Republic Day Parade at New Delhi on 26th January 2019.
These include: Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban); Atal Mission for Rejuvenation of Urban Transfornation (AMRUT); and the Smart Cities Mission.
It’s a matter of pride for all Indians that today as the rising sun will progress on its journey, as the sunrays will reach the earth and light is spread, in all those places people will welcome the sun with Yoga.
“Extremely distressed by the loss of lives caused by the bus accident in Ratlam, MP.
“India’s contingent at the 2018 Commonwealth Games has made every Indian extremely proud.
From the time of the Upanishads persons with knowledge have been respected through the ages.
PM to visit the Padmanabhaswamy Temple in Thiruvananthapuram
There have been efforts towards increasing employment, poverty alleviation, and development.
It will thus improve transparency in tax matters and will help curb tax evasion and tax avoidance.
We should have implicit faith in the people.
In the Telecom sector, the role of the Department of Telecommunications has transformed from primarily being a Service provider, Regulator and Policy maker into the present structure whereby the Department is primarily responsible for Policy making, Licensing and Universal Service Obligation.
The MoU takes care of concerns and requirements in the field of exchange of experience by legal professionals, government functionaries and their training and effective legal aid mechanism for resolution of disputes before various Courts, Tribunals, etc. and proposes establishment of Joint Consultative Committees.
State Committee on Dam Safety
It is public money and must be used for public welfare but it ought not be wasted, it must be well spent.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of using latest available technology, to streamline the process, and reach global standards in this regard.
The Resolution Corporation would protect the stability and resilience of the financial system; protecting the consumers of covered obligations up to a reasonable limit; and protecting public funds, to the extent possible.
He said it has become a platform for sharing experiences, which leads to good inputs for policy planning.
Witnessing the journey that Atal ji started, we while continuing onwards on that very path with a renewed joy will derive great satisfaction in getting ahead.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries.
If the world has to grow as a whole,there has to be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
He asked CEOs to partner with Government to build momentum in this regard.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased and prayers with those injured”, the Prime Minister said.
As you all know, India is now the world’s largest manufacturer of cut and polished diamonds.
He asked the people to resolve to end ten shortcomings within themselves, each Dussehra.
“Congratulations to ISRO on its 40th successful Polar satellite launch carrying 31 satellites from 15 countries.
The Prime Minister will address a public gathering on this occasion.
Women’s skills development and empowerment
The front entrance looks similar to India Gate, while the two domes are on the lines of Rashtrapati Bhavan.
E-governance is no longer just a fancy buzzword, but a basic facility.
“Esteemed Principal, Prime Minister Sir, my respectful greetings to you.
I too am eager to know more about your efforts.
PM laid Foundation Stone of Piped Water Scheme for the rural areas of Bundelkhand Region.
Therefore, instead of attainment, Yoga shows us the path to liberation, or Mukti, as we call it in this part of the world.
The two dignitaries discussed the shared commitment of India and Egypt to strengthen bilateral engagement.
“My prayers and solidarity with those who lost their loved ones in the unfortunate bus accident in Uttarkashi.
I hope that ASEAN nations, as our neighbours and friends, will be an integral part of New India’s transformation.
As the world begins to re-order itself a quarter century after the strategic clarity of the Cold War, the dust has not yet settled on what has replaced it.
The Prime Minister added that these facilities will also attract tourists.
Since then it has been a very successful journey.
North-East is going to host the Sports University.
Check posts have been removed from the borders of many states and the movement of trucks has become easier.
During our interactions today with the President, we reviewed all the dimensions of our relations.
They are creating thousands of jobs and promoting the Philippines services sector world-wide.
He said India’s participation as a guest country in SPIEF and his address there tomorrow would further deepen economic cooperation between the two nations.
You form a unique bond between our two great nations.
We would also be happy to share best practises in organic farming with Kenyan farmers.
*Spur its economic and development activity,
I have already referred to what has been done in public sector banks.
It is proposed to re-develop the infrastructure of AIIMS, New Delhi by consolidating the Patient Care, Teaching, Research, Administration and support services in areas in the East Ansari Nagar (Main) Campus and residential facilities from East Ansari Nagar (Main Campus) to Trauma Centre Extension (New Rajnagar) Campus.
Shri Modi said that along with ‘Shwet Kranti’ (White Revolution) there is also a ‘Sweet Kranti’ (Sweet Revolution) as people are now being trained about honey products.
The project is expected to be completed in the next 5 years during 13th Plan period.
India’s relations with Việt Nam are marked by growing economic and commercial engagement.
These projects are spread over several states including Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Maharashtra, Odisha, Chandigarh, Andhra Pradesh, Delhi, Gujarat, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh.
Every time I come to Uganda, I am enchanted by this “Pearl of Africa”.
At the same time remember, that there are many opportunities in this country.
That is why the impact is seen, earlier these teams were splintered.
He said their work helps establish the country’s corporate culture.
The MoU was signed in three originals each in Hindi, English and French language.
The Prime Minister mentioned several occasions in the recent past, when people from various walks of life had come forward to help the poor.
He asked the people to encourage all tourists to visit this Centre.
The century has changed and so must the systems in our Railways, the Prime Minister asserted, adding that he is confident that the team that we have can achieve this.
Based on the consultation with NSE, BSE, Banks and Department of Post, features of product to emulate ‘On Tap’ sale would be finalised by Ministry of Finance.
Subsequently, the Finance Minister in the Budget Speech 2017-18 had announced that the draft bill to curtail the menace of illicit deposit schemes had been placed in the public domain and would be introduced shortly after its finalisation.
Rather, it will give you the strength and confidence to try harder and better the next time.
The Prime Minister said that organizations such as IMF and Moody’s, today appear confident and optimistic about India’s future.
He recalled that Swami Vivekananda said that only rituals will not connect an individual to divinity; he said that ‘Jan Seva’ is ‘Prabhu Seva.’
Go to settlements in your neighborhood, go to nearby villages, but do this in the form of a movement.
My thoughts are with the families of deceased.
At the community level, the Prime Minister said that it is important to emphasise on top quality education for youngsters.
The Coast Guard has provided 42 teams; 2 helicopters and 2 ships.
President Temer’s visit provides an important occasion to work on a roadmap to achieve this.
Mahatma Gandhi is revered in South Korea as an icon of world peace.
My dear countrymen, we often hear that in, times to come, the world will face a war because of water.
On the occasion of the birth anniversary of Dr. Ambedkar from April 14 to May 5 ‘Gram-Swaraj Abhiyan,’ is being organized.
He highlighted the importance of the “4 Ps” in making the world clean: Political Leadership, Public Funding, Partnerships, and People’s participation.
The Prime Minister said that the ninth announcementis on simplification of government procedures.
Friends, there are different definitions for the term ‘tax return’.
Even a child at home preferred either for Rs.1000 or Rs. 500 note instead of Rs. 100 as then that was taken as having no worth.
The Prime Minister released two books: one on Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar, and one titled “Nine Gems of Indian Cooperative Movement.”
Thank you, Mr. President, for your invitation and for naming this dam as Afghanistan-India Friendship Dam.
d) Digitization of records, storage and display of historical records.
It is helping response agencies in quickly organizing themselves, and enabling citizens to connect more easily with authorities.
Friends, Irrespective of their background and profession, the welfare and safety of all Indians abroad is our top priority.
These bodies are member owner grass root institutions, which provide collective bargaining powers to small and marginal farmers.
How far we have come, how hard we have worked, with what kind of good intention, with what kind of sacrifices we have achieved this, we can only understand all this when we understand the difficulties faced by our parents in the earlier time.
Spiritual leaders and citizens from Patna Sahib Gurudwara and Dadi Jankiji from Mt Abu, also interacted with the PM.
The main objective of the decision is to enable the State Governments to issue control order with the prior concurrence of Central Government, for fixing stock limits/licensing requirements in respect of sugar, whenever need is felt by them.
Ranchi-Patna AC Weekly Express train was inaugurated on this occasion.
An MoU was signed to this effect between India and South Africa in May 2018.
Announcing the launch of the website http://gallantryawards.gov.in/ in a series of tweets, the Prime Minister said the portal will preserve and tell the stories of our bravest men and women, civilians as well as armed forces personnel.
In order to tackle the problem of shortage of doctors, low joining and high attrition rate in Central Health Service, Union Cabinet in its meeting held on 15.06.2016, approved increase in age of superannuation of doctors of the Central Health Service to 65 years.
I am told, that the Ministry of Earth Sciences is working to launch a Deep Ocean Mission to explore, understand and harness this resource in a responsible way.
Till now, I have reviewed more than 250 projects worth about 12 lakh crore rupees under PRAGATI.
The India Myanmar Friendship Bridge was also reviewed.
The cooperation under this MoC will involve:
Code of Criminal Procedure 1973 by insertion of Section 86A.
He said while resources had to be harnessed, exploitation of tribals could not be allowed.
He said several Indians have played a key role in Uganda’s politics as well.
The Prime Minister asked officers to come up with a time-bound solution to ‘tax raised and not realised’, and asserted that the honest cannot continue to pay the price for the misdeeds of the dishonest.
The bidding criterion has been changed to revenue sharing.
1. Expanding opportunities for the development of business cooperation in the field of medical equipment, including equipment for teaching and research laboratories of institutions of medical education, and pharmaceutical products; 2.
The procurement expenditure and losses due to procurement will be borne by Central Government as per norms.
For the first time I would like to reveal something to you that would startle the whole country.
Ladies and gentlemen!
Phase- 2 will comprise of two corridors of total length 28.254 kms.
My dear countrymen, India has always advanced on the path of progress in the spirit of Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas… inclusive development for all.
But if we don’t have any trust in our own strength and capabilities then no one will accept it.
While talking casually over food, almost people from all parties said that the central and state elections must be held together.
No martyr, no family is an exception to that.
18. The Sides emphasized that infrastructure development is an important national priority for both countries offering immense opportunities for cooperation.
He said that Ministries were adapting many of the outcomes of this exercise.
The Prime Minister stated that the people of India aspire for a ‘Shaktimaan Bharat’ (Strong India) and building a New India.
48. The Sides declared their support to Afghan government’s efforts towards the realization of an Afghan-led, and Afghan-owned national peace reconciliation process.
Indian companies hold strong business interests in South Africa.
Science must meet the rising aspirations of our people.
In this context, he appreciated the clarity of thought, and faith in conviction, in the presentations today.
In a major boost to the highway infrastructure in Tamil Nadu, PM will lay the foundation Stone for the four laning of Vikravandi- Sethiyathopu section, Sethiyathopu – Cholopuram section and Cholopuram-Thanjavur section of NH-45C.
I see Gopi Chand ji today as an excellent teacher besides being a very accomplished player.
The Prime Minister encouraged them to talk on various aspects of their day-to-day life.
Further, the MoU will facilitate in improving rehabilitation of persons with disabilities especially for persons with intellectual disability and mental illness in both the countries.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
I believe that the discussions at this forumwill go a long way in benefitting the world citizens in accessingclean, affordable and sustainable energy.
I strongly condemn this dastardly attack.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Puducherry.
We need to further accelerate this track.
But I can say for sure that it was a good experiment.
Daily we hear about the various innovative efforts in this direction.
I do believe that by doing so more and more people will get to know about our heroes who brought a change in society.
Addressing the Inaugural Ceremony of National Youth Festival 2018 at the Gautam Buddha University, Greater Noida, the Prime Minister began by congratulating ISRO on the successful launch of PSLV-C40.
He was a strong voice for Karnataka’s welfare, at the state and central level.
Talking about human resource development, the Prime Minister said focused skill development is vital, as India has the potential to fulfil the global requirement of human resources in the future.
She helped publication of Basu’s research and publicity through her articles and conferences.
He will dedicate the 400kV double circuit Silchar-Imphal line.
The Government of India is most sensitive to the safety and well-being of fishermen.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
We acknowledge their concerns and have made efforts to address these issues.
My advice to them is to see that their business results into socio–economic transformation of this great country.
Further, in the last week of March 2018, a Letter of Intent (LOI) was signed between Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) represented by Chairman, ISRO and the Government of the Republic of Sao-Tome and Principe represented by its Minister for Foreign Affairs and Communities on installation and operation of a ground station in Sao-Tome and Principe for Indian space programme.
I have had the honour of paying tributes at the Neuve-Chapelle Memorial in France and at the memorial in Israel’s Haifa, places associated with India’s role in the First World War.
Excellency, your visit will provide crucial push to our efforts to build new pillars in our partnership.
However, HarivanshJi will certainly be able to do this thing.
But, walls within nations, a sentiment against trade and migration, and rising parochial and protectionist attitudes across the globe are also in stark evidence.
9th November, 2016 will be remembered as the opening day of corruption free movement in the history of India.
The Prime Minister said that the role of media is important in the making of New India, and in creating a constructive atmosphere.
The Prime Minister welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
i. Developing human resource, research and project promotion for health self-management such as ME-BYO and Ayurveda; and
Friends, in my view and in the vision of my govt. the scope of Consumer Protection is very broad.
And some day, the Pundits of Economics, Pundits of Management and Pundits of Technology, will certainly undertake researches and write about India’s GST experiment as a model for the world.
3. We remember the great women and men who worked hard for India’s freedom.
I hope you ended the festive season of Diwali with joy and new hope.
22 January 2019 – Inauguration of PBD convention by Prime Minister in presence of Prime Minister of Mauritius, Pravind Jugnauth.
Our strongest area is diamond cutting and polishing.
Why not worship them first?
In 2 years, we have managed to overcome the odds and register an impressive economic performance.
In fact during the last three years it has become the third largest source of Foreign Direct Investments.
You may recall the economic situation in May 2014 when you entrusted us with an onerous responsibility.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and South Korea on cooperation in Applied Science and Industrial Technology.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Kalaburagi in Karnataka and Kancheepuram in Tamil Nadu tomorrow.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the Indian Blind cricket team for winning the T20 World Cup in Bengaluru.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the renewal of Long Term Agreements (LTAs) for supply of iron ore (lumps and fines) of grade +64% Fe content to Japanese Steel Mills (JSMs) and POSCO, South Korea for another five years (i.e. 1.4.2018 upto 31.3.2023) through MMTC Limited.
The Prime Minister said that the New India that is being built with the inspiration of these great leaders, has development at its core.
He had earlier dedicated the Kochi Metro to the nation in June, and the Hyderabad Metro in November.
These projects are spread over several states including Uttar Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Haryana, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Jharkhand, Odisha, and West Bengal.
India took the stand that the DDA must continue after the Nairobi Conference and no new issues must be introduced into the WTO agenda until the DDA has been completed.
Keeping in view of the growth in the civil aviation sector and also with a view to modernize and improve seamless air connectivity between the two sovereign nations, the existing Air Services Agreement between India and Morocco has been updated.
Highlights:
This will resolve their problems of cash cycle.
The scheme is expected to encourage foreign investment in India and facilitate Make in India Programme.
3. Planning and execution of Technical seminar or forum;
Budgetary outlay for the schemes related to women’s and children welfare has been enhanced.
Like the rich fabric of your society, India too has a long-standing tradition of celebrating its vibrant diversity.
We wanted to bring a legislation in this session of Parliament itself to free Muslim women from this evil system.
But Tabaabi Devi created history by bagging the silver medal at the youth Olympics.
About 11.91 lakh non-gazetted Railway employees are likely to benefit from the decision.
The Prime Minister also emphasized that soil health cards should be printed in the local dialect of the area, so that the farmers are able to read and understand them easily.
And immediately after that, our troops flew to Kashmir… we’ve seen how our Army was successful.
“We are appalled by the horrific incident in Munich.
Why don’t we share our experiences with other people to impart a momentum to this endeavour and create a kind of atmosphere for it for an entire year?
Today, as we live in the 21st century, which Indian wouldn’t want to see India change, which Indian wouldn’t want to be a partner in the transformation of the country!
• Our two countries have the unique benefit of opposite seasons
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Indian contingent for their excellent performance in Asian Games 2018.
It is played with cowries or tamarind seeds or dice on an eight by eight square board.
Prime Minister Modi expressed India’s readiness to supply rice, sugar and soya bean to meet Indonesia’s requirements.
GST is in a way is like our railways with state and Centre playing equal role in its operations.
He has used Mahatma Gandhi’s teachings to mobilize people and to further the mission of creating a New India.
Independent India has also sent one of the largest numbers of UN Peace-Keepers to places all over the world.
7. For giving policy directions and fostering coordination between Centre and States, it is proposed to set up Ayushman Bharat National Health Protection Mission Council (AB-NHPMC) at apex level Chaired by Union Health and Family Welfare Minister.
Responding to questions in a townhall style interaction, the Prime Minister said that it is essential to step out of our comfort zone.
The country salutes the indomitable courage of Meenaji, wife of Martyr PrasannaSahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
This is why our civilization stands tall, overcoming obstacles.
My best wishes to all our athletes for their future endeavours.
Friends, today we are in process of enacting a new Consumer Protection Act keeping in view the business practices and requirements of the country.
The country is governed by peace, harmony and unity.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Memorandum of Cooperation between India and Finland on Environmental Cooperation.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that democracy’s greatest strength is harmony and amity (मेल मिलाप).
The new terminal building will be having a capacity of 3 million passengers per annum which will not only enhance the airport capacity but also provide convenience to general public.
The signed MoU will provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth, satellite navigation, space science and exploration of outer space.
He recalled that Indian soldiers had played a key role in the liberation of Haifa during the first world war.
And the whole world knows that party.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has tweeted his prayers for all those people who are affected due to the adverse weather conditions caused by Cyclone Vardah.
Friends, do you really feel that this is for the first time when the GDP growth of the country has reached to the level of 5.7% in a quarter?
His tremendous experience and wisdom has benefitted the nation greatly.
Cooperation Memorandum Relating to Credit Ratings
The other main features of the proposal are as follows:
Let Science and Technology become a strong tool of inclusive development and betterment of the weakest and poorest segments of our society.
Health care is one area that immediately comes to mind.
Addressing the enthusiastic and vociferous gathering, the Prime Minister conveyed his greetings from Lucknow to all those joining the Yoga Day celebrations across India.
Travel without ticket
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings on World Radio Day to all those associated with the world of radio, which includes those working in the industry and the listeners.
The MoU establishes a broad and flexible framework through which both countries can exchange best practices and work together on training programs and technical exchanges to raise awareness on IPRs and better protect intellectual property rights (IPRs).
Driving despite disqualification
In deference to the plea of the petitioner in the aforesaid CA, the Election Commission submitted that it has no objection to the introduction of VVPAT Units for conduct of free, fair and transparent elections.
One can never forget the contribution of Babasaheb towards the welfare of the working class.
His strong stand against the Emergency, public service and commitment to a better India will always be remembered.
It is symbol of our friendship and would usher in hope, light up homes, nourish the fertile fields of Herat and bring prosperity to the people of the region.
Rita Teotia, Secretary (Commerce)
The policy proposes to work pro-actively with the industry including MSME to facilitate tenfold increase opportunities in the country by 2020-20.
To further enhance cooperation with various countries, particularly in view of the new initiatives taken by Government of India like “Digital India”, “Make in India” etc., there is an increased need for exploring business opportunities in the technology sector which are of interest.
Under the leadership of Bapu and the revolutionaries, many heroes, many satyagrahis, brave men and women and youth participated in the freedom struggle of the country.
It will also result in the repealing of the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation Act, 1961 to transfer the deposit insurance powers and responsibilities to the Resolution Corporation.
Shri Narendra Modi spoke of the importance of Jan Dhan Yojana for financial inclusion; Van Dhan Yojana for empowering tribal communities; and Gobar-Dhan Yojana for making farmers more self reliant, besides converting waste into energy.
Such events gained more popularity with the passage of time.
This time much emphasis is being laid on cleanliness during Kumbh.
Illustrious sons of Mother India, such as BirsaMunda have come into being in each & every part of the country.
The continuation of the Mission would enable all adults/households of the country to have atleast a basic bank account with access to other financial services, social security schemes and overdraft upto Rs. 10,000.
He attended the 350th birth anniversary celebrations of Guru Gobind Singh in Patna on January 5, 2017 and released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
The MoU intends to foster active cooperation and exchange between private entities, Governments, institutions involved in enhancing capacity building and other public and private organisations of the two countries in the field of ICT and Digital Economy.
My mind is filled with memories of working with M Venkaiah Naidu Garu, in the Party & Government.
The MoU was signed in April, 2017 between Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India and Information and Communication Technology Division of Bangladesh.
The central assistance is provided to the State Governments / UT Administrations under the Centrally Sponsored Scheme (CSS) for development of Infrastructure Facilities for Judiciary for construction of court halls and residential units for Judicial Officers / Judges of District and Subordinate Courts.
I spoke to UP CM Yogi Adityanath Ji regarding the situation due to the collapse of an under-construction flyover in Varanasi.
The Prime Minister said that the inland water-way would save time and money, reduce congestion on roads, reduce the cost of fuel, and reduce vehicular pollution.
The two leaders also discussed regional and global issues of mutual interest.
41. Under Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana, 30 projects have been completed while work is on for 50 more projects.
The citation on the reverse of the medal reads: “nishan-e dawlati Ghazi Amir Amanullah Khan”, or “State Order of Ghazi Amir Amanullah Khan.”
My dear countrymen, today from the ramparts of the Red Fort, I am delighted to share a good news.
d. Aviation associated consultations, joint organization and/or conduct of conferences and professional seminars, workshops, talks and other such activities on aviation safety with the participation of representatives from the Parties related to the field of civil aviation; and / or
What happened was that whatever was inside, came out immediately and the reason was that you were now relaxed.
Disbursement of training cost to training partners will be linked to Aadhaar and biometrics for better transparency and targeting.
A time-tested commitment to eradicate black money
-Friends, these things happen when the confidence among the people of the country grows up.
The minimum support price for many crops has been increased to more than 1.5 times the input costs.
Creating an enabling environment for business and attracting investments remains my top priority.
Core of the Core Schemes
The Gangajal programme has a project cost of Rs. 2880 Crore.
vi. The Union Election Commission of Myanmar; and
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated several Government projects at Silvassa, Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
Friends, Chartered Accountants are like ambassadors of any country’s economic system.
It has resulted in the estimated savings worth Rs. 14,000 crores to the middle class families in just one year.
The pious occasion of Christmas reminds us of the great teachings of Jesus Christ who laid much emphasis on the spirit of service, ‘Sewa bhaav’.
The plan is based on the four priority themes of the “Sendai Framework,” namely: understanding disaster risk, improving disaster risk governance, investing in disaster risk reduction (through structural and non-structural measures) and disaster preparedness, early warning and building back better in the aftermath of a disaster.
Many big countries have strongly condemned this terror attack, have stood behind India and expressed support for India.
The Prime Minister said that in order to increase farmers’ incomes, the Union Government has already increased MSP for 22 crops.
I think that the world that was behind us, has gone ahead.
He expressed happiness that parents and teachers too are part of this programme.
On Citizenship Bill, PM urged people not be carried away by the rumours related to the citizenship bill.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke at the closing session of the Conference of Governors at Rashtrapati Bhawan.
We are taking a leap towards next generation infrastructure in both core areas and social sectors.
This session is significant as it begins just ahead of 15th August when we remember the great freedom fighters who laid down their lives for the country.
This extension will provide improved access to public transport for dense population comprising predominantly industrial workers to move towards the central business district of the city for work.
From the dais, the dignitaries launched commemorative postage stamps on Mahatma Gandhi, and a medley CD based on Mahatma Gandhi’s favourite hymn – “Vaishnav Jana To.”
My dear countrymen, on 1st February 2017, Indian Coast Guard is completing 40 years.
This was common in the past.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
He said the Government is making every effort to ensure good connectivity to Prayagraj.
The Prime Minister reviewed a photo exhibit showcasing flood tolerant rice varieties; drought tolerant rice varieties; salinity tolerant rice varieties; and IRRI’s work with women farming cooperatives.
He who donates a tree, that tree in return becomes a ladder to salvation just like children.
It has been our biggest shortcoming and mistake that we have been tagging ourselves with another country and trying to do things.
The Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance, Bill 2017 when enacted, will pave the way for setting up of the Resolution Corporation.
The lease of land is for a period of 55 years.
Post liberalization of the Indian economy, this will be the highest rate of average growth and lowest rate of average inflation witnessed during the period of any government, he added.
Welcoming the delegates to the Conference, the Prime Minister said that while many people may have left India over the course of hundreds of years, India continues to have a place in their minds and hearts.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for continuation of the scheme on Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA) for another three financial years (FYs 2017-18 to 2019-20) and providing Grants-in-aid of Rs.18 crore to the Institute.
Foundation stone for New Greenfield Airport in Itanagar and Sela Tunnel laid
Another five, he said, are in progress.
Interacting with beneficiaries and store owners from over 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that in order to ensure the availability of high quality medicines at lower prices, Government had taken two major steps.
The earlier contract is expiring on 24th March 2017.
Friends, we have made some forward movement on having a separate Ministry for traders and business people.
Our economic partnership is still below its full potential.
As a researcher, I have been specially interested in Financial Inclusion.
Let me also talk about defence and security.
We want to forge a lasting partnership:
· Better purchasing power;
Expressing concern at the situation in Kashmir valley, members of the delegation said that only Prime Minister Narendra Modi can resolve the issue.
Later in the day, PM inaugurated a state of the art super speciality, Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus Hospital in Surat.
Come, let’s move forward with the mantra, Teach to Transform.
Today, I publicly express my heartfelt gratitude to all MP’s.
The Bill proposes that the State Government can specify a multiplier, not less than one and not greater than ten, to be applied to each fine under this Act and such modified fine.
PM will lay the foundation stone of doubling of 425 km long Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsen-Khairar railway lines.
Even in many Islamic countries this practice does not exist.
· Early Registration of Pregnancy.
He will inaugurate, and lay the foundation stone, of several major highway projects.
This will provide additional comfort to investors and businesses.
Friends, till recently Indian importers had to go abroad to view and purchase rough diamonds.
And such experiments are done by many people.
8. The Cabinet also approved the recommendation of the Commission to enhance the ceiling of House Building Advance from Rs. 7.50 lakh to 25 lakh.
Many productive recommendations have come out of your deliberations.
And, let us be guided by the Ugandan saying that is – “Anayejitahidi hufaidi” which means “one who makes the extra effort will benefit”.
He said Yoga has become a mass movement.
It will replace the existing system and also connect to the trunk sewers being implemented under AMRUT Mission.
In the area of livelihood and capacity building, we have set up vocational training centres and 10 English language training centres and labs to help impart suitable skill sets.
“Condolences to those who lost their loved ones due to the bus accident in Cuttack, Odisha.
He will also inaugurate and lay foundation stone of several development projects in Haryana.
You have marched on regardless of adversity and converted challenges into opportunity.
“Congratulations on the historic triple century Karun Nair!
During the visit, I will have also the opportunity to pay a call on His Majesty the Emperor.
My many felicitations and best wishes to you.
You must have seen the editorials in American newspapers after my visit to that country.
Passports Act, 1967; and
He gave examples from sanitation to tax base, to show the transformation over four years.
Today Cabinet Chaired by Hon’ble Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the bill.
These people write a letter in such style that it seems perfect.
He added that despite all the difficulties, a dedicated team of people worked hard to ensure that the dream of electrifying every village is achieved.
With variations this tradition is still ongoing.
India is a big country with the world’s second largest population.
In addition, 45% of the start-up are set up by women.
The program also follows a certain criteria in choosing who the beneficiaries should be.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
At times, political developments and political people assume such overriding prominence that other talents and courageous deeds get overshadowed.
I congratulate you in advance for Dipawali and Chhath Puja.
States have been given more flexibility in utilization of NRDWP funds by reducing the number of components under the programme.
This section is a part of 190 km long Hubli – Chikjajur Doubling project and is located on Bengaluru – Hubballi route of South Western Railway.
Next point is about, food processing, value addition.
Six groups of officers made presentations on the themes of nutrition, education, basic infrastructure, agriculture and water resources, eradication of Left Wing Extremism and financial inclusion and skill development.
77. We stress the importance of enhancing BRICS financial cooperation to better serve the real economy and meet the development needs of BRICS countries.
Association with AMF TCP will help MoP&NG in furthering its efforts in identification & deployment of suitable fuels for transport sector in respect of higher efficiency and lesser emissions.
(iv)The Capital at charge of the Railways estimated at Rs.2.27 lakh crore on which annual dividend is paid by the Railways will be wiped off.
It is true that festivals express the vitality of a society.
So will this campaign of posting pictures of three generations together performing yoga will evoke curiosity across the nation as well as across the world.
The traders will run their business activities smoothly and will also have an opportunity to win rewards.
Friends, this is a first of its kind conference in this part of the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his fourteenth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
There are many Mantras, but the Mantra which is identified with Lord Shiva, is called Maha-Mrityunjayi Mantra.
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of sewerage network project for the western part of Agra. under AMRUT scheme.
Discussions also focused on last mile connectivity and distribution, in both urban and rural areas.
This change in environment has been recognized by both domestic and foreign investors.
In her run, you can see the grit and power just shine through.
I like to face the problems.
I am sure that the deliberations in this meeting will go a long way in providing direction to the development of the region.
Many congratulation to these two sisters.
Serving the old and the aged, and helping the needy have been her childhood passions.
2. Allied and Healthcare Professionals (A&HPs) constitute an important element of the health human resource network, and the skilled and efficient Allied and Healthcare Professionals (A&HPs) can reduce the cost of care and dramatically improve the accessibility to quality driven healthcare services.
The photo showed that a grandson was participating in the Clean Morna River along with his grandfather.
It’s an era of Wi-Fi, How to digitalise Rajkot through Wi-Fi, through Digital India?
5. We reaffirm our commitment to the principles of mutual respect, sovereign equality, democracy, inclusiveness and strengthened collaboration.
He said that over the last three years as Prime Minister, the Union Government is making progressive decisions on all fronts.
They welcomed the engagement of U.S. private sector companies in India’s Smart City program.
It will lead to greater inclusiveness and will make the transgender persons productive members of the society.
May Almighty bless him with a long and healthy life devoted to the service of our nation .
He said BHU will work with AIIMS to develop a world class health institute.
He pointed out that India has target of generating 175 Giga Watts of renewable energy by 2022, and added that India is setting up more power generation capacity in renewable energy sector than in thermal.
And, she has said that a letter from the Prime Minister was no less than a Padma Shree honour for her.
The Protocol amending Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA) aims to update Article 26 (Exchange of Information) of the DTAA to international standards.
I would like to reiterate our main steps and our policy in respect of Kashmir:
3.President Enrique Peña Nieto elaborated on the structural reforms undertaken in Mexico to promote economic growth and development.
On the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti today, Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated a Health and Wellness Centre, to mark the launch of the Union Government’s ambitious Health Assurance Programme – Ayushman Bharat.
He will lay the foundation stone for the four laning of the Falakata – Salsalabari section of NH -31 D there.
12. Research and training of food industry operators;
He exhorted them to ensure that the nutritional assistance being made available to beneficiaries is used judiciously.
Best of luck.
Post placement support would be given directly to the beneficiaries through Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Ground Breaking Ceremony of Navi Mumbai International Airport.
I was not born with an aim to be in history books.
All these will increase the scope for economic linkages, and contribute to the overall economic growth and development of the North-Eastern Region.
Expectation on the part of parents and teachers is the root cause of the problem.
It includes 3 major bridges over the Ashtamudi Lake, having a total length of 1540 metres.
She endured several challenges in life and went on to enter Olympics final, missing a medal only by a whisker.
I see Aizawl wearing a colorful and festive look, and fully geared up for celebrating Christmas.
Can you imagine, a scheme announced on first February has become a reality in the same month itself.
Architecturally, it has taken inspiration from several national landmarks.
These are milestones of progress we can build upon.
We direct the BIMSTEC Network of National Centres of Coordination in Traditional Medicine and its Task Force to expand and deepen cooperation in this sector.
Union Minister Shri Nitin Gadkari and CM of Maharashtra Shri Devendra Fadnavis was also present on the occasion.
It will provide all weather connectivity to Tawang Valley and reduce the travel time to Tawang by an hour.
Skill Development is a national priority for India and the United Kingdom and a key part of the bilateral partnership.
Later, at DLW campus, the Prime Minister will interact with students of Kashi Vidyapeeth, and children assisted by them.
5. harvesting and valuation of rainfall water and resilience and adaptation to climate
6. I have just completed two years in office.
The Department of Posts had obtained the “in-principle approval” of the RBI in September 2015 to set up the India Post Payments Bank.
Let these people be your God.
We congratulated and supported the Argentine Presidency for G20 in 2018 and expressed our gratitude at the hospitality provided.
Shri Ratan Tata, in his welcome address, thanked the Prime Minister for his support, cooperation and vision towards affordable healthcare and cancer research.
I particularly appreciate your active interest in advancing the substance of our engagement.
He said that Atal ji showed through his life, how life should be, and what its purpose should be.
AIM selects each beneficiary through open, competitive, online applications, and disburses grants directly.
After its mandatory trials, the Prime Minister inspected the locomotive and flagged it off.
Renewed emphasis on credibility, brings us to the subject of introspection.
It would also enable greater regional economic prosperity.
• Memorandum of Understanding on Cultural Cooperation
Everyone was thrilled for the fact that despite there being competition, the ultimate medal winner had to be India.
Prices of stents, knee surgeries and medicines are coming down.
These three heroes inspire us to this day.
Such marathons augur well for the health of people.
· We have done substantial improvement on Ease of doing business.
The success of our partnership owes greatly to the personal interest taken by His Highness Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, President of UAE and His Highness Sheikh Mohammed.
Shri Modi pointed out the various steps taken by the Union Government to strengthen the Gas infrastructure in the country,especially increasing the number of LNG terminals, creating nation-wide Gas Grid and creation of City Gas Distribution Network.
They were marked by the warmth of our ties over two and a half decades.
He said public participation should lead to a matching of the aspirations of people, with schemes of Governments.
In this context he mentioned the soil health cards, the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana, and the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana.
The Prime Minister addressed an audience of over 10,000 people, drawn from Self Help Groups, Panchayats, water conservation innovators, and beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
“Will be in Gujarat for a two day visit starting tomorrow.
Calling elections as the celebrations of democracy the Prime Minister has also urged every eligible voters to exercise their franchise and called upon the youth to register as voters when they turn 18.
Under Article 280 (1) of the Constitution,it is a Constitutional obligation.
And, our economic ties are now increasingly driven by new partnerships of innovation in the digital economy.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and I have noted the success of our capacity building and training initiatives.
For 1EC, up to 5% of the total project cost can be spent at State/District levels and 3% at Central level.
He said that when one competes with one’s own past record, then pessimism and negativity can easily be defeated.
This facility will enable the agreed amount of Capital being available to India on tap for use.
Due to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, there are now 3.5 lakh open defecation free villages in India and the sanitation coverage has increased by 38%.
This is not just from now but the direction was fixed within the first few months of our governance.
He said that he was speaking to as many as 10 crore people across the country, through various platforms.
From agricultural fields to the sports arena, our women are holding the Indian Tricolor high.
Undoubtedly, she did so.
Our companies have to evolve from a buyer-seller framework to deeper engagement.
Local Jews once placed in each coffin a handful of earth from Shingli/Cranganore that was remembered as a holy place & a “second Jerusalem”.
These two art forms, one Portuguese and the other Indian, are wonderful examples of our cultural affinities.
I am reiterating the same, once again.
Let us all work together to build a New India, which would make our great freedom fighters proud.
Constitution of an Organized Group ‘A’ Service would attract the best talents available and bring in technically qualified Material Managers.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri Manohar Parrikar on being sworn in as Chief Minister of Goa.
Never before, India was so much ready for business.
The countries of South, Central, South East and East Asia are proud of their Buddhist links traced to the land of Buddha.
Because if the treatment is abandoned halfway, it would benefit the bacteria.
A mother is someone who is unconditionally inclusive.
The substance of our strategic partnership covers all three major segments of ASEAN activities-security, economic and socio-cultural.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved setting up of GST Council and setting up its Secretariat as per the following details:
Expanding membership will lead to ISA initiative benefitting the world at large.
From Mahatma Gandhi to Sardar Patel, there are many great leaders who gave us the direction towards the 20th and 21st century, led us, guided us and faced so many hardships for the country.
· BRICS Conference on Development Finance in Africa (Nelson Mandela University, Port Elizabeth)
World Bank, IMF and other institutions have projected even better growth in the coming days.
Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters.
“I consider myself fortunate to be present at this celebration of the 125th anniversary of the address by Swami Vivekanand in Chicago.
You come from a land that is very familiar to us.
The Railway tankers carrying water to Rajkot used to become headlines in newspapers across the country.
The BTA essentially aims to formalise the existing procedure for cooperation on the return of irregular migrants between the two countries without introducing any additional obligations or exacting timeframes.
As such, let you actions guide and lead others to:
I have very fond memories from my two visits to Sri Lanka as Prime Minister.
In so far as India is concerned, the Central Government is authorized under Section 90 of the Income Tax Act, 1961 to enter into an Agreement with a foreign country or specified territory for avoidance of double taxation of income for exchange of information for the prevention of evasion or avoidance of income-tax chargeable under the Income-tax Act, 1961.
In my interactions with world leaders and CEOs, I have always maintained that Oil and Gas are not only a commodity of trade but also of necessity.
44. Prime Minister thanked the Saudi leadership for designating India as the ‘Guest of Honour’ in the 32nd Saudi National Festival of Heritage & Culture – Janadriyah 2018.
Both sides encouraged the stakeholders to broaden this cooperation, demonstrate concrete technological solutions, and strengthen links between “Digital India” and “Digital Single Market for Europe.”
The renewal of the MoU with the HCT, UAE is on the following terms:-
To improve the registration process for new vehicles, registration at the end of the dealer is being enabled and restrictions have been imposed on temporary registration.
· And, who would be on your side in your hour of need.
· Making India a human resource power to be reckoned with, by connecting our talented youth to global needs and opportunities.
Reviewing the work done in Andaman and Nicobar Islands, the Prime Minister emphasized on the need for developing an integrated tourism-centric ecosystem, in the areas identified for tourism development.
This became a reason to justify colonialism too.
We have resolved bottlenecks and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these sectors.
Yoga is a code to connect people with life, and to reconnect mankind with nature.
44. The Sides noted that Military and Military-Technical cooperation between the two countries is an important pillar of their strategic partnership.
• Consumption growth has shifted to non OECD countries: Middle East, Africa and developing Asia;
The measures will yield following results:
Khadi was Khadi foundation earlier and we talked of Khadi fashion but with my recent experience I can say that after Khadi for nation and Khadi for fashion now, it is becoming Khadi for transformation.
There are old baggage’s of our own lives and when they do not come in the way, it becomes easier to understand others.
Thank you very much.
An average oil yield of 4-5 tonnes/ hectare has been recorded with oil palm against the highest oil yield of 1.3 tonnes/ hectare from rapeseed.
And technology is extremely dynamic.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
The Indian story of economic resurgence closely mirrors that of many other parts of Asia.
The two Prime Ministers discussed the possibilities of enhancing trade and commercial ties.
It enables the farmer to choose the best crop and right quantity and mix of inputs.
Friends, The vision of New India can be realized only if the fruits of development reach all.
It also aims to inculcate discipline among financial service providers in the event of financial crises by limiting the use of public money to bail out distressed entities.
You will surely feel proud to know that India’s contribution is not limited to just peacekeeping operations but it is also providing training to peacekeepers from about eighty five countries.
I will also address a public meeting.
We all want a good future for our children.
On the evening of Thursday 17th March 2016, Prime Minister addressed the World Sufi Forum at New Delhi’s Vigyan Bhavan.
Such sin has been committed by those.
But, a positive peace where we all work to promote dialogue, harmony and justice, based on compassion and wisdom.
In rural areas too, people can buy or sell through AEPS and they can also win rewards.
We have seen how Amul was instrumental in ensuring fair price to the farmers engaged in the dairy sector.
He also expressed happiness that more women have bank accounts in India now and that number of bank accounts in India has reached 80% from 53% in 2014.
We are making a beginning in replicating it.
The Constitution of India was adopted by the Constituent Assembly on this day in the year nineteen forty-nine.
His demise is anguishing.
The entire nation is rejoicing.
Workshop on Health Surveillance System (1-2 August 2016, Bengaluru) 68.
Together, they contribute to creating a more interconnected and diverse world.
Establishment of the proposed Appellate Tribunal would provide an appellate mechanism for the order passed by the Adjudicating Authority under the PBPT Act.
He stopped at Kashi Vishwanath Temple for a few minutes to offer prayers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people on the start of Chingam, the first month of the Malayalam New Year.
He inaugurated the Tarakote Marg and Material Ropeway, of the Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine Board.
Myanmar appreciated the substantial progress made on the Kaladan Multimodal Transit Transport Project with the completion of works on the Sittwe Port and the Paletwa Inland Water Transport Terminal and the handing over of six cargo barges to the Myanmar Port Authority and Inland Water Transport.
Children’s nutrition is being addressed through the POSHAN Abhiyan.
Setting the tone for the interaction, he described the Pariksha Pe Charcha Townhall as a mini-India.
ii. To sustain, expand and excel in its operation in overseas/ Indian markets by developing proper marketing strategies.
This is by far, the world’s largest health insurance plan for which government will bear the cost.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, visited Ahmedabad and launched various development projects.
The situation is being monitored very closely by the Railways Ministry.
Thereafter, the State Counsellor and the Indian Prime Minister witnessed the signing and exchange of various documents between Myanmar and India in the areas of health, culture, capacity building, maritime security and collaboration between key institutions and held a Joint Press Conference.
My dear countrymen, the coming months are very crucial for our farming brothers and sisters.
She adds immense value to the team & her game has changed the course of many matches.
Talking of ongoing commercial exploitation, he made a special mention of extension of production sharing contracts.
DBT will also partner with UK’s Natural Environmental Research Council (NERC) on the Towards a Sustainable Earth initiative, which seeks to prioritise research and innovation for sustainable and resilient human development.
“My greetings to all friends in the media on National Press Day.
During 2017-18, out of estimated expenditure of Rs.1715 crore for JMVP, it is expected that the World Bank would remit a loan amount of Rs. 857.50 crore.
I am not criticising anyone.
I have read about this kind of politicians who used to talk like this if someone talked about constructing a road: ‘What is the need for a road, the roads are needed by those who have cars, do we poor people have cars, why do we need roads?’
The Prime Minister said India is a land of great diversity.
A Joint Working Group shall be formed to monitor the activities under the MoU.
Some of you may have gone to Mahudi to offer your respect.
A maximum of 3000 Fellows would be selected in a three year period, beginning 2018-19.
Our UDAN scheme works towards regional airport development and improved air connectivity.
The MoUaim to formalize the collaboration between the institutions for continuing the professional collaboration.
There are many other parameters which prove how strong is our economy and a clear reflection of the decision making powers of the Government.
These are mainly through sharing of policy and technical expertise, conducting of training courses, workshops, scientific and technical symposia, exchange of experts and study tours.
He said a visit to these places can fill one with new energy to work for the people.
Shichagi Bhanida,
The Prime Minister reviewed the flood situation during a meeting with Shri PinarayiVijayan, the Chief Minister of Kerala, and officials of the State Government.
Speaking on the occasion, Prime Minister extended Dussehra greetings to all Indians.
Today also, you can observe that whenever the countries across the whole world find any kind of obstruction in path of the life, they ultimately look towards India’s culture and civilisation.
In this context, he mentioned the sites at Alipur in Delhi; Mhow in Madhya Pradesh; Indu Mill in Mumbai; Deeksha Bhumi in Nagpur; and the house in London.
I appreciate the efforts of President His Excellency Sirisena and Prime Minister Wickeremesinghe for meeting the aspirations of all the citizens of Sri Lanka.
It will provide enabling environment for enhanced and seamless connectivity while providing commercial opportunities to the carriers of both the sides ensuring greater safety and security.
We will go by such speed to achieve all these goals.
A special module has been launched on the Narendra Modi App, which enables people to send greetings or their hand-written messages to the Armed Forces.
These parts have to grow further.
In a way, it is also a campaign for social reformation.
He conveyed that his government and the nation stand with the State of Jammu & Kashmir and suggested that all Political Parties should reach out to the people and convey the same.
Just because of your internal politics with the YSRCP you are doing this, I had told the AP CM
To meet this goal, in October last year,महात्मा गाँधी की जन्म दिवस पर, I had the honour of inaugurating the Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra in New Delhi.
(b) Transgender convicts of 55 years of age and above, who have completed 50% of their actual sentence period.
Speaking to the accompaniment of a presentation, the Prime Minister recounted how he had set a target of electrifying over 18000 unelectrified villages within 1000 days.
My dear countrymen,
MoU on Implementation of the Grant Component of India’s Post-Earthquake Reconstruction Package in the Cultural Heritage Sector in Nepal
I believe this to be a good portent.
v. To improve liquidity and tradability of SGBs, appropriate market making initiatives will be devised.
The MoU was signed in September, 2018 during the visit of the Vice-President of India to Romania.
President Atambayev and I reviewed our cooperative engagement in the defence field.
Dometic availability of iron ore, coking coal & natural gas, 6.
Our Government is taking many steps for the farmers.
Far from the despair he had dreamt of an India that will be free from all the evils and will be inclusive of all.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has strongly condemned the terrorist in Istanbul, Turkey.
They also discussed export control and non-proliferation.
He keeps imparting knowledge about digital usage to his passengers all the time.
I want to tell these parties- Modi will come and go, India will remain.
Thus, it is an unprecedented achievement in itself.
This demonstrates the close ties between India and the Maldives, and the warmth and mutual respect between the two governments.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved renaming of Jharsuguda Airport, Odisha as “Veer Surendra Sai Airport, Jharsuguda”
They said that the Muslim community would never allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
Our mantra is reform, perform and transform.
Together, our partnership has built schools, health centres and irrigation facilities for rural communities.
The success of GST can be attributed to the hard work that has been put in to make it a success.
In Yangon, he will pay his respects to the memory of General Aung San at the Martyrs’ Mausoleum and also visit the Bogyoke Aung San Museum as well as other prominent sites.
The Agreement has the potential to spur greater trade, investment, tourism and cultural exchange between the two countries bringing it in tune with the developments in the civil aviation sector.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and the USA for co-hosting the Global Entrepreneurship Summit (GES) 2017 in India.
• Illegal fishing, and
The Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat is not a movement of any Government or any Prime Minister, but an entire nation’s movement.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the final extension of the term of the Other Backward Classes in the Central List currently mandated upto 20th June 2018, till 31st July, 2018.
He said these big numbers are possible because of the 800 million people of India under the age of 35.
You must do it.
The tradition of inaugurating landmark structures for which foundation stone is laid by the PM Modi holds good here as well.
· This would open up new vistas for Indian professionals on the one hand, and give a fillip to Indian exports on the other.
Giving illustrations from Indian mythology such as Lord Rama, Lord Krishna, Lord Buddha and Bhakta Prahlada, the Prime Minister said that the purpose of each of their actions was to uphold Dharma, which has sustained Indians from ancient to modern times.
So, we should not make such Ganeshji idols, which create problems.
Together we can create new enterprises, new skills and new social values.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Odisha and Chhattisgarh on September 22, 2018.
How do we bring in new technology, how do we increase productivity, how do we introduce looms driven by solar power?
Therefore, it is natural that the public attention will be focused more on the Monsoon Session this year.
India is trying to develop brownfield assets as a separate asset class for infrastructure investment.
As we have done so, we continued to remain one of the fastest growing major Economies in the world.
I am happy to note that India and Brazil have finalized the text of a bilateral investment agreement.
Among the projects for which the Foundation Stone will be laid, is the Regional Ophthalmology Centre at BHU.
Nearly 52 thousand bird feeders were distributed in every nook and corner of the world.
Prime Minister Modi felicitated the winners of Bharat koJaniye quiz competition.
Major sectors attracting FDI inflows from Germany are engineering, chemicals and services.
They reside in the rich contacts of our history, culture, language, art, and geography.
The Government is committed to realizing the vision of doubling farmers’ income by 2022.
There are vacations, Diwali is drawing near, all around in our country, there is an inclination to travel to some place or the other; people go as tourists and it is very natural.
Keeping this in mind, in my opinion, these two satellites made by the students and launched by ISRO, are extremely important and most valuable.
As per International Maritime Organisation’s (IMO’s) requirement, authorities in various countries, provide appropriate Aids to Navigation in their waters as per international recommendations and guidelines.
I have planned to keep my speech short this time – not more than 40-45-50 minutes.
I have been told that the smoke in a rural kitchen resulting from this is a serious health hazard.
Aravind Eye Care System, an Indian organisation, won the award in the first year.
Sajibu Cheiraoba wishes to my sisters and brothers in Manipur.
Space science and planetary exploration
Einstein’s biographer Abraham Pace regarded his work as one of the last four revolutionary papers on old Quantum Theory.
Very importantly, GST also intends to bring in economic reforms.
He recalled, “Yesterday I requested people to share their photos of north east visit.
Exhibition on Futuristic Technologies and Space Exploration
Friends, this government realizes the value of every single penny earned by your hard work.
Government is ready for open debate on every issue and we hope that it will create a conducive atmosphere for significant and fruitful decisions.
7. Any other form of cooperative activities agreed upon by the Parties.
The objective of the MoU is to recognize the mutual benefit of Cooperation in the field of Civil Aviation having particular significance in establishing and improving Regional Air Connectivity in India.
Keshav Vaishnav has written to me on my App, complaining that parents should never put pressure on their children to score more marks.
These are the Thane-Bhiwandi-Kalyan Metro; and the Dahisar-Mira-Bhayander Metro.
We are betting on India’s youth and their talent.
It also saw a level of interaction between our nations, never seen before.
But destiny had different plans that day.
The sky and stars have always enthralled children.
Uruguay is an important trading partner of India among members of the MERCOSUR, a trading block in Latin America.
Our trade has more than doubled over the last decade.
The Prime Minister said GST would lead to a modern tax administration which is simpler, more transparent, and helps curb corruption.
PM also announced ex-gratia of @ Rs. 2 lakh per person to the next kin of the deceased and @ Rs. 50,000 to those seriously injured from PM’s National Relief Funds (PMNRF).
The leaders strongly endorsed expansion of the Indo-U.S. Vaccine Action Program, which is fostering public-private research partnerships focused on the development and evaluation of vaccines to prevent tuberculosis, dengue, chikungunya and other globally important infectious diseases.
A large number of Indian scientists are working in IRRI and contributing to R&D in this field.
He will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of Kabir Academy, which will highlight the great saint’s teachings and thought.
He said such development works empower citizens.
Thus, my primary impression is that there has been a large and active participation of people connected to rural India and poverty issues.
The efforts are on to enlist the co-operation of all to ensure that GST is in place by this session.
My government has sanctioned a new fund of 7,5 00 crore rupees for the fisheries sector.
We call upon all nations to adopt a comprehensive approach in combating terrorism, including all the elements identified in the Johannesburg Declaration.
People remembered him as the best member of Parliament, sensitive writer, best orator and most popular Prime Minister and will continue to remember him.
He noted that both Daman and Diu, and Dadra and Nagar Haveli have been declared open defecation free.
We recognise the need for follow-up steps in implementing the aims and objectives of the ARP.
He said transparency in training and selection of athletes is reflecting in better performances by India in international sporting competitions.
The MoU was signed on 8th April, 2.017.
Watch it on your mobile
The 2017 Budget Session of Parliament gets underway today.
In the isolated regions of the Nilgiri plateau in South India, a small wanderer community Toda make their settlements using locally available material only.
He said that Indians are now coming together to build the nation.
We encourage further collaboration amongst the BRICS countries on a better resourced UN, on its administration and budget, on preserving the UN’s Member State-driven character and ensuring better oversight of and strengthening the Organisation.
10 days ago, Mother India had to bear the loss of many of her valiant sons.
He said those bottlenecks were being removed, so that the projects could be operationalized, and provide employment to people.
The Prime Minister called for faster progress in electronic toll collection.
Subsequently, in its meeting held on 27.09.2017, the Union Cabinet increased age of superannuation of doctors working in various other Ministries/Departments including those of Indian Railways, AYUSH, Central Universities and NTs, etc. to 65 years.
And you’ll witness for yourself the positive change that it will bring about in you.
We also reaffirmed our commitment to undertake mutual cooperation for reducing the cost of deployment of renewable energy.
Railways were the first departmental undertaking of the Government of India wherein the concept of PLB was introduced in the year 1979-80.
I urge you all that even though it takes 5 minutes of your time, you must go through the question paper carefully.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met the members of the T20 Blind Cricket World Cup Winning Team.
I look forward to meet Prime Minister Dr. Mahathir Mohamad.
The objective of this challenge is to invite innovative ideas based on Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things, Big Data Analytics, Blockchain and other cutting edge technology to reform Government processes.
A good beginning has been made through the Digital India and Skill India initiatives.
We are a youthful nation and we can do even better in sports, he added.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Shirdi, Maharashtra on October 19, 2018.
Today a Herculean task of connecting 2.5 lakh panchayats through Optical Fibre Network in the country is underway.
He laid the foundation stone for setting up Bharat Petroleum Corp. Ltd (BPCL) Coastal Installation Project at Krishnapatnam.
This Agreement is unique in the sense that both sides have offered ASEAN Plus commitments in trade in goods and have exchanged WTO Plus offers in trade in services.
But we must all come together.
Relations between India and Lao PDR are extensively spread across many areas.
“A proud moment for Indian sports.
Cleanliness and Swacch Bharat initiatives were given unprecedented focus in Kumbh organized at Prayagraj this year.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Railways.
The Prime Minister urged the people of Gujarat to work on food processing.
He expressed confidence that soon, they would transform the country.
His brave deeds and noble thoughts inspire people across generations.
My dear Countrymen, “Save the Girl Child, Educate the Girl Child” (Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao), has already become the Mann Ki Baat, the heartfelt wish of all the people of India.
This is why be it Mamata Banerjee, be it Nitish Kumar, be it Akhilesh Yadav or Naveen Patnaik, all these states want the GST bill to be passed at the earliest.
It is the land of Madiba , and the कर्मभूमि of Mahatma Gandhi.
The airport will provide a big boost to connectivity in the Himalayan State, and also give a fillip to tourism.
Over the last three years many individuals are teaching Yoga, new institutions are being set up and even technology is connecting people to Yoga.
41. The leaders welcomed the intensified technical cooperation between the Indian and European telecom standardisation bodies (TSDSI and ETSI), supported by the EU, and focusing on future global standards for 5G, Intelligent Transport Systems, Internet of Things, Future Networks and telecom security.
Can one imagine that Lord Rama leaves Ayodhya putting on the clothes stitched there and with his determination and resolve creates a huge collective strength and it paves the way for the involvement of every cross section of the society enroute to his victory in Sri Lanka.
In a series of tweets the PM wished that may the year bring peace, joy and prosperity to everyone.
This gesture was deeply appreciated by both the Government and the people of Myanmar, especially by the families of those who will be released from Indian jails.
I convey my greetings to my sisters and brothers of Andhra Pradesh.
And, in more recent times, you have gifted to the world one of the finest spinners in cricket, Muthiah Muralitharan.
Besides Delhi, the chefs will be visiting Agra and Jaipur as well.
He encouraged Governors to interact at length with students and teachers in this regard.
With a view to accord priority to passenger safety and also to ensure uniformity in safety certification, the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs while enacting the “Metro railways (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2002”, has assigned similar functions to Commissioner of Metro Railway safety (CMRS) in respect of Metro Railways.
Meeting of BRICS Customs Agencieson the margins of Conference of the World Customs Organization (11-16 July 2016, Brussels) 21.
Once again my heartfelt congratulation to the Finance Minister and his team for presenting a budget which enhances ease of living and lay a strong foundation for the New India.”
Opening the membership of the ISA will put solar energy in global agenda with the universal appeal for developing and deploying solar energy.
They have seen the work of NDA.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List for six months beyond 30th November, 2018 and till 31st May 2019.
Student from Aligarh had come to meet me.
His valour played a major role in freeing India from colonialism.
The construction material and other accessories for the Memorial have been shipped to Rameswaram from many parts of India.
New AIIMS are being opened in various states with a view to providing better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
Joint Declaration of Intent on Cooperation in the field of Information & Communications Technology and Electronics
The Times Group Newspaper “Vijaya Karnataka” started a new initiative urging the children to write a letter to the Prime Minister of the country.
· 5th Meeting of BRICS Sherpas/Sous Sherpas (New York, USA)
Hum makkhan par lakeer nahi, patthar par lakeer kheenchne waale hain (We don’t promise things lightly, we mean to keep our word).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mr. Donald Trump on his assumption of office as President of the United States of America.
Sumitra Mahajan, for her efforts in the completion of this project.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will launch the India Post Payments Bank (IPPB) at Talkatora Stadium in New Delhi on September 1st, 2018.
We believe that everyone must live in peace and harmony and move ahead to carve a better and peaceful tomorrow.
They are currently touring different parts of India as part of the initiative “Watan Ko Jaano.”
Second, work towards risk coverage for all – starting from poor households to small and medium enterprises to multi-national corporations to nation states.
This is the world’s tallest scyscraping statue.
He said former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s vision of Insaniyat, Jamahooriyat, Kashmiriyat will be taken forward.
To give you just a few examples.
India shares close, warm and friendly relations with Africa which are cemented by robust development partnership and a large presence of the Indian Diaspora.
I have no doubt that people working in these agencies are second to none in the world in respect of their capability and commitment to public service.
The BIA is likely to increase investment flows between the parties.
He spoke of the various projects for sewage treatment.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Varanasi, Azamgarh and Mirzapur districts of Uttar Pradesh on July 14th and 15th, 2018.
This is the very first time in history that heads of 10 Nations attended the ceremony.
They also appreciated it.
If the body is a temple of the mind, yoga creates a beautiful temple.
On Sunday, the Prime Minister will visit Puducherry.
We continue to remain one of the fastest growing economies in the world,”
We have to keep it a very very simple event.
We noted the strength of our growing defence partnership.
He said that the Government has not shied away from taking decisions that are tough.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the transfer of 4 acres of Defence land in perpetuity basis to Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) for the construction of Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 4 at Kandhar Lines, Delhi Cantt. at a nominal rent of one rupee per annum.
The GoM recommended that to address the pressing issue of road safety and improving transport scenario, Government should immediately bring amendments to the present Motor Vehicle Act.
I shared some of the pictures in a Story on my page.
INSV Tarini is a 55-foot sailing vessel, which has been built indigenously, and was inducted in the Indian Navy earlier this year.
A bumper harvest production has been our major achievement.
Ours is a globally cost competitive manufacturing environment.We have a vast pool of skilled professionals with knowledge and energy.
This has given us the confidence to further upscale our positive interventions in the social sector.
I urge eminent people of the country to come forward and jointly contribute in campaigning for spreading awareness on voter registration and casting one’s vote on the day of polling.
A meditation hall has also been created.
He also asked senior officials in the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
India represented through DGLL, is a member of IALA Council.
o We have moved nineteen places on the Logistics Performance Index of 2016 of World Bank;
Members of the Club des Chefs des Chefs (Club of Presidential Chefs from across the Globe), called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
Not many people would be aware that in our Coast Guard, not just men, but women too are discharging their duties and responsibilities shoulder to shoulder, and most successfully.
10% reservation bill for general category poor is a historic step and a reflection of Government’s commitment for the poor, says PM
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains of Himalaya or be it desert area singed by sunlight, Yoga is flourishing the life in every situation.
I may be far away from you but I can still feel this unique energy.
The approval is for the proposal to bring about a Constitutional Amendment namely the Constitution (One Hundred Twenty-third Amendment) Bill, 2017 by:
Exports of gems and jewellery from India account for fifteen percent of India’s total merchandise exports.
They began telling, the institutions are correct.
Today, through sheer hard work and a firm resolve, a thirty bedded hospital has finally come up at Punri Village near Kolkata.
The Prime Minister said he still remembered the time when he had first met lawmakers from Saurashtra, and discussed the SAUNI Project.
Globally, biofuels have caught the attention in last decade and it is imperative to keep up with the pace of developments in the field of biofuels.
The bank in turn, after consideration of this offer by its Board, sought Government’s decision in the context of Government’s stake coming down below 51% as a result of the proposed acquisition.
Remembering our inspiration, Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya ji on his Jayanti.”, the Prime Minister said.
Friends, for various reasons, we missed the first Industrial revolution.
We also see early conclusion of a balanced Comprehensive Economic and Partnership Agreement as our shared priority.
It is called MIIM (Make in India Mittelstand).
You can even shoot a film these days using your mobile phone camera.
We are aware of difficulties faced by Persons of Indian Origin from these countries in obtaining an OCI Card if they moved abroad four or five generations ago.
At the same time, it is not unnatural for two large neighbouring powers to have some differences.
Features of the Air Services Agreement
He said the aim of entrepreneurs and business should be to provide products which solve simple problems faced by people in the country.
This provides an opportunity to ensure that projects of India’s interest are undertaken under this LoC.
They agreed to pool together their expertise and resources in these areas and create a global network dedicated to these challenges for the larger benefit of humanity.
Partnership in Education is creating new connections between our people.
Which newer programmes can be initiated?
All toilets are bio-vacuum type.
17. Acknowledging the steady increase in bilateral trade over the last few years, the two leaders expressed satisfaction at the USD 39 billion trade in 2014-15.
You are an intrinsic part of the warp and the weft of the social fabric of this beautiful nation.
It will empower the poor and live up to the expectations of all.
The phase being inaugurated today will operate from Aluva to Palarivattom.
We stand with Portugal in full support in this hour of grief.
– The recently released PMI Manufacturing Index reflects the expansive mode.
This money will be used in strengthening the facilities like electricity, water, sewage, cleaning and gardens in those 33 cities.
The Commission submitted its Report on 15th December, 2014.
The agreement aims to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues on the basis of mutual benefit equality and reciprocity.
Considering Russia’s proven experience in adoption of technology in the road transport sector, it would be beneficial to learn from such best practices through close interaction.
To achieve this vision, we need to be very efficient in terms of project and resource management.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Agreement (MoA) between India and World Health Organisation represented by its Regional Office for South-East Asia acting through its Country Office in India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors including PMGSY, housing, coal and power.
He credited officials of the Government – and Team India – for this success.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated medal winners in Commonwealth Games.
India has a fairly decent report card on bio-diversity conservation.
Laboratories, Research Institutions and Universities in each major city region, should be interlinked to function on a hub and spoke model.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, everywhere, there is Yoga all around.
People didn’t have suffered and not purchased vehicles in large number with a thought that when Metro is their why I should go for a vehicle.
During my stay, I will visit the Yad Vashem Memorial Museum to honour the memory of the victims of the holocaust that counts among the greatest tragedies in human history.
More than 150 Indian companies are operating in South Africa.
India’s record of building and operating PHWR reactors over the last nearly forty years is globally acclaimed.
Senior officials repeatedly emphasized that initiatives of the Union Government such as Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Mission Indradhanush, Beti Bachao – Beti Padhao, and Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandana Yojana etc, are having a positive impact on nutrition.
Our country’s history is thousands years old.
The Prime Minister said significant attention is being paid to the development of eastern and north-eastern India.
We were also privileged to host many African leaders for the inaugural summit of the International Solar Alliance.
The mission implementation would develop and bring:
We remember and pay our homage to Tilak ji on his birth anniversary on 23rd July and his death anniversary on 1st August.
Once you learn to accept, maximum number of problems will be solved there and then.
He will address the gathering, before departing for Gangtok, Sikkim.
We have become accustomed to them.
The Prime Minister said that Swami Vivekananda raised his voice against the social evils that have entered our society.
When we all talk of positivity, I also feel like sharing one experience.
And, shape the future of this great country.
This initiative is one more example of improving the “ease of living” to our citizens.
If we are a young nation, our youth should get manifested in the field sports as well.
The UK government has shown interest to offer expertise in the following areas:
Democracy provides an equal opportunity and rights to be heard for all.
If we respect the rights of others, our rights will automatically get protected and similarly if we fulfill our duties, then also our rights will get automatically protected.
Resolution of disputes through arbitration is not new to us.
In this context he mentioned the International Solar Alliance.
I will highlight the need for reformed multilateralism which reflects the contemporary realities and can effectively strengthen collective action for global good.
Financial Implication:
We have placed the highest emphasis on Ease of Doing Business.
He said vested interests have exploited youngsters and are playing with their future.
Speaking of the family and collective traditions of the Islands, he said this has been a strength of Indian society, over the years.
He was elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2009 and has been on various Committees of Parliament including the Committee on Water Resources and the Consultative Committee for the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting.
The Report will facilitate assessment of progress, identify challenges and give recommendations for follow up at the national level.
Our cooperation with Switzerland is ongoing to deal with this global curse.
The Prime Minister congratulated all medal winners, and complimented those who could not win medals but had performed creditably.
He said the current age is one that requires transformational change.
Some of the major schemes of this kind include Post Matric Scholarship, National Overseas Scholarship, National Fellowship, Top Class Education, Concessional Loans from National Scheduled Tribes Finance and Development Corporation, Hostels for ST boys and girls etc.
Every government has made an effort.
He said the total cost of the projects, for which foundation stones have been laid today, is Rs. 27,000 crore.
We are all aware of the love that the people of the North-East, and especially Meghalaya, have for Football.
Our partnership with ASEAN and its member countries has served to enhance commerce, technology, investment, development, and security partnerships with the region.
The beneficiaries, mostly women, thanked the Prime Minister for their new good quality houses, easy availability of credit and corruption free processes associated with PMAY-G scheme.
The President, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, the Vice President, Shri Venkaiah Naidu, and the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today offered floral tributes at the statue of Sardar Patel, at Patel Chowk in New Delhi, on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.
Today it is known as the commercial capital of Kerala.
The Joint venture will give a tremendous boost to the UP Defence Corridor project.
My dear countrymen, Swachha Bharat has become the dream of each Indian.
Addressing a rally at Kothi Meena Bazaar in Agra today, the Prime Minister said, ”With the projects like Gangajal project, and facilities like CCTV cameras, we are taking steps towards making Agra a Smart City.”
Brigadier General San Win, Permanent Secretary of Ministry of Defence
I congratulate Ecological Protection Organization, their entire team and the people of Chandrapur.
That is why we are moving forward in the direction of holding Panchayat elections and election to City Councils.
I appeal to my hardworking farmers to embrace drip irrigation, the Prime Minister said.
It goes to 1.25 billion people of India.
They maybe able to show results in 3, 4, 5 maybe beyond 5 years.
Prime Minister Jugnauth’s visit will contribute to elevating our relationship to new heights on the bed-rock of our traditional links.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today gifted 200 cows to villagers who do not yet own a cow, under the Rwandan Government’s Girinka Programme.
May this special day enhance the spirit of peace and prosperity in our society”.
India is the Guest Country at the SPIEF this year.
Being aware that the Bay of Bengal region is home to over thirty percent of the world’s fishermen, we recognize that cooperation in sustainable development of fisheries in this region has the potential to make a significant contribution towards ensuring food security and improving livelihoods of people in our region and agree to deepen cooperation in this Sector.
He described the GST as one more pearl in the necklace of Ek Bharat – much on the lines of the Railways, the All India Services, and visions such as Bharat Net and Sagarmala.
The Prime Minister appreciated the focussed suggestions made by the participants.
This will offer immense value proposition in crops such as potato, pineapple, oranges and apples.
A temporary campus of IIPE has been set up from academic session 2016-17 from the Andhra University Campus with two undergraduate programmes namely, Petroleum Engineering and Chemical Engineering (with capacity of 50 students each).
This Resolution Document, should include those 10 or 15 objectives which they feel should be achieved by 2022.
Shri Modi thanked the Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Japanese people for the warm hospitality and reception accorded to him.
As a mark of respect to Netaji, Ross Island had been named as Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose Dweep.
on the various dynamic initiatives launched by you in 2018 towards your vision of a New South Africa.
Yoga is a guarantee of both fitness and wellness.
The per capita plastic consumption in India is much lower than in many parts of the developed world.
It is important for the industry to plan its growth.
This effort also found a mention in the Guinness book of World Records.
The concerns of rising environmental issues are not limited to any country hut pose a serious challenge to the entire Globe.
“My thoughts are with all those who have lost their loved ones in the tragic earthquake that has affected parts of Iran and Iraq.
Practice any set of exercises you are comfortable with and you will see the positive difference it will make in your life! #FitnessChallenge #HumFitTohIndiaFit.”
For me more than what the world thinks of the government, what the image of the country is, is important.
He also assured the people of north east that their state will not be harmed through Citizenship (Amendment) Bill.
He said the Power Ministry, Renewable EnergyMinistry andCoal Ministryare now working as one unit.
Exploration and exploitation of additional hydrocarbon resources is expected to spur new investment, impetus to economic activities, additional employment generation and thus benefitting various sections of society.
It would enable completion of ongoing projects.
5. Training and advanced qualification improvement of Indian railway employees with the involvement of Russian railway-related higher education establishments;
The criterion of investment in plant and machinery stipulates self declaration which in turn entails verification if deemed necessary and leads to transaction costs.
These outlets will have to keep proper records of stock and collections.
The proposal ensures the continuation of the Department’s goal towards business transformation through technology.
We can join handsto fulfil these twin expectations.
“On International Women’s Day, we salute our indomitable Nari Shakti.
India and Afghanistan have strong diplomatic relations in various areas including education.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of Yogoda Satsanga Society of India.
Eight days later, Pakistani terrorists attacked Pathankot.
He also recalled the over 33,000 police personnel who have attained martyrdom.
You will get to learn a lot that way.
Turning to Agriculture, the Prime Minister said the focus cannot be on increasing agricultural productivity alone, but should be on the overall development of a vibrant rural economy.
34. The two sides stressed the importance of regional stability and good neighbouring relations.
Indeed, Maritime cooperation has been an integral part of our discourse throughout our commemorative activities, with the theme resonating in the ASEAN India Connectivity Summit, in the Workshop on Blue Economy, as well as in regular dialogue mechanisms.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will confer the Awards for Excellence in Public Administration for effective implementation of identified Priority Programs and Innovation to districts/implementing units and other Central/State organisations at Vigyan Bhawan in the capital tomorrow on April 21.
31. The EU leaders welcomed India’s efforts to promote economic and social development and expressed the EU’s continued interest in participating in India’s flagship initiatives such as “Make in India”, “Digital India”, “Skill India”, “Smart City”, “Clean India,” and “Start-Up India”.
In 2016, Akshaya Patra commemorated the serving of 2 billion cumulative meals in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
The Roadmap for Military Cooperation has paved way for greater interaction between the militaries of both countries, including in training, exchange of senior functionaries of the militaries, Staff talks and Exercises.
When ‘Mann Ki Baat’ commenced, I had firmly decided that it would carry nothing political, or any praise for the Government, nor Modi for that matter anywhere.
Several agreements for investments in the energy sector in Bangladesh are expected to be signed by the Indian companies in the coming days.
It will provide enabling environment for enhanced and seamless connectivity while providing commercial opportunities to the carriers of both the sides ensuring greater safety and security.
It is a scheme for the operational and financial turnaround of DISCOMs, which are the weakest link in the power value chain.
The number of under-graduate medical seats have been increased by almost 30 percent in the last 4 and half years.
To take the process forward, a training programme for 40,000 grass-roots representatives will be undertaken soon.
India and Korea have signed an MoUin the area ofBiotechnology and Bio-economy.
A visit to South Africa is incomplete without remembering the beloved Madiba.
The operationalization of this MoU will promote people to people contact and cooperation between the two countries in respect of economic, social and cultural advancement.
Be it any religion, caste or creed, tradition or colour in this world; the spirit of service is an invaluable hallmark of the highest human values.
The Prime Minister appealed to citizens to help and enroll in PM-SYM, those working in the unorganized sector, whether it is in one’s house or in the neighborhood.
81. We welcome the signing of the BRICS Memorandum of Understanding on Regional Aviation.
In September, during the Rohingya crisis in Bangladesh, our naval ship INS GHADIYAL delivered humanitarian assistance there.
To my entrepreneur friends from across the globe, I would like to say: Come, Make in India, Invest in India – for India, and for the world.
The MoU will help in mutual cooperation in regulation of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances, and in combating drug trafficking.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
The transfer of knowledge of their skilling methodology will immensely help in our initiatives like “Make in India” and “Skill India”.
A sum of Rs. 1000 crore has been allocated under the scheme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi and the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina today jointly inaugurated the Petrapole Integrated Check Post through video-conferencing.
Friends, The high literacy rate, scenic beauty and availability of large English speaking population in Mizoram make for a perfect blend to develop the State as a model tourist destination.
c) The provision of additional financial resource of Rs. 1060.50 crore is on account of (i) meeting the cost of interest waiver for 2 months ( November and December, 2016) for crop loan disbursed by Cooperative Banks between 01.04.2016 and 30.
My meeting with him today is the eighth one in the last two years.
He has emphasized the virtue of patience.
“India will never get bogged down by such cowardly attacks and the evil designs of hate.
• Women to be permitted during night shift, if the provision of shelter, rest room ladies toilet, adequate protection of their dignity and transportation etc. exists.
The Prime Minister announced his engagements in Assam through a series of tweets in which he said that he is eagerly awaiting this opportunity to interact with the people of Assam.
In the last ten years, bilateral trade has grown almost 380%.
With the help of a Mudra Loan worth Rs. 5 lakh, he was able to start his own business of trading pesticides and fertilizers, and has now been able to generate employment for several other persons.
The Prime Minister encouraged the States to share their views and experiences on the work they have done so far towards Swachh Bharat and sanitation goals.
Cabinet approves need-based sale of surplus land of four Pharmaceutical PSUs
On this occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Maghar in SantKabir Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh on June 28, 2018.
The Prime Minister also met his family members and wished him a speedy recovery.
The Guiding Principles of the Sub-Group had been to resolve the issues between Union and the States /UTs and to work as Team India in the spirit of Cooperative Federalism towards realization of the goals of VISION 2022 when we will celebrate the 75th year of Independence.
Armed Forces, the world over know the importance of supply chains.
In this regard both countries called for an early finalisation of the draft Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism (CCIT).
This is also a part of our great tradition.
He said that the Government is working to provide all the necessary means to the farmers, to enable them to double their income by 2022.
Apart from Yoga, I walk on a track inspired by the Panchtatvas or 5 elements of nature – Prithvi, Jal, Agni, Vayu, Aakash.
I have only one message for you all.
We note that the circular economy approach represents enormous potential to reduce waste, to forge more environmentally sustainable processes, diversify our economies whilst contributing to economic growth and job creation.
Kuwait living NRI student Ma.
Central Capital Investment Incentive for Access to Credit (CCIIAC)
He was a stalwart of India’s legal fraternity.
As per Article 279A of the amended Constitution, the GST Council which will be a joint forum of the Centre and the States, shall consist of the following members: –
My thoughts are with the families of those who lost their lives in this tragedy.
They identified 500 issues where they felt the need to rethink.
Connecting related issues, the Prime Minister said such reforms should extend to all departments of the Government.
Furthermore, AIM leverages its experts and networks around the country to build capacity in ATLs, AICs, etc. connecting various kinds of populations.
Thank you, Nandri.
They also cause undue hardships,particularly to those at the bottom of the pyramid in developing and least developed countries.
When Central Statistics Office, CSO released the figure of 7.4% GDP growth during the tenure of this government, some people dismissed it.
He will also address a public meeting.
I am sure that our scientists will scale up their efforts ranging from the quality of basic sciences to technology development to innovation.
A need was felt overtime to undertake a comprehensive revision of the notification on the basis of number of representations from various Coastal States/UTs, besides other stakeholders particularly related to the management and conservation of marine and coastal eco-systems, development in coastal areas, eco-tourism, livelihood options and sustainable development of coastal communities etc.
He will address the gathering.
Thus, farmers have to effectively pay only 4% as interest for the said crop loan.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has strongly condemned the terror attacks in Afghanistan yesterday.
The Supreme Court in its Order dated 8th October, 2013 directed that for implementation of such a system of VVPAT in phased manner Government of India may provide required financial assistance for procurement of requisite number of VVPAT Units.
MoU regarding Queen Suriratna Memorial Project
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed condolences on the passing away of Union Minister Shri Ananth Kumar.
Maharashtra Government is implementing Mumbai Metro Rail Master Plan (146.50 Km) in phases to augment the overall public transport capacity of Mumbai.
To give you a few examples: India’s Food Processing Industry is expected to increase almost five fold in the next ten years.
“Anguished by the fire in Mumbai.
We will speak for you, and with you.
Your friends, your family, your surroundings, and environment, all these can prevent you from going into depression and if you unfortunately has gone into it, they can also pull you out of it.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an ex- gratia of Rs. 2 lakh each from Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund for the next of kin of those who have lost their lives due to the collapse of an under-construction flyover in Varanasi on 15th May, 2018.
In a way, the complete food chain is connected to soil.
Stating that the there is a shift in energy consumption from West to East, PM said that United States has become the world’s largest oil and gas producer after the shale revolution.
A competition between ministries,
At a function in Navi Mumbai, he also dedicated the fourth container terminal at Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust.
Earlier this month, at an event in Bhopal, the Prime Minister had focused on the human element of our brave jawans.
This is the first ever National plan prepared in the country.
Themes such as infrastructure, defence manufacturing and energy security also came up for discussion.
Thus, the mind-set of the society needs to be changed.
A large number of dalit, tribal and backward class families have been benefited from this scheme.
Following is the preliminary draft of English rendering of PM’s statement on terror attack in Pulwama based on the extracts from his speech on this occasion.
I am delighted that the Indian Constitution will soon be translated into Thai language.
The current NDA government has made the strongest amendments to the SC ST Act.
Both sides will scale up collaboration on Future Tech to tackle our global challenges; realising the potential of Artificial Intelligence (AI); the digital economy; health technologies; cyber security; and promoting clean growth, smart urbanisation and future mobility – while developing the future skills and capabilities of our youth.
BRICS Handicraft Artisans’ Exchange Programme 22.
It is a crime to deprive the common man of the benefits of a project or a scheme for such a long time.
The Prime Minister said that he had observed, that across States, the top levels of the civil services have people who have studied in Patna University.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
The Cabinet also granted approval for expenditure incurred on subsidy amount released to LIC during the period of 2003-04 to 2014-15 for VPBY, 2003 and approval to incur expenditure on VPBY, 2003 and 2014 from the financial year 2015-16 onwards.
Dalits, oppressed and disadvantaged sections of the society will benefit from building of 51 Lakh new homes, more than 3 lakh kilometers roads, about 2 crore toilets, and 1.75 crore electricity connections to households.
Mahatma Gandhi had transformed the freedom movement into a mass movement.
On 21st November, during an incident of piracy in a merchant vessel in the Western Gulf, our naval ship INS TRIKAND reached there to help them.
If possible, one must visit these seven places.
Now, we have taken some more decisions in the interest of farmers.
He said all these represented great opportunities for investment.
They have enhanced India’s pride by winning the Gold in the Rowing Men’s Quadruple Sculls event.
Since then, the Jews have flourished, and their traditions and practices thrived in India.
But for a nation, or an institution, it marks just a significant milestone.
The world is undergoing a crisis today.
It defines our efforts to deepen economic and security cooperation in our maritime relationships.
For this, Central Assistance of Rs. 485.38 cr (for irrigation component) would be provided over five years from 2018-19 to 2022-23.
This panchayat has given a rough estimate that their agricultural production has increased by 20 per cent.
He said that the Prime Minister has enthused the nation and especially the youth.
Our relations are strengthened by common values of openness, democracy and respect for the rule of law.
He said that the common man and the trader must benefit from this path breaking decision.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Chhattisgarh on Thursday, 14th June.
Theupcoming generations of our nation will always remember his priceless contribution in maintaining the sanctity of Indian democracy.
In some areas certain restrictions were imposed in order to maintain law and order.
On 18th April 2018, I will be in London on the invitation of Prime Minister Theresa May.
Brothers and sisters I have special expectations from Pune.
The contribution of gas to the primary energy mix has risen to 8%.
Besides, the government’s thinking would also be reflected.
We always feel the contribution of our teachers in our lives.
He reiterated the need to break silos among academic and research institutions.
The important provisions include increase in compensation for Hit & Run cases from Rs. 25000 to Rs. 2 lakhs.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Power; and Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy.
I believe that most of the people in the country are salaried class, where people have fixed income and most of the salary is drawn from the government.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports; and Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting.
Nowadays, the benefits of yog in one’s holistic physical & mental development does not need to be told… neither in India nor elsewhere in the world.
I am sure all of us will benefit from the experience and expertise of each other.
And, today, we applaud Mozambique as one of the fastest growing economies of the world in recent decades.
Sixteen Indian cities have over 240 direct flights every week to Singapore.
The mistakes and the shortcomings once highlighted can be rectified.
Go and ask someone from your village about the Ujjwala scheme.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Amendment of the bilateral Social Security Agreement (SSA) between India and the Netherlands by incorporating the “Country of Residence” Principle into the said SSA.
Both India and Brazil are rich in biodiversity with a large range of health practices based on medicinal plants and history of use of traditional medicine.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the occasion as a special one, in the journey to make India a global manufacturing hub.
It was was approved by the CCEA in January 2017 at an estimated cost of Rs. 2254 crore.
He was a true nationalist and handled his public responsibilities with politeness and grace.
Write not only about architecture or natural beauty but write something about their daily life too.
Clean Transportation is getting a boost.
The works proposed under trespass control at 22 locations shall significantly reduce trespass and will provide safer environment for the public.
b) Starting business and registration
Our country also had this kind of people whose thinking was responsible for the backwardness of the country.
Shivaji Maharaj was a multifaceted personality, and so many aspects of his personality inspire us, the Prime Minister said.
In the Civil Appeal No. 554/2006 titled DGFT v/s Kanak Exports & Ors., the Hon’ble Supreme Court, in its Judgment dated 27.10.2015 gave verdict on the Target Plus Scheme for Export Promotion.
Several sportspersons appreciated this gesture of the Prime Minister, and responded by sharing their own selfies and photos with the Prime Minister.
A State with one of the highest literacy rates in India.
This year we aim to achieve hundred per cent electrification of households in India, through a targeted programme called SAUBHAGYA.
So far, 243 applications have been received under the scheme, out of which 75 applications have been approved involving investment proposals of Rs. 17,997 crore.
We must admit that even after so many years of independence since the formation of the Constitution, we have not been able to fulfil those dreams of Babasaheb.
“My greetings and best wishes on Eid-ul-Fitr.
· aspire high; · dream big; and do more.
Criminality should be the only basis for punitive action against the individuals and organizations responsible for carrying out terrorist acts.
Despite having a historically low carbon foot-print, India has been playing an active role in the global fight against climate change.
The last man in the queue is my priority.
Background:-
While maintaining the dignity of his office he kept that secret to himself.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Mauritius.
He said that whether it is the economy or defence, India’s capabilities have expanded.
In months and years ahead, we only see promise and opportunities for our two nations.
Today he added, Ayushman Bharat and Gram Swaraj Abhiyan, are being launched from the State.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal to amend Section 4(1) and Section 5(1) of the National Trust for the Welfare of Person with Autism, Cerebral Plasy, Mental Retardation and Multiple Disabilities Act, 1999 to fix the term of the Chairperson and Members of the Board of National Trust for three years.
(NHPC), North East Electric Power Corporation (NEEPCO), THDC India Ltd. (formerly Tehri Hydro Development Corporation Ltd.) and Satluj Jal Vidhyut Nigam Ltd.
In addition, Prime Minister also presented PM Netanyahu a Torah scroll donated by the Paradesi Jewish community in Kerala.
Minister of Drinking Water and Sanitation.
The decision will enhance India’s diplomatic outreach in the African continent and allow India to engage with Indian diaspora in African countries.
Friends, on several occasions, it has been seen that the people do not tread the path which they ought to have done.
He said things cannot depend on the whims and fancies of individuals.
We face barriers of geography and politics, but we define our path from the clarity of our purpose.
The Prime Minister also proposed to supply world class and easily affordable medicines from India and cooperation in solar energy through mutually agreed instruments.
I urge Indian companies, exchanges and regulators, to help create a pool of experienced and world beating finance professionals.
With regard to import tolerance level of tricyclazole in rice (Commission Regulation (EU) 2017 / 983) the relevant plant protection companies will be invited to present new scientific data in order for the European Food Safety Authority to carry out an additional risk assessment without delay.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed an event in Lucknow on “Transforming Urban Landscape,” which marked the third anniversary of three key Government initiatives related to Urban Development.
Three Groups of Secretaries to the Government of India, today presented ideas for transformative change in different areas of governance, to the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
13.Exchanged points of views and welcomed the opportunities offered by the convergence between the National Digital Strategy of Mexico and the Digital India Initiative, which share common objectives.
And, I also have drawbacks like normal people do
He announced that the work is afoot to employ displaced Kashmiris in 3000 posts.
She is now one of the leading manufacturers of Pashmina shawls in her area.
The swap amount for each country has been defined in the above Facility, subject to a floor of USD 100 Million and a maximum of USD 400 Million.
People used to get down and fetch water from that tank.
Approximately 4 crore women in rural areas have received LPG connections so far, through the UjjwalaYojana.
Also I had invited leaders of SAARC nations to my swearing in ceremony and they had attended it as well.
The total completion cost of the metro rail corridor will be Rs.11,420 crore.
Prime Minister Modi said that India is now among the fastest growing countries in the world.
I was really impressed with the prowess of that divyang young man.
They welcomed the signing of an MOU on cooperation in exchange of intelligence related to money laundering, related crimes and terrorism financing.
Bank accounts of 29 crore people have been opened, more than 9 crore farmers have got Soil Health Card.
This is the fourth interaction by the Prime Minister through video bridge series with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
This Cancer Centre is going to be a boon for the people of not only eastern Uttar Pradesh but for the people of Jharkhand and Bihar also.
48 newly elected Sarpanchesof Panchayats from Jammu and Kashmir called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi today.
And we are merely drops in the ocean.
Number of Industrial and Institutional units is also being established in this city.
B. Introduction of welfare measures for seafarers, such as:-
The Prime Minister said that the Government’s commitment has ensured that the long pending issue of “One Rank One Pension” has been resolved.
Together, we have to fulfil this dream, the Prime Minister exhorted the people.
He also distributed awards to Champion Swachhagrahis.
Many countries are now celebrating Baba Ambedkar Jayanti, Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Guru Ravidas on the occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
3. Farmers in the area would be benefitted due to stabilisation / improved irrigation in 98,739 Ha of land due to relining of Rajasthan Feeder and 69,086 Ha due to relining of Sirhind Feeder.
c) the requirement of signing of articles of agreement by the crew before the Shipping Master will no longer be necessary.
It is India’s youth that is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights, the Prime Minister said.
My brothers and sisters, the farmers of my country are emphasizing on solar farming now.
And this was a matter of joy for me that people speaking all the languages of India, residing in every corner of the country, hailing from all types of background… all of them participated in it.
Under the scheme all loans upto Rs.10 lakh for income generating activities will be extended as PMMY loans.
For the last so many years, a strong need for reforms has been felt in the education sector.
The British tree treacherously arrested him when he was asleep, in a covert manner.
It reminds us that when we think of the 99 names of Allah, none stand for force and violence, and that the first two names denote compassionate and merciful.
Today our warehouses are filled with food grains.
The country is producing record foodgrains and manufacturing record number of mobile phones.
This synergy in policy regimes is a reflection of areas of common interest for both India and Korea.
He said that today, the youth feel that they are stakeholders in the development process.
This is the first plant in India which will have a coal gasification based fertilizer unit.
First Lady Kim congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Seoul Peace Prize.
On this Yoga Day, since this was the third International Day of Yoga, I had asked you to share photos of three generations of the family doing yoga together.
I am eagerly awaiting this opportunity to interact with people of Assam.
He said that this delay in the production of modern rifles for our soldiers, actually amounts to an injustice to the jawans.
It is a huge endeavour.
This is my inspiration.
Those men and women of strong will and courage, who undertook the journey of their life from India to then Ceylon.
These include the Olympian Archer C. Lalremsanga , boxer Ms. Jenny Lalremliani, weight lifter Ms. Lalchhahimi, and hockey player Ms. Lalruatfeli.
This 750 bed hospital will be built at a cost of approximately Rs. 1350 crore.
The National Steering Committee is an inter-ministerial body comprising NITI Aayog, Agricultural Research and Education, Agriculture Cooperation and Farmers Welfare, Economic Affairs, External Affairs, New and Renewable Energy, Science & Technology, Coal, Power, Railway Board, Road Transport & Highways, Shipping, Petroleum & Natural Gas, Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation, Health & Family Welfare, Ministry of Earth Sciences, Rural Development, Housing and Urban Affairs, Industrial Policy & Promotion, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Steel, Civil Aviation, Statistics and Programme Implementation and India Meteorological Department.
Leaders from the delegation agreed with Shri Doval.
We in India take pride at the remarkable speed with which sanitation cover has increased in the last four years.
The Jalliwanwallahbagh incident inspires us of the sacrifices made by those brave hearts.
Speaking on the occasion, he said, the Government is constantly working to create a conducive environment for business in the country.
The plan is to generate over 500 million new jobs in India by 2022.
PM MODI: You can’t view inflation as a perception issue.
We were all witness to the great global upsurge for Yoga when, in September 2014, I proposed an International Day of Yoga, at the session of the General Assembly of the United Nations.
They will not come in the way of the dreams and aspirations of the Afghan people.
Lease Contract for Shahid Beheshti Port- Phase 1 of Chabahar during Interim Period between Port and Maritime Organization (PMO), Iran and India Ports Global Limited (IPGL).
This shows the difference
· 4th BRICS STI Working Group Meeting of Funding Parties – 30 June (Durban)
We took note of the following events held under India’s BRICS Chairpersonship before the Goa Summit.
As a result of our interventions, 840 additional lives of children under five are being saved each day in India as compared to four years back.
Deen Dayalji talked about the poorest of the poor the deprived, distressed ones and spoke of how, through education, employment or otherwise his life could be transformed.
Notes of one hundred, fifty, twenty, ten, five, two and one rupee will remain legal tender and will remain unaffected by the decision today.
Your Excellency President Alexander Lukashenku Friends, Members of the media
ii. The Bill provides for complete autonomy to the Institutions, combined with adequate accountability.
Those who have not faced the Talaq are spending their lives under pressure.
The Prime Minister emphasized the commitment of the Union Government towards ensuring that every family’s dream of a home, becomes a reality.
Germany is contributing in a big way in the success of Make in India.
Commissioning of the EQUIPMENT, f.
“Anguished by the capsizing of a boat in Andhra Pradesh’s East Godavari district.
My dear countrymen, I too am an ordinary citizen like you and like any ordinary citizen I too am influenced by good or bad things.
The Swachh Bharat Awards will also be distributed on this occasion.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Manipur on 16 March, 2018.
Not only this, he always said that “a good teacher can only be one who keeps the student within always alive”.
“Minimum Government, Maximum Governance” and “Red carpet instead of Red tape” have been the basis of governance reforms in India, Prime Minister Modi said.
Air Traffic Controllers, Communication Officers, and Pilots of Airports Authority of India (AAI) and to keep these allowances outside the purview of 35% (revised) ceiling.
He said the Rice Research Centre being set up in Varanasi, is a step in this direction.
After the country’s political integration in 1947, today the country is getting economically integrated.
In many ways, they are the ‘Real Heroes’ of the Project.
vii. The State Council will undertake recognition of allied and healthcare institutions.
In their meeting today, the Prime Minister and First Lady Kim discussed the deep civilizational and spiritual links between India and Korea, and exchanged views on promoting people-to-people exchanges.
AB-NHPM will be rolled out across all States/UTs in all districts with an objective to cover all the targeted beneficiaries.
He urged the officer trainees to keep in touch with their batchmates from other services, in course of their career, so that they could always keep abreast of developments at home.
Women, children and youth will continue to remain at the heart of every policy, programme or initiative.
The Prime Minister said that along with power generation, power storage is also important.
Our discussions today were marked by convergence to accelerate our engagement and to scale up our partnership.
It also underscored the commonality of our values, interests and efforts.
I was looking into the suggestions received for “Mann Ki Baat”.
There are strict provisions for penalties for offences committed against persons with disabilities and violation of provisions of the new law.
After 8th November it is now Rs. 100 everywhere glittering.
He unveiled a plaque at Botanical Garden Metro Station, to mark the inauguration of a portion of the Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro, connecting Botanical Garden in Noida with Kalkaji Mandir in South Delhi.
Separated by a mere 90 nautical miles in the Indian Ocean, India and Indonesia share a continuity of civilizational relationship that spans over two millennia.
My conversations with President Sirisena and Prime Minister Wickramasinghe have only reinforced our will to join hands in achieving our common goals.
Interbank Local Currency Credit Line Agreement
About 70% progress of civil work and 40% of overall financial progress of the project have been achieved.
We believe that the initiative to establish the BRICS Networks of Science Parks, Technology Business Incubators and Small and Medium-sized Enterprises is a promising step in that direction.
Other programmes include a meeting with the Alumni Network in Durban and a reception hosted by the Mayor of Durban, at Durban City Hall.
They traversed a multitude of oceans, many a sea, over a distance of almost twenty two thousand nautical miles.
9. In our nation, there is no one big or small…everybody is equal.
This year the theme for National Science Day is ‘Make in India Science and Technology-driven Innovations’.
Prime Minister Abe and I have spoken of our determination to intensify our cooperation further.
He said this mission aims to provide the lower, lower middle and middle class with better civic amenities, and make their lives simpler.
He added that the Government accords priority to the development of Eastern India and with complete electrification, now Eastern India can play an even bigger role in India’s development journey.
The Prime Minister also emphasized the importance of imbibing safety norms and soft skills as integral parts of skill development.
The country is really proud of these Divyang friends for their achievement.
• Pursue an ambition to build a modern nation;
The Governor briefed the Prime Minister on the increasing trade and investment between Kentucky and India.
a) Multiple designation of Airlines by each party.
C Corporation will be earning precious foreign exchange for the country and increasing profitability of TCIL which is a Government PSU.
We have to live in harmony and in synchronicity with nature, we have to stay in touch with nature.
Now even the poor have achieved some kind of equality as they can also queue up at the ATMs to withdraw money with their RuPay debit cards.
But that paper got lost in files after coming out of parliament.
USA is one of the major contributors of foreign direct investment in India and many insurance companies have set up joint venture with USA based insurance companies.
At a large public meeting, he inaugurated the Integrated Check Post at Moreh.
What are the core qualities that distinguish an entrepreneur?
This campaign was owned by Versova Residence volunteer or VRV.
Focus on environment and climate remains our priority to ensure sustainable development.
You people should prepare the programme on the occasion of 75 years of your existence from today itself.
That we should take major inspirational challenges such as deep sea exploration and Cyber Systems.
Last year, we had made a resolution and had promised you that in the memory of Dr. Kalam, a memorial will be built in Rameshwaram.
India needs more entrepreneurs Mudra and Standup India are for that.
14.45 km stretch of Metro from Patna Junction to New ISBT
iii) All local support for Training & Certification of Energy Auditors in UAE
Thus, the Indian defence-industrial sector will have the opportunity to fulfill the needs of national security agencies in this category of small arms, resting upon advanced Russian technologies.”
From suffering unimaginable destruction due to the 2001 quake, Kutch is today known as one of India’s fastest growing districts.
He said that Shri Inamdar had imbibed this principle, and his life is a source of inspiration.
In May 2014, the total number of defence export permissions granted stood at 118, for a total value of 577 million dollars.
He suggested that Indian PSUs can link with PSUs with other countries, and develop a comprehensive strategy for overseas investment.
In addition, it includes areas like coaching, sports talent identification, sports management and administration, information system relating to youth and sports, science and technology development in sports, development and enhancement of information in sports etc.
The nearest airport Delhi is at about 30 km from Noida.
My dear countrymen, many thanks to you all.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered social reformer Nanaji Deshmukh, on his birth anniversary.
He thanked the various Members of the House, for adding vigour into the debate, and sharing insightful points
Through the ages, it has led in commerce and enterprise.
The cooperation is achieved through exchange of Information on developments in areas of railways, technology & operations, knowledge sharing, technical visits, training & seminars and workshops in areas of mutual interest.
Annual Action Plan (AAP) of the State / Agencies will be approved by Department of Agriculture, Cooperation & Farmers Welfare on revised cost norms.
This is a city of our country with industrial heritage.
Both sides agreed that the newly established G20 Resource Efficiency Dialogue will be an ideal platform for knowledge exchange and to jointly promote resource efficiency at a global level.
Also at the public meeting in Ghogha, the Prime Minister will inaugurate the Sarvottam Cattle Feed Plant of Shree Bhavnagar District Cooperative Milk Producers Union Ltd.
A team of students involved in building satellite “Sathyabamasat” called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in New Delhi, today.
He said that the number of SHGs have quadrupled over the last four years compared to 2011-2014 period, generating employment and creating entrepreneurs in rural areas.
India and Germany are large democracies, major economies and important players in regional and global affairs.
For over half a century, India’s flagship initiative – Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation, ITEC – has offered training and skill development to 161 partner countries from Asia, Africa, Eastern Europe, Latin America, Caribbean and Pacific Island states.
The whole world celebrates 8th March as Women’s Day.
Noting that the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre for Socio Economic Transformation is also part of this project, the Prime Minister said that this will be an important centre for research on social and economic issues.
He also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
Life & teachings of Lord Buddha embody service, compassion and renunciation.
No Indian president or prime minister had visited Israel before our president visited in 2015.
These projects highlight the continued emphasis of the Union Government to ensure ‘Ease of Living’.
Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana provides financial protection upto Rupees 5 lakh per family per year to over 10 crore needy families in case of hospitalization.
I’m confident that this visit of yours will be helpful in taking our relations to a new height.
Trade between India and the Uruguay has been expanding gradually.
Under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi, the entire nation came together with the aim of attaining freedom.
We have sought feedback even on minor issues.
I am in fear.
Friends, besides strengthening the interests of the consumers through the law, it is also necessary that the grievances of the people are promptly addressed.
No country is made by leaders or governments.
Such warmth, enthusiasm and the patience to bear limited inconvenience for a greater good is indeed very heartening.
But I feel I must share with you what he has written most prominently.
I congratulate the crores of people, particularly the poor, who benefitted from this initiative.
We must usher in the auspicious in 2018, enter the New Year with the resolution of the auspicious
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted BIMSTEC nations on the 20th anniversary of BIMSTEC (Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation).
Mr. Miroslav Lajcak, President-elect of the United Nations General Assembly and Minister of Foreign & European Affairs of Slovak Republic called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
We encourage measures that support greater participation, value addition and upward mobility in Global Value Chains for our firms, particularly in industry and agriculture, especially Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs), including through the preservation of policy space to promote industrial development.
21. The two sides acknowledged the importance of pulses in the bilateral trade basket, and the implications this trade has for the Myanmar farmers and Indian consumers.
He said that for both the Union Government and State Government of Uttar Pradesh, the nation and its people are paramount.
Let’s create an environment of cleanliness in the entire country.
There is hardly a day which does not have a festival ascribed to it.
Most beneficiaries said that the there has been an overall improvement in the quality of life.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today replied to the motion of thanks on the President’s Address in the Lok Sabha.
Can our mobile gets converted as mobile phone bank, yes or no?
Mr. Alexi Likhachev, DG, Rosatom
More than 500 medicines have been included in the list of essential drugs and their prices have been reduced.
Life truly goes on in terms of whether whatever you have learned, you have tried to live that also!
Further, the two countries will pursue under the leadership of the G20 strong outcomes to promote improved heavy-duty vehicle standards and efficiency in accordance with their national priorities and capabilities.
My Best wishes to all of you.
The Prime Minister said people’s participation is an important element of governance.
We were among the highest growing tourist destinationsin the world in 2017.
Centuries ago, the great Sanskrit Poet Bhartahari had written in his ‘Shataktrayam’.
Some games saw the participation of the whole family.
Shri Suresh Prabhu Commerce & Industry Minister, India and Dr. Harsh Vardhan, Science and Technology Minister, India
You are aware of the importance I attach to the development of smart cities.
Prime Minister Modi thanked Qatar for its support to the First International Day of Yoga on 21 June 2015, including through the issue of commemorative stamps by the Qatar Post to mark the occasion.
In our outreach segment with emerging markets tomorrow.
Paris Agreement was adopted by 185 nations last year on 12th December 2015 and India signed the Paris Agreement in New York early this year on 22nd April 2016.
The likes of Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan and Dr. Lohia were active during the ‘Quit India’ movement, inspired by the clarion call of Mahatma Gandhi, he added.
He met a group of extraordinary women who have achieved something significanty new in their respective fields.
The Prime Minister then arrived at the venue of the public meeting.
India is experiencing a digital revolution.
Mercedes Benz India inaugurated its second manufacturing facility in Chakan in July 2015.
While terming the improvement in the rankings as historic, the Prime Minister in a series of tweets, said that the jump is the outcome of the all-round and multi-sectoral reform push of Team India.
He recalled the sacrifices of over 33,000 police personnel, who have laid down their lives since independence, in line of duty.
Addressing a gathering, the Prime Minister said he was happy to be in Kedarnath, a day after Diwali.
Describing his vision for New India, the Prime Minister said that people would be the driving force behind the establishment, rather than the other way around – Tantra se Lok nahin, Lok se tantra chalega.
The Sides noted with satisfaction the longstanding cooperation of Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
I invite you to share your experiences on “Hashtag Yoga Fights Diabetes”.
Such villages are within the 25 km periphery of big cities.
2) In today’s age, in accordance with democratic traditions, we will encourage involvement of civil society with citizen activities.
The programme is aimed towards taking the message of nutrition to every household.
This institute started as a small cottage hospital.
The Prime Minister urged all Chief Secretaries to work expeditiously towards ensuring that all traders register under the GST regime, and this task is completed before August 15th.
Prime Minister Modi assured Prime Minister Oli that India remains committed to strengthening its partnership with Nepal as per the priorities of the Government of Nepal.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the MoU between India and the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland on the return of Illegal Migrants.
As the Co-chairs are rotational, the Secretariat also rotates and some time co-chairs are from different Continents with different time zone.
Our entertainment industry is making waves worldwide.
The jump in India’s ranking in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Report, from 142 to 100, in three years, is a result of this.
Many people connected with this sector have made cash deposits in the last few weeks.
Once approved by the Committee, DEA issues a formal letter to EXIM Bank conveying approval for financing of the project under CFS.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an ex- gratia of Rs. 2 lakh each for the next of kin of those who have lost their lives due to a building collapse in Ghatkopar, Mumbai.
If I combine the population of America (USA), Canada and Mexico, then the number of beneficiaries of Ayushman Bharat Program will be nearly the same.
We get the mantra to enable the society to fight against blind-faith through devotion and bhakti.
The consultation process has been going on ahead of this session as well.
I welcome you to New Delhi, for the Global Conference on Cyber Space.
The radicalism is the root cause of terrorism, claiming its path to be only right.
I will fulfill your aspirations.
Accordingly, the Government initiated the process for amendment to Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972.
The delegation conveyed its appreciation to the Prime Minister for empowering the institutions of local self-governance through the successful and peaceful conduct of Panchayat elections in Jammu and Kashmir.
Implementation of Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) projects under this commitment period in accordance with Suslainable Development priorities will attract some investments in India as well.
Today, the issue of transparency in financial transactions is a cause of serious concern for the world.
Under his leadership, the country proudly grew in stature in the field of nuclear power also.
The Prime Minister will later address the conclave.
In this period, he said, toilets in rural houses went up from 38 percent to 95 percent;
The job opportunities will be enhanced through the Mission by imparting advanced skills and generating skilled manpower as per the requirement of the industry/ society.
Friends have you ever thought of travelling in a Second Class railway Compartment without a reservation, and going for atleast a 24 hours ride?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone for various development projects in Mumbai.
My thoughts are with bereaved families.
It’s true that I myself have been a cadet in the NCC and so I know firsthand how one acquires a fresh perspective through such organizations.
Second, I also tell the country, that for the poor of the nation we would have to give out something for the poor in our country.
If you try to sympathise with the sufferings of others with a sense of service, a new self-confidence will be born within you.
vi) Conservation of Marine and Coastal Resources;
Nobody can be allowed to take law into their own hands.
And with this single expectation that all of you will join this journey of development I call upon all of you to join me in saying this with your full strength:
Railway Safety Fund has been set up which will help in ensuring adequate expenditure of funds on rail safety.
According to the report, five crore poor people in India have crossed the Poverty Line in the last two years.
The artefacts include wooden chair and sword used by Netaji, medals, badges, uniforms and other artefacts related to INA.
Hence, it is apt to rename the Agartala Airport after his name, which will be a befitting tribute to Maharaja Bir Bikram Manikya Kishore.
I had said that within a given timeframe, we will open bank accounts for the poor.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Equatorial Guinea for Cooperation in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine.
Our cooperation will extend to every part of Afghanistan.
And by having the Bankruptcy Code, GST, Real Estate Act to name a few, – a solid foundation for decades of higher growth has been laid.
PM to lay foundation stone of New AIIMS at Vijaypur in Jammu and Awantipora in Pulwam Foundation stone of 624 MW Kiru Hydroelectric project in Kishtwar to be laid by the PM Foundation stone of the new terminal building of KBR Airport in Leh to be laid by the PM PM to lay foundation stones / dedicate to the nation various development projects in Jammu and Kashmir
India is today the fastest growing large economy in the world with strong economic fundamentals.
He was an effective voice for Karnataka’s aspirations in Delhi.
People can submit their views through a survey consisting of 10 questions, which is available through the Narendra Modi App.
This year when they produced 16 lakh tons of pulses to provide nutrition to the poor, the government took the historic step of encouraging them by buying their produce.
The Forum will also present and explore the findings of the 12 Success Factors case studies that showcase how countries are collaborating across sectors to improve women’s, children’s and adolescents’ health.
The Prime Minister reiterated his dream that every Indian should have a proper house by 2022, and 1.3 crore houses have been made in his tenure.
In just 19 months, the government has given free gas connections to more than 3 crore 12 lakh women.
The pair of Sania Mirza and Rohan Bopanna met almost a similar fate in Tennis.
PM interacted with the newly elected Sarpanches.
Venerable Monks, Excellencies and Friends,
Cleanliness is also similar to this.
6. The leaders underlined the importance of regular high level contacts to enhance India-EU co-operation and mutual understanding.
Despite that, one should keep talking about it, and keep making the effort.
“Passage of Rights of Persons with Disabilities Bill – 2016 is a landmark moment and will add tremendous strength to Accessible India movement.
Let us talk about corruption and black money.
That is when, in Dhanera in the Banaskantha District of Gujarat, volunteers of Jamiat-Ulema-e-Hind cleaned twenty-two affected temples and two mosques in a phased manner.
Can we, beginning now, till the Yoga Day, devise a campaign to spread awareness on Yoga?
• Similarly, 5.47 crore subscribers under Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana (PMJJBY) with 1.10 lakh claims, involving an amount of Rs. 2206.28 crore settled so far.
Bapu even used to say that – ‘whosoever becomes martyr because of the violence perpetrated by the British, one should write this slogan on his body that he was a martyr of this freedom movement’.
This increase is in accordance with the accepted formula, which is based on the recommendations of the 7th Central Pay Commission.
I am truly delighted to be amongst the brightest and the best of Kenya.
This post forms a vital part of Diesel Component Factory, Dankuni on Eastern Railway and will strengthen the administrative frame work to ensure proper functioning of factory and to achieve the target outturn.
He also witnessed the Exchange of MoUs for Jan AushadhiKendras.
We are all praying for the speedy recovery of Marshal of the Indian Air Force Arjan Singh.
We need to expand the scope of community based efforts and support communities to identify local risk reduction measures and implement them.
The Prime Minister said that the health sector requires good doctors, and paramedical staff.
It will indeed be the best gift of 2018, in the new year for the Muslim women.
SDC will be under the administrative control of the Ministry of Shipping.
But Shalya mentality goes on.
The Jawans of our defence forces were demanding one-rank one-pension for several decades.
• Sufism is the voice of peace, co-existence, compassion and equality; a call to universal brotherhood, says PM Modi
After coming to power this government had laid the foundation-stone of this centre and the same government has inaugurated it.
My dear countrymen, I am worked up and I am restless because malnutrition has been a major hurdle in the development of the children of our country.
I have handled my officers first.
In the run-up to International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister has also taken to social media to share the intricacies of various Yoga Asanas.
Progress of important projects in the roads and railways sectors, such as the Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, the Quazigund-Banihal Tunnel, the Chenab railway bridge, and the Jiribam-Imphal project was also reviewed.
Prime Minister Modi also spoke about other initiatives of the government including Aadhar, 10% Reservation for EWS, Maternity Benefit.
India has played the role of “first responder” for its partner countries, in times of crisis, he added.
These Ashram School students began training in August, 2017, covering Wardha, Hyderabad, Darjeeling and Leh-Ladakh.
He said,” The budget will empower the poor, give a boost to the farmer and an impetus to the economic growth.”
To promote electronic manufacturing in India, Government has started the Electronic Manufacturing Cluster (EMC) scheme, through which 23 EMCs are being opened in 15 states.
He also dedicated to the nation, the Dahod Railway Workshop and Patan-Bindi Railway Lineand laid the foundation stone of Lothal Maritime Museum.
This government has transformed the entire work culture and has successfully encouraged a time-bound work culture.
He said it was necessary to make the tribal communities real stakeholders in the development process.
With the same spirit, I had started a similar movement by name of VANCHE GUJARAT when I was Chief Minister of the State.
More than 100 Atal Incubation Centres (AICs) are likely to established around the country, supporting at least 50-60 startups each over the first five years.
The completion of one thousand days, is an important milestone in our scientific journey, our space odyssey.
This could not have been possible without Jan Bhagidaari.
“Delighted that India won the Blind T20 World Cup.
Prime Minister Turnbull expressed shock at the killing and conveyed that the matter is being investigated.
At Baripada, he will dedicate to the nation, Balasore-Haldia-Durgapur section of LPG pipeline project of IOCLand the Balasore multi modal logistic park.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Gita Aradhana Mahotsav at ISKCON-Glory of India Cultural Centre, East of Kailash, New Delhi, on 26 February 2019.
Central University of Tamil Nadu, Thiruvarur
They now inspire a new generation of women entrepreneurs.
Same Institutions were not of their liking , same processes were not of their liking at that time.
The MoU will be signed during the visit of President of Uzbekistan to India on 1st October 2018.
Biofuels can help reduce import dependency on crude oil.
The announcements by Prime Minister Modi were welcomed by H.E President Yoweri Museveni, who affirmed that they would go a long way in further cementing and deepening the excellent bilateral relations.
125 years and 1.25 billion countrymen!
Progress of the Phulpur-Haldia gas pipeline project in Uttar Pradesh was also reviewed.
Every Indian should have access to good governance and positive results of development.
Excellency, the warmth of your hospitality and welcome during my visit to the Kyrgyz Republic in July last year is still fresh in my mind.
I can provide many such instances of Good Governance, simplifying the process of Governance.
Sports is an important means of personality development, he added.
It will extend coverage of City Gas Distribution to seventy percent of our population.
The Prime Minister said that since 2014, the Union Government has been dealing firmly with the distortions and problems that had arisen in India’s banking sector due to indiscriminate loan advances.
When I address election rallies, sometimes I suffer from a sore throat or a hoarse voice.
The stadium has been in disuse since 1997.
Nature has been kind to us.
How the government have functioned so far?
The people had put their hopes on the Prime Minister that you will bring down prices.
This should happen, of course, through our education system, and the conduct of our political leaders.
He specially thanked the women of Mehsana district, who have furthered the message of “Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao.”
The government has helped to open bank accounts of more than 30 crore poor people under the scheme.
This will offer diverse tourist activities in Ladakh and will result in more tourist flow.
b. First time right approach,
He welcomed greater US investment in the manufacturing sector in India, and invited US companies to explore opportunities for Make-in-India.
He spoke of the vast network of soil health laboratories being set up across the country, and the popularity of the Fasal Bima Yojana among farmers.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
Third, affordable, reliable, and sustainable access to energy is crucial for the development of our nations.
The Prime Minister said that several countries across the world have developed elaborate capacities to hold conferences.
11. 1st January 2018 will not be an ordinary day- those born in this century will start turning 18.
This incessant spirit of enquiry leads to new inventions.
Project will be commissioned by November 2020.
The Prime Minister will also interact with the beneficiaries of Ayushman Bharat at Kalaburagi.
I will be visiting France from 2-3 June, 2017.
Aayan Kumar Banerjee from Devi Tola village of North 24 Parganas in West Bengal in his comment on My Gov has written – “We celebrate Rabindra Jayanti every year but many people are not aware of the Nobel Laureate Rabindra Nath’s philosophy of living peacefully, aesthetically and with integrity.
Tanzania is an important East African country with historical ties with India and with substantial population of around 70 thousand Indian diaspora.
This year the United Nations have chosen the theme ‘Connecting People to Nature’.
Prime Minister Modi appreciated Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina’s development goals of transforming Bangladesh into a middle income country by 2021, and a developed country by 2041.
I also requested citizens to think about building a ‘Granth-Mandir’ – a temple of books – in their village.
The policy supports voluntary service in rural and under-served areas on pro-bono basis by recognized healthcare professionals under a ‘giving back to society’ initiative.
You might feel that what you could do.
Prime Minister Oli and I will have the honour and privilege to inaugurate the Nepal Bharat Maitri Dharmashala at the Pashupatinath temple complex.”
Salient Features of the Plan
It is the property of 125 crore Indians.
On Jammu and Kashmir, the Prime Minister emphasized that neither abuses, nor bullets, but only embracing, can solve the problems in the State.
These are the Thane-Bhiwandi-Kalyan Metro; and the Dahisar-Mira-Bhayander Metro.
*provide health care and improve agriculture;
The Prime Minister also laid the Foundation Stone for an International Convention Centre in Varanasi.
Our partnership can generate jobs and benefit both geographies.
Let me now turn to the issues that received high attention from the BRICS Leaders during the Summit.
BRICS Sherpas and Sous-Sherpas meetings 96.
South-South Cooperation holds great importance for us.
The magnitude of cash in circulation is directly linked to the level of corruption.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Israel on cooperation in the Oil and Gas Sector.
To use the words of President Juncker a few days ago, India-European Union relations today have a good wind in their sails!
The design of the exhibition has been conceptualized by the National Institute of Design.
And, in the fields, villages and cities of Afghanistan, we will work together for that future.
May the Almighty grant them the strength to bear this irreparable loss with courage and fortitude.
Under the Mudra scheme more than 13 crore loans have been given so far.
It has brought a new confidence among the traders.
They endorsed the Prime Minister’s vision of New India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Indian Cricketer Karun Nair, on scoring triple-century in the Test Cricket.
I would like to reiterate that all the political parties and all Indians will have to stand united in the fight against terrorism and destructive forces.
His Highness and I discussed ways to transform our energy ties in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
All this will affect energy demand.
He said the India-Russia relationship of the last 70 years, has been based on trust, and deepened, even in a changing world.
So far, around 100 athletes from 13 sports disciplines have qualified for the Rio Olympics.
The London residence of Babasaheb is being transformed into a memorial by the BJP government of Maharashtra after its purchase.
I am happy to announce that we have decided to give gratis visa to all citizens of Myanmar who are interested in coming to India.
I am missing Amma here, and can feel the void.
The last village in the North East has been electrified.
The Centre will help in utilizing the rich biodiversity of India to develop special rice varieties.
We all wish our contingent for the Rio 2016 Paralympics the very best.
And this time Twitter carried out a light hearted pleasant experiment in Yoga with its ‘Yoga imaging’.
The tradition of public celebration of Ganesh Utsav is Lokmanya Tilak’s gift to us.
We are working to model a partnership that befits our common ambition and meets our shared goals for the twenty-first (21st) century.
I am happy that the Tamil Nadu government is working hard to fulfill her development vision.
I wish to thank the Chief Minister, Siddharamaih ji, and his entire government for his assistance and efforts in organizing this event and making it a big success.
Once this Expressway is complete, Delhi will be connected via Expressway, to several major towns and cities of the State of Uttar Pradesh, from Noida in the west, to Ghazipur in the east.
Mr. Alexander Braverman, Director General , Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation
Both sides reiterated the importance of a strong United Nations and emphasized the need for an early reform of the Security Council.
The BRICS Interbank Co-operation Mechanism now proposes to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on General Co-operation with the New Development Bank.
This is irrespective of whether the person is from another country or from India.
Start-ups face several challenges – limited availability of domestic risk capital, constraints of conventional bank finance, information asymmetry and lack of hand holding support from credible agencies.
Giving examples of ODF targets and rural electrification, the Prime Minister urged the officers to work towards 100 per cent achievement of targets.
d) to establish exchange programmes for cooperation in Human Resource Development;
In addition, there is an ever growing need for National Highways, Bridges, and Mass Urban Transport systems, schools, hospitals and skill training institutes.
India being one of the fastest growing economies in the world, and steel finding its extensive application right from construction, infrastructure, power, aerospace and industrial machinery to consumer products, the sector is of strategic importance to the country.
Speaking at the conclusion of the presentations, the Prime Minister emphasized that the Union Government is open to new ideas.
Addressing a gathering in Madurai, PM said “In some ways, the laying of foundation stone of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences at Madurai today reflects our vision of Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat.
But we have small timelines.
Emphasizing the importance of connecting with the diaspora, he said former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee had initiated the concept of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas, which has been continued by successive governments.
In the past four years, our President, Vice President and I have collectively visited no less than 25 countries in Africa.
It possesses all modern amenities and is considered to be one of the most modern suburbs of Delhi in the National Capital Region (NCR).
The amendments are in line with one of the recommendations of the Standing Committee.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to the Chief Minister of Maharashtra Shri Devendra Fadnavis on the situation arising due to incessant rain in Mumbai and surrounding areas.
Certain separatist elements are trying to take advantage of this time and disturb the peace in Kashmir, and unnecessarily disrupt the lives of peace-loving citizens.
So stay calm.
He particularly mentioned the use of technology in governance, and asked the young officers to work towards technology upgradation in the working of Government.
Yogesh ji, I feel I should speak in detail to all of you on ‘Fit India’.
Following that is the Rakshak Chakra which depicts the spirit of security.
PM MODI: See the foreign policy is not about changing mindsets.
Our response to the needs of the Indian nationals overseas is defined by Accessibility, sensitivity, speed and promptness.
This is the birthplace of Satyagraha.
In this context, we welcome the first meeting of the India-Thailand Joint Business Forum to be held later today.
He made unwavering efforts towards serving the post-partition refugees in Delhi.
This is 8 percent more than the last record set up by our farmers.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Official amendment to the Rajendra Central Agricultural University Bill, 2015 for change of name from “Rajendra Central Agricultural University” to “Dr. Rajendra Prasad Central Agricultural University”.
The amount will be transferred directly to the bank account of beneficiaries through Direct Benefit Transfer.
Results that you achieve through your own hard work and diligence will invest you with a phenomenal and extra-ordinary self-confidence.
The Ramayana, the ancient Indian epic, continues to be a valuable shared legacy in ASEAN and the Indian subcontinent.
By 2030 India will be among the top three countries in science and technology and will be among the most attractive destinations for the best talent in the world.
These bad habits have become a part of our nature.
Not just that, he also established world renowned institutions and industries such as Tata Steel.
Already, we trade with each other more than ever before.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya, on his birth anniversary.
All of them denote one and the same thing, the difference being in the name only.
The amount of personal interest you have shown in foreign policy, probably none of the previous Prime Ministers showed the same kind of interest.
Even Christopher Columbus was attracted to Indian spices, and reached America, as he searched for an alternate sea route to India.
Minister of State in the Ministry of External Affairs.
He said that the construction of more than 9 crore toilets, has ensured sanitation, and a life of dignity, for crores of poor people.
However, today when so much of discussion is taking place about the economy, I would like to take you back in time.
This system will have a common time-table, common ticketing and centralised `command and control’.
All of us took up the responsibility and the result is that in the last four years or so, sanitation coverage has almost doubled and risen to around 80 percent.
He also laid the Foundation Stone of a Medical College in Ghazipur.
In the field of nuclear energy, we are purchasing six nuclear reactors from Westinghouse which will mark a new era in our nuclear and scientific cooperation.
However, the fiscal incentives will be available for a period of 120 months from the date of commencement of production in ER/UHC projects.
• A memento entitled “Divinity” received from SGPC, Amritsar, which had a base price of Rs. 10,000/- was auctioned for Rs. 10.1 lakh.
GST is among the most Historic reforms India has ever done- and it is going to be implemented from the next month;
I have come across the inquisitiveness of children, the ambitions of the youth, and the gist of the experience of elders!
The Prime Minister’s visit to Sri Lanka in 2015 did a synergy in India’s neighbourhood first policy.
I am looking forward to my meeting with PM Costa.
There are now 20 PSBs other than SBI.
The Commission has held extensive meetings with the stake holders including the State Governments, the State Backward Classes Commissions, various community associations and general public belonging to various Backward Classes and Commissions and also obtained records, caste-wise, of OBCs admitted in higher educational institution as well as similar caste-wise data of recruits in Central Departments, Central Public Sector Undertakings, Public Sector Banks & Financial Institutions.
It will also exchange information on trade and registration procedures, legal and regulatory requirements for export and import of pharmaceuticals products, including APIs.
The Indian voter today is very mature.
“Deeply saddened by the terror attack in London.
Dear Students,
At the General Zorawar Singh Auditorium in Jammu, the Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone of the Pakul Dul Power Project, and the Jammu Ring Road.
He added that India’s stature in the world is rising, and several countries are cooperating with India in fighting the menace of terrorism.
Prime Minister reiterated India’s commitment to support Bangladesh in fighting against terrorism.
Dr. Kim assured the Prime Minister that the World Bank would be proactive and fully support this agenda.
The Cabinet’s approval of a sum of Rs.20,339 crore to meet various obligations arising from interest subvention being provided to the farmers on short term crop loans, as also loans on post harvest storages meets an important input requirement of the farmers in the country.
Cheating makes you bad, so stay away from it.
Further, schools can be encouraged to discuss this in their classrooms daily for a few minutes, so that children too, are exposed to the strength and richness of our diversity.
Now that you have chosen this path, the journey should culminate at its intended and logical destination.
She was a product of this university.
The MoU would facilitate bilateral cooperation in the field of organ and tissue procurement and transplantation and better understanding between the two countries.
These additional efforts are not part of the World Bank’s requirement.
We have just now also signed an agreement on water supply project in Zanzibar for a line of credit of $92 million.
In India, Israel is perceived as a technological powerhouse, and a country that has braved many odds.
We will give back strong answers and in the language they understand.
In the 30s and 40s when only roads and railways were being talked about in India, Baba Saheb Ambedkar mentioned about ports and waterways.It was Dr. Baba Saheb who envisaged water power as ‘nation power’.
He replied, “No brother, nothing like that!
When there is cash in the hand, or in the pocket or at home, one is tempted to indulge in wasteful expenditure.
And my dear countrymen, there is another significant event that all of us should take pride in.
The Jain community celebrated the Samvatsari Parva yesterday.
In addition, about 1 lakh 25 thousand (125,000) persons will be trained under Udaan and HIMAYAT schemes so that unemployed people can get appropriate employment.
I earnestly pray for those injured in this natural disaster to get well soon.
The 2ndmeeting of BRICS Employment Working Group was held on 30th July to 1st August 2018 and BRICS Labour and Employment Ministerial meeting took place from 2nd August, 2018 to 3rd August, 2018 under the South African Presidency in Durban, South Africa.
We thoroughly understand the challenges that you have been facing.
Jammu & Kashmir is often called the crown of India.
Looking at the contribution of teachers in the country from the point of view of students is also immensely valuable in itself.
As the first President of India, his leadership and guidance was extremely valuable for our nation during the formative years.
Foundation Stone of the 9 MMT AVU of the Barauni Refinery Expansion Project will also be laid on the occasion.
Now, the State is poised to make a fourth LNG terminal, he added.
1. Implementation of these twin projects would help in addressing the problem of water-logging in 84800 Ha of land in Muktsar, Faridkot and Ferozpur districts in South-West Punjab.
I lost nothing thereby, not even money and certainly not my soul.”
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed in 2011 and Renewal of MoU between the Institute of Chartered Accountants, of India (ICAI) and Higher Colleges of Technology (HCT), United Arab Emirates.
Our relations date back to centuries, encompassing spiritualism, learning, art, trade and respect for each other’s civilisation and shared prosperity.
Floods in North Eastern States
Many Many thanks.
He said that emphasis is on road, rail and air connectivity, even in Odisha.
We believe that free flow of trade, investments, technology, and ideas across our borders will be to our mutual benefit.
It will be an eco-friendly sustainable building, using solar energy and LED lighting.
The establishment of C2C is also expected to increase ancillary development leading to employment generation in India.
In the instant proposal, 61.5 acre of Government land is to be allotted to Chandigarh Housing Board.
He said that GST would lead to immense savings of time and cost.
Speaking about the productivity of Lok Sabha, PM stated that total 8 out of 17 sessions saw a 100 percent performance while the overall productivity has been 85%.
I believe that India and AIIB are both strongly committed to making economic growth more inclusive and sustainable.
My fellow Indians spoke in one voice to entrust my government with a mandate for change.
My dear countrymen, every Indian today, is proud and holds his head high.
As home to one of 12 Jyotirlings of our country Rameswaram is not only a religious center.
i) Non-communicable diseases, including child cardiovascular diseases and cancer;
We believe that this work will contribute to our cooperation in adapting to the evolving internet economy.
Prime Minister Modi thanked President Solih for the special gesture of inviting him to the Inauguration Ceremony.
Further, these Programmes promote peace and understanding, and strengthen friendly relations between countries.
Regardless of the nature of business, Consumer satisfaction should be the prime motive.
ICT, in the present knowledge era, has the potential to play an important role in fostering economic growth, as well as in other dimensions of economic and social development of a country.
This is the 36th episode today.
ISRO will collaborate extensively with National agencies, laboratories, academia and industry to accomplish the Gaganyaan Programme objectives.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate banking services of the Utkarsh Bank, and will also unveil a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of the headquarters building of the Bank.
17 Underground and 29 elevated Stations along 61.679 km the 3 corridors 15 stations between Aerocity to Tughlakabad 25 stations between R K Ashram to Janakpuri West 6 stationsbetween Maujpur and Mukundpur
What you say is right.
Both sides have been working together in commercializing innovative technologies, and some of it will be evident at the Business Forum later today.
The MoU shall be implemented by establishing a Working Group on IT&E composed of representatives of the two Parties.
These projects are new chapters in a long history of strong and diverse defence partnership that both sides can take much pride in.
d. Modern trends in Maintenance and diagnostic;
Hesitating to act against terrorists and their anti-humanitarian supporters is also equivalent to promoting terrorism.
The themes may appear independent.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between the Directorate General of Civil Aviation of India (DGCA) and the French Civil Aviation Authority – Direction Generale de l’Aviation Civile (DGAC) of France to implement Technical Cooperation Programme for promotion and implementation of Standards and Recommended Practices of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO).
36. Violence has no place in our country.
While engaging with India, the investors used to bemoan the lack of infrastructure, the blackouts due to power shortage and the bottlenecks.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited the Quan Su Pagoda in Hanoi, Vietnam.
Whether it is for the kitchen of a common man or for an aircraft, energy is essential.
The portal, which works on the theme “Self4Society”, will enable IT professionals and organizations to bring together their efforts towards social causes, and service to society, on one platform.
Experience tells us that ordinary citizens are always ready to make sacrifices and face difficulties for the benefit of the nation.
Times and again it has been proved that those which follow such routes are destroyed themselves.
They also called upon all countries to work towards eliminating terrorist safe havens and infrastructure, in disrupting terrorist networks and financing channels, and stopping cross-border terrorism.
However, the total availability of pulses including domestic production and imports were was less than domestic requirements putting pressure on the prices of pulses during the year 2015-16 and current year.
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
Government has also been able to reduce the time needed to build a house from 18 months to 12 months, thereby saving about 6 months.
Statement of Intent between NITI Aayog and Ministry of Economy, Trade & Industry (METI), Japan on Artificial Intelligence (AI)
The two leaders reaffirmed the need for a comprehensive reform of the UN Security Council, including its expansion, to make it more representative, accountable, effective and responsive to the geo-political realities of the 21st century.
It will also enhance people to people contact through exchange programmes.
And I have told them in clear words that we should not perceive citizens as crooks.
We express our common readiness to engage in frank and result-oriented discussions with other WTO members with a view to improving the functioning of the WTO.
This would also result in bolstering India’s international relations.
At various places in the country, exhibitions have been organised by our Armed Forces in order to apprise the maximum number of citizens, especially the younger generation, of the might we possess; how capable we are and how our soldiers risk their lives to protect us citizens.
India and the EU agreed that the second Brussels Conference on Syria in spring 2018 will contribute to sustain international commitment to Syria.
The Prime Minister exhorted the officers to work with full dedication towards creation of New India by 2022.
I extend my heartfelt greetings to all those countries who are standing in solidarity with us and acknowledge our prowess.
He told that a Rs 600 crore project is coming up to use Betwa river water for drinking purpose for Jhansi and adjoining villages..
According to the reports released for the last financial year, there has been a reduction of 45% in the deposits made by Indians in the Swiss banks..
While we work for realizing the ‘Indian Dream’, we seek like-minded partners.
The Prime Ministers noted that women’s full and meaningful participation in political, social and economic life is key to inclusive development and agreed to promote the empowerment of women.
The MoU shall remain valid for a period of five (5) years.
India has emerged as the fastest growing major economy the last three years with GDP growth rate of over 7%;
We have launched a portal called “GEM”.
This is a matter of research.
In simple words, I may say that I try to cast myself into the mould of that young man, and put myself under his conditions and try to adjust and match the wave length accordingly.
Tendulkar had said that he only focuses on the ball that he is playing at present, and does not worry about the past or future.
The HEFA would finance the civil and lab infrastructure projects through a 10-year loan.
The cash to GDP ratio has come down to 9 per cent, from 12 per cent before demonetization.
This reduced the efficiency of the supply chain.
Railway passengers and Industry shall be benefited at large.
On the 23rd of January, the country celebrated the birth anniversary of Netaji in an uncommon, special manner.
Brothers and sisters, the essence of Babasaheb’s ideology has been rooted in many forms:
Cabinet approves taking over of Dr. B. Borooah Cancer Institute, Guwahati by Department of Atomic Energy
I am happy to tell you that today India is poised to contribute as a new engine of global growth.
Can you tell our viewers whether Pakistan was proactively responding in the months of October, November and December?
He said that these noble causes require close coordination and constant monitoring.
It is also a great privilege for me to welcome all of you in Amritsar, a city blessed with simplicity, beauty and spirituality, and abode to the Golden Temple, the holiest shrines of Sikhs.
Every Kashmiri wants peace, has faith in Democracy.
When a hundred and twenty five crore countrymen are standing by you, nothing is impossible.
Banks should also not let this opportunity slip.
The cyclone hit on November 30, 2017, and the search and rescue operations, began the same day.
“On Good Friday we recall the courage and compassion of Lord Christ.
He said that in just 100 days, over 6 lakh people had benefited from the Pradhan Mantri Jan ArogyaYojana.
Recalling the role of Surat in freedom movement, Mr. Modi expressed hope that the city will emerge as one of the fastest developing cities across the globe in a decade with a surge in the investments in the city.
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana is another such scheme that aims at removing the inequality.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed in November, 2015 between India, and United Kingdom for Cooperation in Public Administration and Governance Reforms.
Prime Minister congratulated both the Secretaries and their Indian counterparts, External Affairs Minister and Defence Minister, for holding of the first 2+2 dialogue between the two countries.
7. The two leaders agreed to enhance cooperation to strengthen maritime security in the Gulf and the Indian Ocean regions, vital for the security and prosperity of both countries.
f) Getting electricity
When Maharashtra elections were going on, I had said that for 15 years this vehicle of Maharashtra is stuck in a ditch, bailing it out of that will need double engine.
This was a first of its kind event in the entire world.
In a way, a positive mindset towards our daughters is leading towards societal acceptance.
He observed that girls born in villages of Haryana are making the country proud in the global arena, and the youth of Haryana is helping make India a global sports power.
19. Cooking gas was available to 14 crore people in the last 60 years.
Further, it would provide strategic importance for India in terms of enhanced presence in Indian Ocean where other international: players are also active.
Go to a destination and spend three to four days there.
The leaders of the 5 BRICS countries held an informal meeting on the sidelines of G20 Summit in Hamburg, Germany.
The Prime Minister criticised attempts by certain elements to stall the law which would provide protection to Muslim women from “triple talaq.”
So far, over 681 scientists including 576 from India and 105 from 34 other countries have been trained at this centre in various aspects of operational oceanography.
·-If we have a look at the recently released data, the production of coal, electricity, steel and natural gas has registered a robust growth.
These experiences will enrich your lives.
Funds will be released in 02 tranches keeping the size to get attractive yield from the borrowers.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Senegal in the field of Health and Medicine.
All the political parties have also been extremely positive and cooperative in their response.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday met and interacted with a group of over 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
The MoU in the field of IT&E is technical in nature and focused primarily on e-Governance, m-Governance, e-Public Services Delivery, Cyber Security, Capacity Building etc.
Whatever capabilities you posses, use these to mentor your children, and, howsoever occupied you might be, spare time for them, be with them.
I would like to mention some of them.
My endeavor always is to see for myself, hear, read and understand your thoughts.
PM will flag off the first ever Diesel to Electric Converted Locomotive at Diesel Locomotive Works in Varanasi.
The Committee lauded PM’s initiatives to make the government cleaner through anti-corruption measures and demonetization.
They added that these coins will greatly ease their daily routine.
The first specification of Scheduled Tribes in relation to a particular State or Union territory is by a notified Order of the President, after consultation with the State Government / UT concerned.
Last evening, President Kenyatta and I had a memorable interaction with the Indian diaspora.
However, over the last four and a half years around 8 crore ghost beneficiaries have been taken out of the system.
Our stock markets need to raise capital in innovative ways for projects in agriculture.
1. The Central Goods and Services Tax Bill 2017 (The CGST Bill) 2.
At BJ Medical College ground, PM will launch various projects related to health and railways.
Tell me, which Indian would not feel proud at such happenings?
He said that the reforms being undertaken by the Union Government are also aimed at improving ease of living for the common people.
There is no strain of disappointment!
The MoU will also help in greater cooperation in capacity building in the field of AtoN training in the South Asian region.
India is a Party to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).
He said the successes of small States and Union Territories, could be replicated by large states in one district to begin with.
This proposal of Department of Expenditure was approved by Prime Minister under Rule 12 of (Transaction of Business) Rules, 1961 on 02.01.2017.
It needs efficiency in energy use.
ARNAB: Mr Prime Minister what is the ‘Lakshman Rekha’ that you would draw when it comes to Pakistan.
From UN Security Council to Multilateral Export Control Regimes, India and Netherlands have had very good and close cooperation and coordination.
India welcomed the decision by the UK to provide additional support to Indian businesses by establishing a reciprocal Fast Track Mechanism for Indian investments into the UK.
Once again, I congratulate these daughters and their spirit of adventure for bringing laurels to the country, for raising the glory of the Navy and significantly so, for conveying to the world that India’s daughters are no less.
The Agreement was renewed on 29th July 2006 for a period of ten years.
The amalgamation will be the first-ever three-way consolidation of banks in India, with the amalgamated bank being India’s second largest Public Sector Bank.
We have seen closely what is working and what is not.
He stressed on the importance of human resource management, systemic improvement, and infrastructure strengthening in the Department of Posts.
All of them came together as a team to accomplish their mission.
The Programme will also meet the launch requirement of satellites for Earth observation, Navigation and Space Sciences.
Under Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojna, now the villages will be connected to rural haats (markets), higher education centers and hospitals.
Recently, you might have read in newspapers, that a court in Mandsaur in Madhya Pradesh, after a brief hearing of two months, pronounced the death sentence on two criminals found guilty of raping a minor girl.
I pay my tributes to HH Pramukh Swami Maharaj.
Laying of foundation stone of Sri Krishna Ayush University, Kurukshetra
He attributed the success of these tests, to the skill of our scientists.
But a quantum particle can!
We are willing to extend our cooperation to expand this model.
He said that today marks the birth anniversary of two great leaders – Nanaji Deshmukh and Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan, who devoted their life to the betterment of the nation.
3. Exchange of experience in the field of crop production and theirdiversification;
Economic Independence through Industries.”
All of us will need to make united efforts to become TB-free.
“I salute the people of India for wholeheartedly participating in this ongoing Yagna against corruption, terrorism and black money.
Hailing the visionary leadership of PM Modi, the Czech PM appreciated the rapid growth of Indian economy and huge opportunities for enhancing bilateral trade & investment relations.
The Prime Minister said that as maritime neighbours, there is a vast scope for cooperation between India and Indonesia on development of Blue Economy as well as in the domain of maritime security.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for Constitution of a Committee to recommend the process for conferring / recognizing ownership or transfer / mortgage rights to the residents of Unauthorized Colonies (UCs) in Delhi.
Recently, in the Asian games, our players have shown that no matter how poor you are, no matter what kind of a family you come from, with confidence and hard work, you can make your country proud of you.
South Korean National IT Industry promotion Agency has already opened their Indian office in Bengaluru to facilitate Korean startups to India.
The MoU will promote cooperation in the areas of mutual interest pertaining to the development of blue economy.
It is estimated that the MDR to be reimbursed to the banks in respect of transactions less than Rs.2000 in value would be Rs.1,050 crore in FY 2018-19 and Rs.1,462 crore in FY 2019-20.
This programme, which has already started giving results, will soon revive the Ganga, our most precious river.
“Today, on World Toilet Day, we reiterate our commitment towards enhancing cleanliness and sanitation facilities across the nation.
Training is given for employment as well as self-employment to meet the aspirations of youth for a better life.
Acknowledging the greetings of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed his happiness that they had assembled from all parts of the country to meet him today.
Russia expressed its support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Vibrant Gujarat Global Trade Show
Once implemented, this Bill together with the Code will provide a comprehensive resolution framework for the economy.
A Sri Lanka where: -unity and integrity; -peace, harmony and security; and -equal opportunity and dignity.
In this regard, he mentioned steps taken by the Union Government, such as demonetization, and implementation of stringent laws against black money and benami property.
The Prime Minister recalled that Lokmanya Tilak had written the “Gita Rahasya,” while in jail, in which he explained in a simple way, Lord Krishna’s message of Nishkam Karma.
It has been a unifying force among nations.
I thank you for your leadership and your contribution to the strengthening of the India EU strategic Partnership.
The new bridge is part of up-gradation of the Kakarvitta (Nepal) to Panitanki Bypass (India) on NH 327B covering a length of 1500 meters including a 6 lane approach road of 825 meters.
And our Future is built on the Choices YOU Make, and the Actions YOU Take.
The Prime Minister mentioned the various development projects and works that he has either inaugurated, or laid the Foundation Stone for, over the last two days.
The initiative has resulted in growing interest of German companies in India.
In the Global Innovation Index 2016, we have moved up 16 rungs and in the Logistics Performance Index 2016 of the World Bank, we have risen by 19 ranks.
Construction work has also been awarded for AIIMS, Gorakhpur (U.P.).
He also spoke of the splendid performance of Korea in the Indian sport – Kabaddi – at the Asian Games.
The Prime Minister praised Dada Vaswani for his selfless service to humanity.
Indian energy companies must become multinational; and work towards India-Middle East, India-Central Asia, and India-South Asia energy corridors.
There are many efforts being made by the government.
This signifies the relative ease and efficiency with which products can be moved into and from a country.
Over there I met those students of the Pune College of Engineering, who on their own have made a satellite, which was launched on 22nd June.
The Prime Minister has also said that the Centre is working closely with the local administrations and army for safety of life and property of all those affected.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
Only by doing so can we replace hate with harmony; destruction with development; and, transform the landscape of violence and vendetta into a post-card for peace.
And, with proposed construction of another eight reactors, our wide ranging cooperation in nuclear energy is set to bring rich dividends for both of us.
I have been noticing for the last two days that many people have uploaded pictures of the Simhastha Kumbh Mela.
Hailing the health sector revolution in Gujarat, Prime Minister said that the hospitals that have come up in the past few years in Gujarat will greatly benefit the poor.
At Kumbh, he will participate in the Swachh Kumbh Swachh Aabhaar event, organized by Ministry of Drinking Water & Sanitation.
According to Reserve Bank today, the estimates from the next quarter are expected to show a rise in the growth of economy which may reach eventually to 7.7%.
My heartiest greetings and best wishes to you all on this New Year.
He stressed on the need to develop energy infrastructure and access to energy in Eastern India.
The power to keep the account right lies with you.
He said that the event reminds us of the sacrifice of those who fought for freedom, and the responsibility that this places on all of us.
He said the Union Government is working towards providing housing for all by 2022.
vii) Integrated water management of Oceanic/Sea Islands; and
Those who know the soil conditions of Rajasthan would know how mammoth this task is going to be.
The Institution will consist of a hospital with a capacity of 750 beds and trauma center facilities.
1. Persons holding old notes of five hundred or one thousand rupees can deposit these notes in their bank or post office accounts from 10th November till close of banking hours on 30th December 2016 without any limit.
The decision would help in better patient care, proper academic activities in Medical colleges as also in effective implementation of National Health Programmes for delivery of health care services.
• The Steering Committee will be comprised of Secretaries from Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, Ministry of Power, Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, Department of Science and Technology, Department of Heavy Industry, Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, and Director General, Bureau of Industrial Standards.
And you must have seen that many issues have been resolved.
In our diverse nation, the role of vernacular newspapers – newspapers published in regional languages – remains as important today, as it was then.
In the long run, the scheme is expected to address farmer migration and improve crop intensity.
81 cities are being covered under City Gas Distribution networks.
Now with the time change they demand Gas pipeline too.
But by 2013, India had become one of the “fragile five” global economies.
Briefly, the Order envisages:
And, you would have also seen that we have brought the process to a successful conclusion with a contract that will provide a boost to defence manufacturing in India.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister’s address:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, who is on a day-long visit to Uttar Pradesh, visited the Modern Coach Factory in Rae Bareli today.
In addition, there is a good weather already existing.
Some practice may have been prevalent a few centuries ago but if it was felt redundant, it was altered.
With this objective, an extensive exercise was undertaken to redesign laws and re-engineer government processes to make business environment simpler and more conducive.
Rakshabandhan, Janmashtami, Ganesh Utsav, Chauth Chandra, Anant Chaturdashi, Durga Pooja, Diwali – these will be observed one after the other.
He was the founder of Jan Abhiyan Parishad and also edited the monthly magazine “Charaiveti” and JAP, Jan Abhiyan Parishad Journal.
And for this, we are ready to take all steps required to equip our Armed Forces, including through the establishment of a strategically independent defence industrial complex.
Gen. Wei Fenghe, State Councillor and Defence Minister of China, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
Huge potential for technology spinoffs in areas such as medicine, agriculture, industrial safety, pollution, waste management, water and food resource management etc.
Together, we will harvest new opportunities for beneficial engagement and redouble efforts to address common challenges that may come in the way of realizing our full potential.
The Prime Minister credited Mr. Goh Chok Tong as an early and strong votary of ASEAN’s engagement with India.
And it’s not that only the young are climbing Everest.
We are betting on the skills and strengths of India’s youth.
Through the day, there were presentations and useful discussions on various subjects relating to security.
He said if everyone is alert, the evil designs of the terrorists can be foiled.
The MoU will further enable ICAI to promote the Accounting and Auditing profession and all matters that might lead to the development of the profession and improve its status.
He said that the Union and State Governments have both worked together towards improving EoDB, in the spirit of cooperative, competitive federalism.
Talking about the other schemes, the scheme for providing ‘soil health cards’ to the farmers was launched in February 2015.
I wish to congratulate all players who have won medals for the country.
We are focused on quick operationalization of our defence cooperation.
He noted that one of them was a Lok Sabha MP and the other was a Rajya Sabha MP.
Slowly and steadily, an effort is on to address these issues through talks and make them less cumbersome.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban).
I have always believed that Yoga has no religion.
I have immense confidence that this new team will leave no stone unturned in making UP Uttam Pradesh.
It is our endeavor to take full advantage of this for our mutual benefit.
15th of December is the death anniversary of Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel.
The Prime Minister said that before independence, the Civil Services were tasked with the objective of preserving the British Raj.
The Agreement will also facilitate easier visa arrangements for Maldivian citizens and their families, to come to India for medical treatment.
All these great men travelled widely in India.
It will also help consolidate the recent gains in our engagement and reinforce our ties in the months and years ahead.
I congratulate these daredevils, especially the daughters from the core of my heart.
This cooperation is expected to open doors of new opportunities for Indian MSME sector by way of new markets, joint ventures, sharing of best practices and technology collaborations etc.
Most of the activities are being already undertaken or can be integrated within the existing systems of various Ministries under training, communication and data management, etc.
He said that the Union Government had taken decisions which had been pending for long, including higher MSP for farmers, GST, and One Rank – One Pension.
Each selected AIC would be receiving grant in aid upto Rs 10 crore over 3-5 years in tranches per year, based on review and evidence of planned milestones reached.
And therefore I shall say to you ‘Smile More Score More’!
“I congratulate Justice Dalveer Bhandari on being re-elected to the International Court of Justice.
The total expenditure involved in this project is Rs 800 Crore.
I compliment President Museveni and this House on the decision to join the International Solar Alliance.
Please also think how you can expand the role of technology in your profession.
“On National Science Day, my greetings and best wishes to our scientific community.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Strengthening of teaching, patient / clinical care and public health programme implementation – Shifting of more experienced doctors belonging to Central Government and Central government entities to teaching/ clinical / Public Health Programme implementation activities.
The select beneficiaries include – Self Help Groups working on Anti-alcohol movement, maize value chain and marketing from Bihar, Brick making unit from Chhattisgarh, Business correspondent Sakhi and tamarind value chain and marketing and one beneficiary from Jharkhand Manufacturing and marketing of sanitary napkins and DDU-GKY from Madhya Pradesh.
5 Minute Aur is a great effort that will further fitness levels across India.
Central University of Orissa, Koraput
Our economic ties continue to follow an upward trajectory.
Truly our young generation, especially the daughters of our country are doing so much to bring glory to the nation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of Framework of Understanding (FoU) on Cooperation in the Hydrocarbon Sector with Bangladesh.
The two leaders agreed that India and China have separately made major contributions to global peace and prosperity through their respective growth and economic development, and would continue to act as engines for global growth in the future.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the medal winners of the recently concluded 18th Asian Games, at his residence, today.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a telephone call today to H. E. Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad to congratulate him on assuming office as the Prime Minister of Malaysia.
1. The Agreement enables the competent authorities of India and Samoa to provide assistance through exchange of information that is foreseeably relevant to the administration and enforcement of the domestic laws of the two countries concerning taxes covered by this Agreement.
After expiry of initial period of seven years, the future lease period will be made afresh as per AAI policy in-vogue.
The presence of over sixty countries and seven thousand delegates here, is a reflection of that common quest.
Name : Shri Rajen Gohain
In this context, they directed their officials to identify specific new areas of collaboration at the next meeting of U.S.–India Counterterrorism Joint Working Group.
In fact, the total FDI inflows received during the last year have been the highest ever.
Taking inspiration from Gandhiji who had organized satayagrahis, we have succeed to mobilize ‘Swatchagrahis’.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed condolences on the passing away of Mr. George Fernandes.
I thank you all for supporting the Government.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy for cooperation in Agriculture and Phytosanitary issues.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has lauded the passage of the Constitution (One Hundred and Twenty-Fourth Amendment) Bill, 2019 in the Rajya Sabha.
Can you provide some information about that?
So I just want to ask you this, can’t this be transformed into a pleasant atmosphere?”
Rs 1000 for LMV
Peacocks and snakes are supposed to harbor great enmity.
In every moment of his life, the message of love, sacrifice & peace was palpable.
All these students deserve hearty congratulations.
You can register yourselves for the ‘Swachch Bharat Summer Internship’ on Mygov.
c) the Protocol for Prevention of Pollution from Ships Annex VI to Marine Pollution Convention,
Programmes already running:
i. The investment limit per fiscal year has been increased to 4 kg for individuals, 4 Kg for Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) and 20 Kg for Trusts and similar entities notified by the Government from time to time.
Our future is much bigger than cutting and polishing alone.
State Governments have been told to inform urgently whenever they need any assistance.
It can also add to the growth and income of the region.
We are committed to building a defence industrial complex that has room for everyone – public sector, private sector, as well as foreign firms.
Therefore don’t let your time go in vain.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the recapitalization of EXIM Bank.
On the recommendation of the National Commission for Backward Classes (NCBC), a total of 2479 Entries for inclusion, including its synonyms, sub-castes, etc. in the Central List of Other Backward Classes have been notified in 25 States and 6 Union Territories.
I would like to see such a reading and library movement in the entire country.
He said 1000 crore rupees have been transacted through GeM so far and 28,000 suppliers have contributed to this platform.
He said that after the implementation of the Jan Dhan Yojana, the entire population of the country will be connected to the banking system.
Today, new educational institutions are being set up and the North-East India is becoming the new hub for organic farming.
Background:
The form of cooperation under the MoU will include promoting the exchange of knowledge and expertise through study visits, seminars, conferences and meetings of experts of the Signatories, stimulating joint research and development of capacity-building programs/training, exchange of training groups and other activities for the purpose of academic and applied research and training, promoting mutual participation in and/or initiation of relevant collaboration projects and programs, promoting public private partnerships.
The MoU will help in understanding the system of customer oriented public service delivery in Portugal with reference to rapidly changing environments in the area of public service management and enable in replicating, adapting and innovating some of the best practices and processes in the Indian Public Service Delivery System, leading to improved public service delivery in India.
“I bow to the great Babu Jagjivan Ram ji on his Punya Tithi.
This is one of India’s success stories.
Keeping this in mind, in December 2015, the Union Cabinet approved a Special Package Fund for the North Eastern States.
24. Both sides recognized the importance of establishing mutually agreed procedures for the rescue and rehabilitation of victims of human trafficking.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted teaching community on the occasion of Teachers’ Day.
Specific areas of cooperation include ecosystems, climate variability and land-use changes, energy, minerals, environmental health, natural hazards, risk and resilience of assessments, water resources, and informatics and data integration.
He said the components of “Industry 4.0” actually have the ability to transform the present and future of human life.
In this context, expansion of bilateral trade, greater flow of capital between two economies, and stronger developmental partnership are a priority.
The approval of consolidation proposal of DPW will also facilitate promoting foreign direct investment in the country and signal the investor friendly ambience in the port sector.
Chartered Accountants of India have earned laurels across the globe for their dexterity in Financial Skills.
The Prime Minister asked officers to remain ever mindful of the credo of ‘competitive cooperative federalism.’
PM will lay the foundation stone of Indian Institute of Technology –Dharwad and Indian Institute of Information Technology –Dharwad.
The Farmer is the son of the soil, how can a farmer see the mother Earth falling sick?
He said that along with the Green Revolution and White Revolution, we must stress on Organic Revolution, Water Revolution, Blue Revolution, and Sweet Revolution.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a National Apprenticeship Promotion Scheme.
Today, in the twenty-first meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to patents and trademarks.
Describing the importance of Common Service Centers (CSC), Prime Minister said that CSC’s across India are providing digital services to rural India.
But we must also connect with the drive to rid the country of black money and corruption with all our might.
“Today what I see as the biggest challenge facing the education is that it has come to focus solely on examinations.
Heads of State and Health Ministers from various countries and 1200 delegates would be participating in this forum.
Many more do not have access to clean cooking fuel”.
We in Asia have learnt from disasters.
They are very experienced and knowledgeable.
I have seen that small children of the family do this very enthusiastically.
This is followed by the Tyag Chakra.
At a time, when emphasis is on personal gain, and what one may get out of any endeavour, Yoga offers a refreshingly different approach.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of learning, and said there should be a natural inclination to be a learner at all times.
Our brave soldiers ensured that India remains protected and gave a befitting answer to those who tried to vitiate the atmosphere of peace,” the Prime Minister said.
You all should start preparing for it right away.
He said the beneficiaries of such schemes are the labourers, the workers, the farmers etc.
Sports is about physical fitness, mental alertness and personality enhancement.
For this reason, many committees would sit which would receive many proposals and suggestions on the issue of lessening the gas subsidy.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the start of holy month of Ramzan.
Prime Minister noted with satisfaction the positive all round progress in bilateral cooperation between India and Russia.
For many years, economists and other experts have held corruption to be one of the main constraints on the growth of any developing economy.
The Prime Minister reiterated his vision that relationships between regions and provinces of two countries are a vital part of nurturing the bilateral relationship.
Clause (4A) provides for giving benefit of promotion in service to the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes.
It also serves as a bridge to a shared future.
Andhra Pradesh Government will execute the project on behalf of Government of India.
And his visit to India is happening during a special moment in our relations.
On the eve of the birth anniversary of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the Dr. Ambedkar National Memorial at 26, Alipur Road in Delhi on April 13th.
· BRICS Business Council Energy Forum – 24 July (Johannesburg)
You have brought glory to the Nation.
i. The National Electoral Council of Ecuador;
This time, people all over the world, on Yoga Day, were witness to two special events.
15. President Solih expressed his happiness at the signing of the Agreement, as this will facilitate many Maldivians who send their children to school in India, to be able to accompany them.
And the work of Sardar Sarovar Dam was finished just 10 days ago.
Every day, they can write one simple sentence in their language of publication, along with its translation, and trans-literation, in all major Indian languages.
He informed that in the last 2 years around 1000 villages have been connected through roads.
I would like to tell the media not to make heroes out of those people who make such comments.
The status of the employee, hitherto determined by grade pay, will now be determined by the level in the Pay Matrix.
In this ‘Pariksha Pe Charcha’ program, I will touch upon a lot of things related to all the facets of examinations with my young friends, especially on the topic of stress free exams.
The Prime Minister called upon Governors to strengthen the “Ek Bharat, Shrestha Bharat” initiative, which promotes partnerships, cultural exchanges and people to people linkages among States.
Banks have been asked to take this into account when deciding on working capital.
The Prime Minister said that bilateral relations between India and France have expanded from the triad of Defence, Space and Civil Nuclear cooperation to encompass a broad range of sectors, especially counter-terrorism, maritime security, and renewable energy.
The Russian Side offered its expertise in tax collection based on satellite navigation technologies for the realization of joint projects in India including in the framework of above mentioned industrial corridors.
This would enable the Trust to enhance the quantum
We further stress the importance of a favourable external environment for sustained growth of global trade.
Through Make in India we are offering a platform to Global Companies to produce in India and to make better use of our huge human resource.
In line with the Government initiative of ease of doing business, the Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for delegating the powers to Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas and Finance Minister to award the Blocks/Contract Areas to successful bidders under Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy (HELP) after International Competitive Bidding (ICB) based on the recommendations of Empowered Committee of Secretaries (ECS).
Every Indian, irrespective of region, caste, religion, sect or language, is ever eager to express joy and show solidarity with our soldiers.
The meeting was attended by senior Union Ministers related to economic matters; Maharashtra Chief Minister Shri Devendra Fadnavis; Lieutenant Governor of Delhi Shri Anil Baijal; and senior officials from the Union Government, Maharashtra Government and Delhi Government.
4. People of India stand shoulder to shoulder with those affected in the wake of natural disasters in parts of the country & the death of children in the hospital.
The pay and allowances of Lieutenant Governors of Union Territories remain at par with those of officers of the rank of Secretary to the Government of India.
My dear countrymen, Ganesh Chaturthi is being celebrated with great fervor all across the country.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
The completion of the identified irrigation projects will generate immediate wage and other employment opportunities in good measure during the construction phase.
My endeavour has always been to ensure that the nation moves forward on the strength of people’s participation.
Yogiji also had written this meticulously in one of his poems.
Some part of the land is encroached.
All our sportspersons gave their best and played very well.
Government has taken some decisions in the interest of small and medium businesses, which will also boost employment.
PujyaBabasaheb gave hope to lakhs of people belonging to the poorest and marginalised sections of society.
Exams in themselves, should be a joyous occasion.
Yoga is far beyond physical exercises.
• Encourage industry partners to develop supply chains for small and medium sized enterprises (SME) with major Defence & Aerospace Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs)
Affected consumers who feel the benefit of commensurate reduction in prices is not being passed on when they purchase any goods or services may apply for relief to the Screening Committee in the particular State.
“Poshan Maah” (the month devoted to nutrition), is being celebrated in September 2018, across the country.
There was no argument on it
And, our energy partnerhship continues to grow.
However, at the same time, we are insisting on Zero defect and zero effect manufacturing.
He was there for nearly two hours.
I join 1.25 billion Indians in once again extending a very warm welcome to all of you in Goa for the eighth (8th) BRICS Summit.
We advocate for a strong Global Financial Safety Net with an adequately resourced, quota-based International Monetary Fund (IMF) at its centre.
Trade Unions so recognized would be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
He had said that ‘Earth provides enough to satisfy everyone’s need, but not enough for everyone’s greed.’
MoU on 70 years of diplomatic relations between Indian Council of Cultural Relations and Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperation, Government of the Republic of Italy
• No discrimination against women in the matter of recruitment, training, transfer or promotions.
We acknowledge the progress made in promoting cooperation according to the BRICS Roadmap of Practical Cooperation on Ensuring Security in the Use of ICTs or any other mutually agreed mechanism.
Prime Minister said that police forces have a big role to play in strengthening the bond between police and society.
Our strength lies in sharing our knowledge, capacity and prosperity.
They looked forward to opportunities to deepen the U.S. – India global develop pment cooperation in Africa, as well as in Asia and beyond.
“I will be visiting Singapore on 14-15 November, to participate in the ASEAN-India and East Asia Summits.
Meetings of Experts for BRICS Agriculture Research Platform (27-28 June 2016, New Delhi; 21 September 2016, New Delhi) 15.
The Prime Minister said that the PM Jan Arogya Yojana, launched from Jharkhand three months ago, is today providing medical assistance to lakhs of poor.
Twelve walls have been utilized for murals and paintings.
To this end, we will work to strengthen bilateral trade and economic linkages, and facilitate greater people-to-people exchanges.
The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) has been mandated to promote international cooperation in the emerging and frontier areas of Information and Communications Technology (ICT) under bilateral and regional framework of cooperation.
And that is why it will not be difficult for us to have quality drinking water.
They should impart to this as much strength as they can with their new ideas, technology and processes.
The Prime Minister said a team of young officers from across States should now deliberate and learn from these best practices, by visiting each State.
We must have clear outcomes from the Nobel Exhibition and the Science City.
He said that through Cinema important social issues such as sanitation, women empowerment, sports etc are now reaching to people.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar to all of you!
There is just one group which has made it the issue of prestige.
Cheap medicines through Jan Aushadhi Kendras are a boon to the poor.
One realizes after playing, despite not knowing the language of a particular state, “Oh!
He advocated collective voice against the practices of protectionism, especially in the spheres of trade and movement of knowledge and professionals.
iii) Both sides agreed to operate any number of all Cargo services between each other’s territory with any type of aircraft with full 3rd, 4th and 5th freedom traffic rights.
Email and personal computers brought about a new revolution in the nineties.
Andas the episode of Mann Ki Baat draws closer, I read ideas and inputs sent by you very minutely while travelling.
It’s nice to hear that so much attraction has grown for Yoga, so much curiosity has developed for Yoga.
Devotees from Ajmer Sharif Dargah, and railway employees from Rewari in Haryana also interacted with PM.
The factors behind cost escalation are due to inflation from March 2009 to March 2015, change in surface power house to underground power house, increase in capacity from 990 MW to 1020 MW, additional requirements due to Bhutan’s National Transmission Grid Master Plan and adverse geological condition encountered during the project.
Captain Mithali Raj has been leading from the front.
He said that he considers it his honour to visit Patna University and be among the students.
30. India and Myanmar reaffirmed their commitment to work closely in the UN and other multilateral organizations.
Ties that have been forged in blood and generations of kin-ship.
The President and I discussed the need for creating a comprehensive global legal framework, particularly through early conclusion of the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism.
At the event, Prime Minister will unveil the Bhagwad Gita, prepared by ISKCON devotees to the world.
Today, Virat Kohli in India and Steven Smith in Australia are shaping the young brigades of cricket.
As we approach this milestone, President Atambayev’s visit to India will drive the process and our efforts of deepening our partnership.
The recommendations in the Agriculture Export Policy have been organised in two categories – Strategic and Operational – as detailed below:
The Goods and Services Tax, or GST, has eliminated the multiplicity of taxes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today unveiled a plaque to launch the Saurashtra Narmada Irrigation (SAUNI) Project at Sanosara in Gujarat.
The Youth Summit, the Artist Residency, the Music Festival, and the Start Up Festival for digital commerce among our youth were intended for this.
He said that NRIs have an important position in the Action Agenda till 2020, drafted by the NITI Aayog.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
50. Over 1.75 lakh fake companies have been shut down.
It will be equipped for production of cleaner Fuels for India.
Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas; and Minister of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship.
I wish you all a successful and fruitful Conference.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to road accident in Satna, Madhya Pradesh.
Friends together, on October 2, 2014, we had embarked on a memorable journey together to clean our country and to get rid of open defecation.
When terrorism and extremism have become the most destructive force of our times, the message of Sufism has global relevance, he added.
Now we lay upto 100 km of rural roads a day
The Convention implements two minimum standards relating to prevention of treaty abuse and dispute resolution through Mutual Agreement Procedure.
He always used to say ‘A- sarkari, Asarkari’, meaning non government is effective.
The perfect blend of hygienic, nutritious and tasty processed food, with the added benefits of preventive healthcare, can be produced economically, here in India.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed across a range of sectors.
The concerned State Government will furnish guarantee for the Loan.
There was a time when the world used to call India’s economy risky.
The rationalization of the CSSs would ensure optimum utilization of resources with better outcomes through area specific interventions.
I’d like to make an appeal to the people and the Tamilnadu government.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous nation.
In the run-up to the Conference, decisions were expected on a permanent solution on the issue of public stockholding for food security purposes as per the Bali/Nairobi mandate and other agriculture issues.
Project will be covered under the legal framework of the Metro Railways (Construction of Works) Act, 1978; the Metro Railways (Operation and Maintenance) Act, 2002; and the Railways Act, 1989, as amended from time to time.
Looking ahead, it is important that our people remain at the centre of our journey.
The Prime Minister said it is his privilege to have come to the birthplace of Chandrashekhar Azad.
India remembers 2009, and how the DMK and Congress allotted portfolios after the elections.
The objective of the bill is to confer the status of Institutions of National Importance to National Institute of Food Technology, Entrepreneurship and Management (NIFTEM) at Kundli, Haryana, and the Indian Institute of Food Processing Technology (IIFPT) at Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO on the successful launch of India’s communication satellite, GSAT-18.
A Joint Working Group on Public Administration and Governance Reforms will be responsible for implementation of the MoU.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of the Technical Arrangement between India and Switzerland on the identification and return of Swiss and Indian Nationals and its implementation.
3. It will also ensure coverage of all the blocks in Jammu & Kashmir under DAY-NRLM and ensures social inclusion, social development, promotion of livelihoods leading to poverty alleviation in the State.
Delhi Mass Rapid Transport System Project (Phase 3) (III)
A lot of garbage was being dumped into the river and along its banks.
We feel proud that we areco-workers; we are the Parliamentarians in the same time period.
Prime Minister Netanyahu and I agreed on the need to do more in this direction.
Some highlights of New Steel Policy
The latest statistics from Swiss bank accounts stand a testimony to the strict measures by the government on the Black Money issue.
He said the appeal was inspirational, and he has heard very encouraging news in this regard from the Supreme Court and the High Courts.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Hazira in Surat tomorrow on 19 January 2019.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today addressed the Indian community in Manila, Philippines.
I am eager to hear from my fellow BRICS leaders on their vision for a stronger, deeper and vibrant BRICS community.
And, shape our partnership and engagement in a manner that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and also touches your lives.
1. Exchange of information regarding laws, standards and product samples of mutual interest;
29. The two sides welcomed the recent developments in India-Saudi co-operation in the defence sector, particularly in the fields of exchange of expertise and training, especially after the MoU on Defence Cooperation signed during the visit of His Majesty King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud to India in February 2014.
• Myanmar Institute of Information Technology;
Socially useful innovations had been invited.
A meeting was held between delegates of the Ministry of Interior Affairs, Afghanistan, United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), Afghanistan and officials of the Bureau of Police Research & Development (BPR&D), MHA at New Delhi in October 2016 and Afghanistan delegates expressed their desire for assistance from India in the field of Police training, police development, law enforcement, strengthening the rule of law in Afghanistan and building sustainable long term cooperation.
With this new practice of people’s participation, our effort to take the country forward with people’s involvement will help us to reach our goal.
“Saddened by the demise of Shri Pyarelal Wadali.
The Prime Minister later inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
Government budgetary support would be 60:40 between Centre and States/UTs, 90:10 for NER and Himalayan States and 100% for UTs without legislature.
The fact that so much of the cash in circulation has been deposited in the banking system indicates the success of this mission.
The World Bank has sanctioned a loan of USD 375 million for Jal Marg Vikas Project (JMVP) on 12.04.2017.
But our supreme objective is peace.
IIMs are recognized as world-class management Institutions and Centers of Excellence and have brought laurels to the country.
My dear countrymen, there are a few things which appear small but they have a far reaching impact on our image as a society.
About 100 Probationers of the 2017 batch of the Indian Police Service, today called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Your heroes are an inspiration for the younger generations.
Stating that the River Narmada has been a life-giver for centuries, the Prime Minister said that in recent times, the Narmada has been brutally exploited, and that is what had led to the need for a Narmada Seva Yatra.
He said the Union Government is working to ensure that all parts of India receive the fruits of development.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the revision of pension of BSNL pensioners and family pensioners, who retired prior to 10.06.2013 by allowing the benefit of merger of 50% DA/DR with Basic Pay/ Pension, effectively amounting to 78.2% DA/DR for the purpose of fitment, and (ii) Modifying the liability of BSNL towards the payment of pensionary benefits to the retired employees.
It draws its strength as much through our interconnected values of Buddhism as it does from the limitless possibilities of our shared future.
One can only imagine the predicament of these teenagers in the face of death, where every second was fraught with danger.
In the year of 2015, we have received highest ever FDI.
PM announced that another 500 seats in the state medical colleges would be added soon.
Yunmo Sung, Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy,
My Ministerial colleagues,
UDAN has added 40 Airports on the air map of India.
Prime Minister laid the foundation Stone of Integrated Command and Control Centre for Agra Smart City.
Like in the past, our experiences and expertise are available for Kenya’s benefit.
They underscored the huge potential for expanding bilateral trade and investments between the two countries.
This will help farmers getting short term crop loan up to Rs. 3 lakh payable within one year at only 4% per annum.
It will be constructed at an estimated cost of Rs 700 crore.
And this happens not just to the players.
He said science, innovation and research would be the foundation of ties between India and Israel in the future.
Three years ago you vested the responsibility of ‘Pradhan Sewak’- the Chief Servant of the People upon me.
It has a total water storage capacity of 109.31 MCum with Irrigation Potential of 7585 hectares benefitting about 21 villages of Dhule district.
I have discussed with President Kenyatta ways to engage them with our trade, investments and cultural exchanges.
This very month, 20 year old Vedangi Kulkarni from Pune became the fastest Asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle.
# My name is Meenu Bhatia.
I want to humbly submit that the sale of khadi products since independence has doubled.
“The enchanting and effervescent Northeast calls!
The entire state thus resolved to fight against these social evils.
Various new features have been incorporated in the new series of circulation coins to make it more easy for the visually impaired to use them.
In this context, he praised the efforts of Utkarsh Bank.
India has also played an active role in the process of revision.
India and ASEAN nations have relations free from contests and claims.
The Prime Minister said that anonymity is the biggest strength of the civil servant.
However, our Winter Session is getting started.
He will launch the Van Dhan Yojana, which aims at empowering tribal communities.
I express my gratitude to the administration, government and especially the people of these five states, for achieving this objective.
The forward-looking dialogue raised the level of strategic communication about the perspective, priorities and vision that guide their respective policy choices domestically, regionally and globally.
We have to identify our targets and work towards achieving them by 2022, when we mark 75 years of freedom, the Prime Minister said.
Your Excellency President Duterte,
Please come forward and join me in this fight as a soldier.
India’s rank has risen to 100 in the latest report compared to 130 in the Doing Business Report, 2017.
Collaboration may occur through several means, including joint research projects, joint R&D, joint workshops, Research and Technology exchange including exchange of domain experts.
I would like to tell you a little thing about myself.
We have to create jobs?
Lord Buddha’s first sermon in Varanasi,which I have the honour to represent in the Parliament,set in motion the wheel of Dhamma.
We have set a target to construct capacity of 175 Giga Watt of renewable energy by the year 2022.
The two sides remain determined to counter all forms of terrorism and violent extremism, considering them fundamental threats to international peace and stability.
When demonetization was announced, the world was surprised.
The Prime Minister was addressing a public rally at Indira Gandhi Stadium in Solapur after launching and laying down foundation stones of several development projects for the region.
The approved alignments are expected to provide the much needed connectivity to the commuters and would traverse through some of the densest and traffic congested routes in the Pune Metropolitan Area.
Every Indian takes pride in his accomplishment.
To the progress and prosperity of the people of Kenya, our Indian Ocean neighbours,
He also noted that for the first time since independence, pilgrims arriving for Kumbh had a chance to visit the Akshay Vat.
Gandhiji, Jai Prakashji, Deen Dayalji were such great personalities who remained far away from the corridors of power but lived every moment for the people, kept fighting all odds following the principle “Sarv Jan Hitay – Sarv Jan Sukhay”, they kept endeavouring tirelessly.
Shri Ravindra Nath Chairman and Managing Director, National Small Industries Corporation (NSIC)
Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Yogi Adityanath said PBD and Kumbh in Uttar Pradesh are a reflection of Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat.
(ii) To work out the mechanism, criteria, norms and parameters, in a scientific approach, for sub-categorization within such OBCs, and,
Earlier today, the PM inaugurated the Vibrant Gujarat Global Trade Showat the Mahatma Mandir Exhibition cum Convention Center in Gandhinagar.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
Hence our resolve is to see to it that we have a democracy in New India, where people are not driven by the system, rather the system is driven by the people.
This exceptional youngster brings home a Gold in the Men’s 10m Air Pistol event at the Asian Games 2018.
The National Security Advisor, Shri Ajit Doval, was present at the interaction.
The challenge before us is of technology, particularly with respect to storage.
Every athlete who represented India at 2018 Commonwealth Games inspires us.
You must have seen how within a hundred hours of the attack, retributive action was accomplished.
Currently,India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Khanij Kshetra Kalyan Yojana.
Both are linked with investments.
Shalya belonged to the Mahabharata era.
He compared the civil services to the fourth lion of the Ashoka Emblem, which remains invisible, yet makes its presence felt at all times.
The activities are expected to promote creation of new scientific knowledge, generation of intellectual property, innovations and products development in both countries.
· First Meeting of the BRICS Trade Promotion Working Group – 10 May (East London)
• to the improvement of all sectors and
The campus Tmat Jammu was setup in the academic year 2012-13 and is working from a temporary building since then.
Revision of pension using the second option based on fitment factor of 2.57 shall be implemented immediately.
During the visit a bilateral meeting was held between Hon’ble MoS(IC), AYUSH with the Parliamentary State Secretary Ms. Ingrid Fischbach during which both sides had unanimously agreed to begin the process of drafting and negotiating a JDl in the field of AYUSH and Natural medicine.
He said both countries are proud of their glorious heritage.
Two books: an updated version of the Constitution of India; and “Making of the Constitution” were released on the occasion.
AIIB started its financing operations in January 2016.
The Commemorative Postage Stamps on India-South Africa: Joint Issue depicts image of DeendayalUpadhyaya and Oliver Reginald Tambo of South Africa.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the award is to be disposed off by the Court within one year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the scientists on National Science Day.
Thanks to our efforts, capacities have increased and prices of renewable energy have crashed.
He has been in public life for 50 years- 10 years in student politics and 40 years in state as well as national politics, the Prime Minister added.
And we should never underestimate its value.
It will be applicable from 01.07.2017.
An all out effort is being made and I believe that nobody doubts the sincerity of this government
The Policy seeks to reach everyone in a comprehensive integrated way to move towards wellness.
He said 2nd October marks the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri; and is an occasion to reflect on how far we have travelled towards our goal of Swachh Bharat.
Located at Films Division Complex in South Mumbai, it is spread over two buildings, in the historic Gulshan Mahal and New Museum Building.
Have directed the authorities for speedy search and rescue ops.” the Prime Minister said.
To facilitate investment of Japanese companies in food value chain in State of Uttar Pradesh
Such timely steps would not have forced my 125 crore fellow countrymen to stand in queues.
Friends, The government has been paying full attention for strengthening the social infrastructure of the country along with the strengthening of physical infrastructure related to important sectors like rail-road and electricity.
In the last four decades, India has emerged as the leader in diamond manufacturing and export.
27. Our scientists have created 131 types of high yielding variety seeds, so that we maximise output.
But now that we are going to have the bounty of rain water, we must see to it that it doesn’t just flow away.
It also does tremendous amount of damage to the representatives who have come here after a lot of hardwork and struggle to speak about the problems of the people but are not given the opportunity to speak.
This can be heard in India and Bangladesh.
This scheme covers around 30 lakh people from Jammu Kashmir alone.
Main objectives of the MoU are:
The Prime Minister explained how Direct Benefit Transfers are benefiting the common people.
He will unveil multiple projects in the state.
A historic milestone in the Indo-Danish Science and Technology relationship was reached on 22nd May 2018 through signing of an Agreement on Cooperation in the field of Science, Technology and Innovation between India and Denmark.
• For the Sufis, service of God meant service to humanity: PM Modi
We want balanced development where an ordinary person’s aspirations are fulfilled, infrastructure is strengthened; we want to move ahead with brotherhood in our hearts.
India and Bulgaria had previously signed an Agreement on cooperation in the field of tourism on 26.05.1994.
Then, I note down facts like the name of the village and of the person.
The projects already received under the scheme have the potential to generate employment to the extent of upto one million persons (direct and indirect).
Maybe the system has also become accustomed in dealing with these problems, and so do have the people become accustomed to them.
I think we need more satire and humour.
And, congratulate you once again in our shared success!
It will have ‘Centres of Excellence’ showcasing high-end, niche technology like High Speed Train.
But, I saw that this time in most of these suggestions, people had asked me to say something about the Rio Olympics.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on General Cooperation with New Development Bank (NDB) through the BRICS Interbank Cooperation Mechanism by Government at the level of Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs/ Export Import Bank of India.
A metamorphosis is needed.
c) Payment of Rs. 1882.775 Lakhs as compensation to the State Government of Andhra Pradesh to facilitate them for acquisition of land and for associated construction of alternate road.
Till 2016, a total of 1,71,605 freedom fighters and their eligible dependents have been sanctioned pension under the scheme.
Among the projects reviewed today are: the Mumbai Metro, the Tirupati-Chennai Highway, long-pending road projects in Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, and Manipur, and important power transmission lines in Jammu and Kashmir and the North-East.
Meanwhile, steps would also be taken up for setting up campus at Jammu and an out-campus in Kashmir region.
He will address a public meeting.
• The Leaders desired the early convening of the meeting of Biennial Trade Ministers’ Forum (BTMF).
But they are also now in the queue.
It can easily grow into a people’s movement for planting trees.
He added that it will help bring the required speed and scale to work being done in India.
The fundamentals of our economy are sound.
Following is the complete text of the article.
i. Amendment to the Customs Act, 1962; ii.
He said that under this Mission, the Government is focusing on demand creation, indigenous manufacturing, innovation and energy storage.
Some TV channels also took this idea forward.
What do we need to connect to?
In June this year, we have further relaxed our FDI regime.
Given the special nature of bilateral relations with Fiji, exchange of plots on reciprocal basis by way of exemption from charging commercial rate for the plot of land allotted to High Commission of Fiji has been considered positively.
I also pray to the Almighty to give long life and good health to her.
Recalling Mahatma Gandhi’s Satyagraha to free us from colonial rule, the Prime Minister said that today there has to be Swachhagraha to make India free from dirt.
The Prime Minister urged the officers to work towards improving the processes of governance.
He said that approximately 75% of the loans under MUDRA are given to female entrepreneurs.
We also direct the TNC to expedite the negotiations on the Agreements on Services and Investment.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need to work towards concrete objectives to reduce stunting, under-nutrition, low birth weight, and anaemia.
a. Put water conservation on the national agenda in India
He has also expressed his special appreciation for the efforts put in by Group of State Transport Ministers to formulate these amendments.
His Royal Highness appreciated consistent efforts made by Prime Minister Modi since May 2014 including Prime Minister’s personal initiatives to have friendly relations with Pakistan.
My Dear Countrymen, Namaskar
The sale would be through open competitive bidding to government agencies and the outstanding liabilities will be met from the sale proceeds.
Addressing the audience of doctors and students of Tata Memorial Centre via video conferencing, the Prime Minister hailed invaluable contribution of Tata family towards humanitarian services and social responsibilities, particularly in the field of cancer cure, care and research.
But this did happen and India got freedom.
The students and teachers here have come through a national ‘Ideathon’ competition and hail from all over the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Guru Ravidas on the occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
When we create more industries, we create more employment opportunities.
But this decision is for country.
PM said, “As we mark the 350th Prakash Parv, I bow to the venerable Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
In 2018, we are projected to grow at 7.4 per cent.
Green Revolution (Krishi Unnati Schemes and Rashtriya KrishiVikas Yojana)
Now this money. is being spent for the development of the cities and spurring economic growth. .
I am sure, this recognition will be a motivating factor for those who have taken to writing as a noble profession.
Setting up of unhindered order is one of the prominent contribution of Yogi ji.
He said nutrition requires constant focus and development of good habits, which can be provided by Anganwadi workers.
World class engineering education base and strong R&D facilities;
You may now like them, re-tweet them, post them to your friends.
He added that this is a fight for the future of India’s youth.
His message is that of tolerance, of devotion, of surrendering oneself to the divine of One Lord with different names – the gyaani, the yogi, and the devotee.
Mission Indradhanush (MI)
He clears plastic, polythene, used bottles, dry or wet waste – every piece of dirt from Aisa’s biggest lake near Srinagar.
Skill development and community empowerment should be central to your business plans.
We also need to give importance towards living in harmony with nature and not think about short term gains, he added.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the establishment and operationalisation of Indian Institute of Management (IIM) at Jammu in a transit/temporary campus at Old Government College of Engineering & Technology from the Academic Year 2016-17.
Minister of Finance; and Minister of Corporate Affairs.
For about two months now, everyday fifteen thousand people have been winning a prize of a thousand rupees each.
However, wide support was expressed for the multilateral trading system and the commitment to move forward on various areas of work in the WTO.
The Terminal building is being constructed at a cost of Rs.354 Crore with an area of over 25,500 square metres.
The Commission held extensive meetings with the stake holders including the State Governments, the State Backward Classes Commissions, various community associations and general public belonging to various Backward Classes and Communities.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the reforms to boost employment generation and exports in the Made-ups Sector.
If we clean the river Ganga then nobody can stop its stream and that is why the government has been engaged in cleaning the Ganga by spending the billions and billions of rupees.
You are connected to Google Guru, try searching on it and get associated with any such organization for 15 days or 20 days.
Let every Indian have a house of his own – Housing for All.
Background
Convening of the meeting of the Energy Forum to develop a road map for energy cooperation v).
Spoke to the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Thiru Edappadi K. Palaniswami regarding the situation arising due to cyclone conditions in the state.
When I was in Gujarat, I found that at least 80 to 90 officers were spending two to three months on election duties in other states.
20. The President of Maldives reiterated his country’s support for India’s candidature for permanent membership of an expanded and reformed UN Security Council.
We have to accept that the demand for jobs is very high.
The Prime Minister said that facilities that are associated with cities must also be made available to our villages.
No aim or vision for India’s growth.
The Prime Minister arrived at the Swami Vivekanand Airport in Raipur this morning and then left for Balangir.
Most of the sectors of our economy are now open for FDI.
Our scientists have brought laurels to the nation, witnessed by the whole world.
A day without precedence.
Shri Khandu Maruti Mhatre, a farmer of Narayanpur village of of Junner Taluka of Pune got his granddaughter Sonal married in a very inspiring manner.
I am informed that 30 percent of these beds are free beds, which means patients are not charged.
She thanked Indian diaspora for their linkages with the motherland.
The Cabinet has also decided that arrears of pay and pensionary benefits will be paid during the current financial year (2016-17) itself, unlike in the past when parts of arrears were paid in the next financial year.
In a series of tweets from his twitter account Prime Minister said:
Out of these 4 are Fundamental or Core Conventions.
The ‘Make in India’ initiative was launched by Prime Minister in September, 2014 as part of a wider set of nation-building initiatives devised to transform India into a global design and manufacturing hub.
The period also saw 26 % increase in fish farming due to Blue Revolution and 24% increase in Animal Husbandry and milk production.
Cooperation with Sectoral VET/ Centres of Excellence of Belarus is proposed for Research and Development in the skilling ecosystem.
Strong Steering and Monitoring Mechanisms in the form of Mission Governing Board (MGB), Inter-Ministerial Coordination Committee (IMCC), Scientific Advisory Committee (SAC) and other Sub-Committees will guide and monitor the Mission implementation.
Today as we head towards a new India, in which we want to honour those who are doing their work at the grass-root level without any care for a reward.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured.
People who served as Chief Ministers are in jail for their corruption, he asserted.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in resolution of grievances related to income tax.
The Prime Minister encouraged the entrepreneurs to work towards promoting the social welfare schemes of the Government among their employees.
I hope that these adaptations will inspire other countries and regions to develop similar strategies.
But the way suggestions have come pouring in through my App, it seems this should be a subject of constant discussion for the entire nation.
Talking about health stents, Prime Minister Shri Modi said that earlier citizens had to sell or mortgage property to purchase health stents.
India has friendly relations with Peru.
And a Mahakumbh of National integration
SFAC is a registered society set up under the Societies Registration Act XXI of 1860 under the administrative control of Department of Agriculture Cooperation and Farmers Welfare, Ministry of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare, Government of India.
PM will unveil the plaques to inaugurate Super Speciality Block of Rajaji Medical College, Madurai .
Congrats to all sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track in ”Usha School of Athletics”.
The main objective of the decision is to enable the State Governments to issue control order with the prior concurrence of Central Government, for fixing stock limits/licensing requirements in respect of sugar, whenever need is felt by them.
These are just a few examples of the direction in which we are moving.
Dr. H. Wiranto, Coordinating Minister for Political, Legal and Security Affairs of the Republic of Indonesia, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that social infrastructure is essential for the development of every nation, and therefore, we need top quality schools and hospitals.
During the visit, I will hold extensive discussions with Prime Minister Mr. Nguyen Xuan Phuc.
Instead of avoiding an issue, we dealt with the issue;
‘New India’ is neither a government programme, nor is it the manifesto of a political party, nor is it a project.
And, just as in India, here in Philippines also, the government wants to see change, bring about inclusive growth, Develop infrastructure, and fight corruption.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the ratification and entry into force of the third Protocol to the Convention between India and New Zealand for the avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income (Convention).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid homage to soldiers on Kargil Vijay Diwas.
Follow-up
I would urge the participants to reach out to each other and to derive the greatest benefit from this summit.
And, we are proud to have been able to contribute to peace on the Korean peninsula.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has lauded the contributions of eminent personalities and groups towards “Swachhta Hi Seva”.
This decision will allow filling up of more than 5000 vacancies by direct recruitment in Teachers’ Cadre duly ensuring that the Constitutional Provisions of Articles 14, 16 and 21 shall be complied with and stipulated reservation criteria for the Scheduled Castes/ Scheduled Tribes and Socially and Educationally Backward Classes are met with.
Gujaratis mark the start of a New Year a day after the Diwali.
Borrowing in the last quarter of the year 2017-18, especially during the last two months of the year 2017-18 would be avoided.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the Subhas Chandra Bose museum at Red Fort, New Delhi on 23 January 2019.
And in our country subsidy has turned into a kind of a right that people expect.
Preeti Saran Secretary (East) Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) Cambodian side: Mrs. CHOU Bun Eng Secretary of State, Ministry of Interior (Human Trafficking) Government of the Kingdom of Cambodia
Your Excellency President U Htin Kyaw, Members of the media,
The Prime Minister said that the maximum benefit of enhanced infrastructure will be for the middle class, and the medium enterprises of the country.
The Supreme Court in its order dated 16.11.1992 in WP(C) No. 930/1990 (Indra Sawhney and others vs. Union of India) observed that there is no Constitutional or legal bar to a State categorizing backward classes as backward or more backward and had further observed that if a State chooses to do it (sub-categorization), it is not impermissible in law.
The Prime Minister said he was grateful to President Maithripala Sirisena Prime Minister Ranil Wickramasinghe, and the people of Sri Lanka, for inviting him as the Chief Guest at the International Vesak Day festivities in Colombo.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
This was not limited only to owner driven reconstruction of houses, but also to construction of community buildings.
We have connected Mahamana Express from Baroda to Banaras.
When caste distinction and hierarchy had been recognized as integral to society and religion and every one had accepted her place as high and low in the hierarchy, Saint Shri Ramanujacharya rebelled against it – In his personal life and religious teachings.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been approved the Proposal of Ministry of Power to allocate 85% power to the Government of Telangana generated from Telangana Super Thermal Power Project (4000MW) of NTPC Ltd. and 85% power from expansion project of Patratu Thermal Power Station (4000MW) of Patratu Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited (PVUNL), a subsidiary company of NTPC Ltd, to the State Government of Jharkhand.
This digital exhibition, which showcases the integration of India, and the contribution of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, has been prepared with the inspiration of the Prime Minister.
Thuglak and Cho – it is difficult to imagine one without the other.
We should use each Kumbh Mela to make people aware of how we can increase our value for water, our faith in water; how we can spread the message of water conservation.
It certainly contributes to better health.
And when I’m saying EPI in place of VIP, the essence of my sentiment is clear – every person is important.
This time around, there have been innumerable letters and phone calls in regard to GST.
The Prime Minister invited President Moon to visit India at an early date.
Friends, For my government and for me personally, engagement with the overseas Indian community has been a key area of priority.
C. Healthcare and Wellness
5. Seminar on Make in India to showcase the Success Stories of Make in India program & key interventions by the Government.
He said India has become the world’s second largest producer of mobile phones, and Uttar Pradesh is leading this manufacturing revolution.
He offered floral tributes at Sant Kabir Samadhi, on the occasion of the 500th death anniversary of the great saint and poet, Kabir.
India is playing a crucial role in shaping up the discourse and providing leadership to these organizations.
The world had compared and weighed India on the same terms for its population, GDP and employability on its specific global parameters.
Besides infrastructure, the Prime Minister mentioned several initiatives such as Ujjwala, and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, which have seen rapid progress in Assam.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is also working to ensure a clean Ganga.
Mid Day Meal Programme
The Prime Minister recalled that the Union Government had also fulfilled its pledge of providing One Rank, One Pension to the soldiers and ex-servicemen.
Some have been noticed, while the rest may not have been noticed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the Indian Women’s Hockey Team for winning the Asian Champions Trophy 2016.
The provisions for Central Government employees under Central Civil Services (Pension) Rules, 1972 with regard to gratuity are also similar.
Perhaps, it should happen more often.
The country must stand with those being persecuted in the neighbouring countries, he added.
The significance of the constitution that our great men had bequeathed to us is such that the people who have the constitutional posts in India today are those who were born in rural areas or had poverty stricken family background; they have not come from any rich family.
No other large economy in the world is growing at over 7% year after year.
Airports Authority of India xi.
Over the first five years of the Sendai Framework, we should develop a global network of universities working together on problems of disaster risk management.
Exams are there to only gauge whether we are going the right way or not, whether we are moving at the right speed or not.
Also, extensive work is going on to set up Health Wellness Centres across the country.
But I want to assure my Muslim mothers, sisters and daughters that I will not stop till they get justice.
And when these things came to my notice I felt that these suggestions are extraordinary.
The dairy sector has emerged as a vital area for the rural economy.
During his tenure, the 44th constitutional amendment was introduced.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and France in the field of Renewable Energy on 10th March, 2018 in New Delhi.
MoC between India and Japan in the field of Environment Cooperation.
Over the next two days, you will meet many women who have dared to be different, in their own walks of life.
राष्ट्रपति Donald Trump, Friends, Ladies and Gentlemen of the media,
PM says, GES is a unique opportunity for bringing together entrepreneurs and start ups with global leaders
33. During their discussions on regional issues, the two sides emphasized the importance of the principle of good neighbourliness, non-interference in internal affairs, respect of independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity and resolution of dispute through peaceful means.
Growth in the rate of Dollar vis a vis Rupee used to be the headline in the newspapers while the growth of interest rate was animatedly debated .
The MoU was signed on 15th October 2015 at New Delhi.
The Prime Minister has shared his views for each of the ASEAN member nations as follows
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Rasmussen held bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the Vibrant Gujarat Summit in Gandhinagar on 18 January 2019.
“I share the view of many of my fellow citizens about Israel.
The Prime Minister said that Sant Kabir represents the essence of India’s soul.
We have also recently launched Ayushman Bharat, our National Health Protection Mission.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi arrived Leh in Ladakh in the first leg of his one day visit to Leh, Jammu and Srinagar today.
The scale at which elections are held in India is a matter of great awe for the World.
“Anguished by the demise of MP and former Union Minister, Shri Sanwar Lal Jat.
Give special importance to Baba Saheb Ambedkar’s birth anniversary this time and the BHIM App.
He also attended the valedictory function of centenary celebration of Shri Saibaba.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the holy Vachanas of Basavanna, translated into 23 languages, and addressed an event to mark the inauguration of Basava Jayanthi 2017, and Golden Jubilee Celebration of Basava Samithi, at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi.
Some people give more importance to the caste in which they have taken birth than the land on which they have taken birth.
My dear countrymen, certain things touch me very deeply and my heart bows in respect to those who visualize such heartwarming initiatives.
Trade, Investment and Finance
This digital movement is a golden opportunity for our youth.
They reviewed ongoing official exchanges, economic, trade and cultural ties, as well as people-to-people exchanges that reflect the harmony between Myanmar’s independent, active and non-aligned foreign policy and India’s pragmatic Act East and Neighbourhood First policies.
This will benefit not only the housing sector but the people at large looking for shelter.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the budgetary support to HMT Ltd. for payment of outstanding salary / wages and other employee related dues.
They all worked hard for about three years to draft the Constitution.
It will provide the necessary infrastructure to promote sports and recreational activities, and assist the overall development of the youth of the Northern Province in Sri Lanka.
A Joint Committee as a high-level consultative mechanism will be set up to further elaborate the details of cooperation and to oversee the implementation of this MoC.
In order to provide an impetus to agricultural exports, the Government has come out with a comprehensive “Agriculture Export Policy” aimed at doubling the agricultural exports and integrating Indian farmers and agricultural products with the global value chains.
Our thoughts are with the families of the deceased and prayers with the injured.
The voice of the opposition had been smothered.
We look forward to our continued engagement with our development partners including AIIB.
He said that the ‘Prime Minister’s Science, Technology and Innovation Advisory Council’ will help formulate appropriate Science and Technology interventions, catalyze collaborations across stakeholder Ministries and implement multi-stakeholder policy initiatives.
The target group would be officers of Non-Teaching, Public Health and GDMO sub-cadres of CHS.
He exhorted them to project India’s capabilities and strengths across the world.
Prime Minister will then proceed to Odisha.
Indeed, along with democracy, freedom and equality, it is the very essence of modern India.
We are building a new gas pipeline to the least developed eastern region which will become the catalyst for millions of new jobs.
He also said that practice of Yoga helps develop detachment.
We have made progress on improving the ease of doing business.
I am also happy to see that the foundation is now focusing on digital literacy.
A movement to instill respect for our forces will come into being in the country.
And the circulation of news paper of just 400 copies when he had joined it.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
He also explained how Government schemes and initiatives are all aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
He said the trust on the postman remains, despite the advent of modern technology.
This summit will certainly resonate with those themes.
8 selected presentations were made by the officers, on themes such as raising farm incomes, soil health cards, grievance redressal, citizen-centric services, power sector reform, tourist facilitation, e-auctions, and smart urban development solutions.
Greeting Yoga enthusiasts across the world on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that Yoga is one of the most precious gifts given by the ancient Indian sages to humankind.
People-to-People & Business Exchanges
And it is our attempt to bring prosperity here through the roads and these are roads that pull the prosperity and contribute in the making the area prosperous.
He was a giant, whose powerful thoughts continue to shape several minds.
Every person in the care and custody of the state shall have right to HIV prevention, testing, treatment and counseling services.
The founding conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
Today, during our discussion with the business leaders of both the countries, we felt that they have a strong desire to constantly increase the business to business collaboration for mutual benefit.
53. The Sides reaffirmed their determination to support efforts and initiatives aimed at preserving the role of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on their Destruction, and preventing the politicization of the activities of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
Minister of Rural Development; Minister of Panchayati Raj; Minister of Mines; and Minister of Parliamentary Affairs.
Remembering her on her Jayanti”, the Prime Minister said.
This is equal to our philosophy of
Many tech-based inventions have their roots in Israeli universities and laboratories and have benefited humankind.
India and Sweden share values of democracy, rule of law, respect of human rights, pluralism and a rule-based international order.
It is changing from:
The validity of this Agreement was extended, with effect from 29th July 2016, for a period of one year or till the new agreement comes into force, through exchange of Diplomatic notes.
PM MODI: Whether it is someone from my party or not, I believe that such things are inappropriate.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released a commemorative coin in honour of former Prime Minister, Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
There are times when while listening to a lecture or trying to understand some aspect of governance about which I need to know more, I have to concentrate on what is being said.
The signing of the JDl will enhance bilateral cooperation between the two countries in the areas of traditional/alternative medicine.
The Prime Minister conveyed condolences at the loss of life in Nepal due to recent widespread floods, and expressed readiness to provide all possible relief assistance.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate agreement as a shared heritage of the whole world, and this generation’s contribution to the hope of future generations of mankind.
He will also address the gathering.
The Prime Minister reiterated India’s support to an Afghan-led, Afghan-owned and Afghan-controlled peace and reconciliation process that would enable Afghanistan to continue as a united, peaceful, inclusive and democratic nation and emerge as an economically vibrant country.
Creating an Enabled World: by sharing and deploying suitable technologies to enhance efficiency, economy and effectiveness; 4.
Shri Sanjay Singh, Director General, Bureau of Indian Standards
The Project will be implemented by Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation Limited (MAHA-METRO), which will be a 50:50 jointly owned company of Government of India and Government of Maharashtra.
But today is a holy occasion and we should celebrate it with honesty and lead the country with honesty.
The Government has thought of developing additional fifteen thousand Kilo-Miters of gas pipeline network.
Last year, the first edition of the online quiz for young overseas Indians called “Bharat ko Jaano” saw participation of more than 5000 young NRIs and PIOs.
Conveying his compliments on Mr. Putin’s success, the Prime Minister expressed the hope that under Mr. Putin’s leadership, the ‘Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership’ between India and the Russian Federation will continue to grow from strength to strength.
2. Promote development of FinTech solutions for business/financial sectors;
“Knowledge, the exponent and the seeker, all becoming one.
The results are already visible.
That the national parties like the BJP will gain
(iii)The existing financial arrangements will continue wherein Railways will meet all their revenue expenditure, including ordinary working expenses, pay and allowances and pensions etc. from their revenue receipts;
Excellency, you are no stranger to the people of India.
• ICT based Real Time Monitoring system
NIT, Andhra Pradesh will specifically be benefitted the State of Andhra Pradesh and the whole country in general.
PM said that use of CNG a clean fuel is being promoted by expanding the coverage of City Gas Distribution (CGD) network in the country.
As part of an elaborate launch event for this fortnight long movement, the Prime Minister will interact with a cross-section of people from 18 locations across the country, via video conferencing.
It includes seminar as well as conference halls.
Our companies are adopting latest technologies to improve efficiency, increase safety and reduce costs, he added.
Making a strong statement against political opportunism, the Prime Minister recalled Sant Kabir’s teaching that the ideal ruler is one who understands the feelings and suffering of the people.
Government of India launched a new policy regime for Exploration & Production (E&P) sector namely Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy (HELP) in 2016 which is paradigm shift from earlier policy regime.
About Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Sanitation, he noted that an International Report has noted that usage of toilets can help save lives of 3 lakh People.
The Prime Minister urged the officers to work towards simplification of governance processes.
38. We embrace the undeniable benefits and new opportunities brought about by the advances in ICTs, especially in the context of the 4th industrial revolution.
Addressing a large gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Yogi Adityanath, and the State Government, for the successful setting up of the Pashudhan Arogya Mela.
I am pleased to participate in this meeting with the BRICS Business Council.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Kurukshetra in Haryana on February 12, 2019.
Sometimes there is a story of an innovation to bring about cleanliness or winds of change that get ushered due to an official’s zeal.
Tell me my friends, is it a matter of concern or not, for such highly Qualified Professionals?
They shattered stereotypes, broke barriers and became trendsetters.
“The instances of violence today are deeply distressing.
This is exactly what I want – – that 125 crore countrymen be angered by filth.
It is a change where people are increasingly willing to contribute for the sake of service to society.
Both countries share a history of friendly economic and diplomatic relations.
6AA: “Notwithstanding any law for the time being in force, no person shall without the written authorization of the author be permitted to use any audio visual recording device to knowingly make or transmit or attempt to make or transmit or abet the making or transmission of a copy of a film or a part thereof.”
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his best wishes to the women’s cricket team for the World Cup finals today.
I will visit Hangzhou, China from 3-5 September 2016 for the Annual G-20 Leaders Summit.
This I liked the most.
So once again my reverence to the great legacy of Yogi ji I bow to the saints and after extending well wishes for the persons engaged in furthering this spiritual travel ahead I stop here .
It would focus on cyber security, counter terrorism, combating drugs, narcotics, human trafficking and money laundering.
Dr. Masoud Karbasian, Minister of Economic Affairs and Finance
In the flow of rivers runs the course of human progress.
Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
In November 1973, the Cabinet approved inter alia setting up of Agricultural Scientists’Recruitment Board with a whole-time Chairman, to function as an independent recruitment agency in recruitment to various scientific positions in Agricultural Research Service and Research Management Positions of ICAR/DARE.
They discussed the ties between India and Maldives as close neighbours bound by shared history, culture and maritime interests in the Indian Ocean.
He dedicated to the nation, ESIC Hospital Chennai.
It would ensure speedy disposal of appeal cases related to insurance, securities market and pension benefitting the general public.
The rationalization of Autonomous Bodies under Department of Health & Family Welfare will involve inter-ministerial consultations and review of existing bye laws of these bodies.
At this historic juncture, I wish to make an appeal to the banks.
All that is important is that he or she can be helped through selfless service.
The government is planning to develop more such airports across the country
We exchanged views on bilateral issues and on regional and global developments.
Second, the country has gone through two consecutive years of severe drought.
Before the monsoons, the entire government machinery was brought into a state of preparedness through mock drills undertaken at most of the places.
He recalled that in May 2017, he had also dedicated the country’s longest road bridge, the Bhupen Hazarika Bridge at Sadia in Assam, to the nation.
Our Scientists have contributed strongly to the strategic vision of the nation.
National Dam Safety Authority
After the new Air Services Agreement comes into force, the existing Air Services Agreement of December, 2004 shall stand superseded.
As a step in this direction, Ministry of Science & Technology is initiating a programme focused on students of classes 6 to 10.
The Prime Minister said that schemes such as Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India, are helping in greater financial inclusion.
They share a spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation that gives the partnership its own dimension.
“O my Fellow Citizens – In giving, you receive happiness,
The equity and paid up capital of HSCL will become Rs.70 crore.
India will be helped in meeting its growing requirement of clean energy by becoming a member of the nuclear supplier group.
The estimated daily fuel savings are to the tune of Rs. 27 lakhs.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will lead the 4th International Yoga Day Celebrations in Dehradun on June 21, 2018.
For 30 years, party with a clear mandate wasn’t given the opportunity to form the government.
And, you need the government even to grant permission to export.
PM will address the gathering
On receipt of their approval, orders for creation of the post shall be released immediately.
Foreign Original Equipment Manufacturers are now not required to indicate the details of Indian Offset Partners and products at the time of signing of contracts.
All nine DPSUs i.e. Mazagon Dock Limited, Goa Shipyard Limited, Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited, Hindustan Shipyard Limited, Bharat Electronics Limited, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Bharat Earth Movers Limited, Bharat Dynamics Limited and Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited will be benefited through this decision.
All departments have women performing duties… the commercial department, Railway Police, Ticket checking, Announcing, Point persons, it’s a staff comprising over 40 women.
He will address the gathering.
Various government departments regularly observe Cleanliness Fortnight.
The Union Cabinet met under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and condoled the demise of Selvi J Jayalalithaa, Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu who passed away on 5.12.2016 at Apollo Hospital in Chennai.
Therefore we are making efforts to get connectivity for all.
Officials said that the Sewage Treatment Capacity in towns along the river is being enhanced substantially.
• Memorandum of Understanding between the Indian Council of Agricultural Research, New Delhi, India and the Agricultural Research Council, Pretoria, South Africa on Cooperation in Agricultural Research and Education.
So, Akashvani Maitree on this side and Bangladesh Betaar on that side will mutually share the content and Bengali speaking people on both sides will enjoy the programmes of Akashvani, that is, All India Radio.
The aim of this scheme is to provide power to all homes.
India is also the world’s biggest milk producer.
Japanese companies have much to gain by participating in our flagship development initiatives.
So I would first like to thank you and am very grateful for the opportunity.
This can surely be done.
The proposal is expected to result in reduction of three Posts of Members of the Commission in pursuance of the Governments objective of “Minimum Government – Maximum Governance”.
The atmosphere was imbued with maternal warmth, and I was served with great affection.
I attend many functions, go to different areas, you wouldn’t have heard any political comment from me.
Our aim is not just to make the North Eastern States power surplus.
And to this end beginning 15th September let us take the mantra, the message, Swachchata Hi Seva, Cleanliness is Service to each and every home.
This intervention will lower the interest burden of debt and allow States, which could not avail of the opportunity to join UDAY earlier to put DISCOMs reforms on accelerated path.
I am aware that licensing policies can sometimes slow down the process of investing in India’s defence sector.
He said the Gita inspires one, to service of the people, and the nation.
Our strong bilateral relations have progressed further through this visit.
ARNAB: Self styled spokesmen
We would take every step to bring in more investments. and carry forward the momentum of growth.
But why should we blame the rains!
Issues have been replaced by initiatives.
The project is scheduled to be completed in five years from the date of start of work as per the Detailed Project Report (DPR).
As per a Govt. of Rwanda official, they mainly look at those very poor vulnerable families that don’t own a cow but do have land that can be used to grow grass for feeding the cows.
1st General Conference on BRICS Network University (7-8 April 2016, Ekaterinburg, Russia) 69.
Either the required amount of schools and colleges are not there or else the quality in education is lacking.
The delegation members praised the pace of economic reforms in India, and emphasized the growth potential that exists in the country.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Tanzania for bilateral cooperation in water resources management and development.
HSCL started incurring losses since 1978-79 mainly due to absorption of large workforce of several PSUs and private companies increasing the workforce from 4,100 in 1970 to 26,537 in 1979.
The Prime Minister also said that the recent steps taken by the Union Government will be beneficial in furthering the safety of women.
The proposed regulatory structure will enable transparency and accountability for protecting the interest of the general public.
It will double the production of LPG & diesel and commence production of feedstock for petrochemical projects in this plant.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Ms. Mirabai Chanu on winning gold at the World Weightlifting Championship.
Today is the last day of month of April.
In the wake of the appalling nerve agent attack in Salisbury, the UK and India have reiterated their shared interest in strengthening the disarmament and non-proliferation regimes against the spread and use of chemical weapons.
Therefore, we must look at ways to diversify our trade basket, to complement our needs and to serve the people.
So, it is our solemn duty to make a better world – brick by brick, or, through BRICS.
And, our discussions today have enabled us to evolve a road map and an action agenda for our cooperation.
Old Provision / Penalty
Prime Minister declared 100% household electrification in Arunachal Pradesh under Saubhagya scheme.
He said that about 50 lakh women had benefited from LPG connections through the Ujjwala Yojana, in the State of Bihar.
I am told that to a significant extent, Indian exports are importer-led: the specifications and designs are based on preferences given by importers.
You must have seen that under the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayi Yojana, we have put stress on water issues.
It is a wave of emotions that engulfs all of us simultaneously.
One of their findings was that, this programme has remained apolitical.
It means as the henna colours the hands of its distributor, similarly, those persons are themselves benefited, who do good to others, who help others.
“Arise, awake and stop not till the goal is reached.
Shri Narendra Modi will also inaugurate a Steel Processing Unit of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), at Kandrori, Kangra.
I want to touch the hearts of the honest taxpayers.
Dependent parents/eligible daughters (maximum 3 daughters at any point of time)
This is how you had phrased it.
Under Ayushman Bharat, 10 crore families will be covered with health insurance of Rs. 5 lakh.
I also got an opportunity to go and watch a match.
These six young women will embark on a voyage across the seas, in a small boat, INS Tarini.
We share the Living Bridge of countless personal and professional ties between our nations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the players and officials of the Indian Women’s Cricket Team that recently participated in the Women’s Cricket World Cup.
He also inaugurated the Ballabgarh-Mujesar Metro Link and laid the foundation stone of Shri Vishwakarma Skill University.
He was among the most effective voices for the rights of the poor and marginalised.
We can do this in our day to day lives.
Package of twelve services including free universal screening for common NCDs.
He said that the Girinka Programme will help transform villages in Rwanda.
The MoU would be for a term of five years.
Remembering SardarVallabhbhai Patel, Prime Minister said that the efforts of Sardar Patel towards cooperative sector should never be forgotten.
Renowned sculptor and scholar Shri Ram Vanji Sutar was given the award for 2016.
The Prime Minister asked the officers to fix clear targets to improve the country’s tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
He said 8 crore fake beneficiaries were also eliminated in the process, 1.1 lakh crore rupees are being saved.
The Prime Minister said German partnership is important for the Skill India Mission, with German parameters being “global benchmarks” which are crucial for India.
Today when I refer to workers, it is but natural to remember Dattopant Thengdi.
Concrete homes will lead to concrete dreams: PM
ISA was launched jointly by the Prime Minister of India and the President of France on 30th November, 2015 at Paris on the side-lines of the 21st CoP meeting of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
The very mention of Easter reminds us of the inspirational preaching of Lord Jesus Christ which has always impressed on mankind the message of peace, harmony, justice, mercy and compassion.
“Shri Anil Madhav Dave was born on 6th July 1956 at Barnagar, Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh.
The Prime Minister will unveil plaque to mark the commencement of work for the development and conservation of Rasika Ray temple at ancient fort, Haripurgarh.
The Prime Minister said the world is looking at India differently today, and this is a unique opportunity which should not be missed.
He will launch Gangajal project and other various developmental projects.
The draft text of the proposed Agreement has been finalized with the concurrence of the two Customs Administrations.
Many Vidushis of India have contributed in composing the verses of the Vedas.
The Prime Minister will chair a 149 member National Committee, and the Home Minister, Shri Rajnath Singh, will chair a 23 member Executive Committee.
They should not be forced off the playing fields to be locked in rooms with books.
To give you some examples, we are bringing a shift:
Both Mariyappan and Varun Singh won the medals in the men’s high jump event.
Workshop on Drugs and Medical Devices 105.
Where a billion aspirations, find free flowing expression.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
More than 27 million new women-headed businesses have been assisted.
He also released commemorative postage stamp on completion of 100 Years of IIT BHU.
These projects will enhance connectivity, especially in the city of Patna and nearby areas and augment the availability of energy in the city, and the region.
India stands ready to enhance our development partnership with Myanmar.
16. India and the EU expressed deep concern at the recent spate of violence in the Rakhine state of Myanmar that has resulted in the outflow of a large number of people from the state, many of whom have sought shelter in neighbouring Bangladesh.
Though she was born in Albania and her mother tongue was not English, yet she transformed her life and did everything to be able to serve the poor.
He urged the Muslim community not to look at this issue through a political lens.
· Even in the FMCG sector, the trend of growth in demand is on the upside in the month of September.
The priority initiatives under the MoU include:
This administrative tradition has served India well in many ways.
Malaysian Prime Minister’s State visit to India in 2017 has made a long-lasting impact on the bilateral relations.
I am told that as a pilot project of Digital Libraries, Panicker Foundation is working with 18 public libraries in the state in collaboration with Indian Public Library Movement, New Delhi.
ii. To grant statutory status to the fifteen Indian Institutes of Information Technology in Public Private Partnership and declare them as Institutions of National Importance;
The Prime Minister recalled Mahatma Gandhi’s message that the ultimate goal of governance should be to improve the lives of the poorest of the poor.
They keep our skies safe and are at the forefront of serving humanity in times of disasters.
Today, I unveiled a plaque for the foundation stone of a football stadium.
• There is also a parallel escape tunnel, with “Cross Passages” connecting to the main tunnel at intervals of 300 metres.
He said Dr. Ambedkar raised his voice for all those who suffered injustice, and had a global stature, much like Martin Luther King in the US.
Several projects are expected to benefit the tribal population of Jharkhand.
It is this Government that is bringing a programme like Ayushman Bharat that will give top quality healthcare to the poor: PM
With these good wishes I express my gratitude to all of you.
There was a time in the past where some products from India had achieved a global reputation.
Pregnant Women and Lactating Mothers who are eligible will receive a cash benefit of Rs.5,000/- in three installment at the following stages as specified in the table given below:
They need to be assured that the rules of the game will not change overnight, in an arbitrary fashion.
This is the beauty of our democracy.
Yes, I will go to Israel and I will even go to Palestine.
Marshal of the IAF Arjan Singh’s determined focus on capacity building in the IAF added great strength to our defence capabilities.
Governor of Jharkhand Ms DraupadiMurmu, Union Minister Shri Jayant Sinha and CM of Jharkhand Shri Raghuvar Das was also present among other dignitaries.
4- Memorandum of Understanding between the BRICS Business Council and the New Development Bank on Strategic Cooperation
Youngsters must venture out and work for the welfare of farmers, he added.
Bilateral trade between India and Malaysia has increased more than two-fold in 10 years.
During 2011-12 to 2013-14, that is, three years prior to this government,
You must have seen the Budget of the present government.
This sector needed more safeguarding of their interests and the Budget for New India has done so.
18. Strengthen cooperation in the area of aviation and maritime transport and look forward to the expeditious conclusion of the ASEAN-India Air Transport Agreement (AI-ATA) and the ASEAN-India Maritime Transport Agreement (AI-MTA).
Quite a few active citizens have sent in suggestions on the subject of water conservation.
Its streets and parks tell stories of great valour and immense sacrifice.
Moreover, our democratic values and an alert judicial system will ensure the safety of your investments.
Our efforts have gathered momentum.
I would also like to congratulate His Excellency Dr. Sultan Al Jaber for his contribution to the energy sector and vision for the future.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, addressed the ‘Campaign for Drugs Free India’, organized by the Art of Living Foundation, through video message.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for amendments in (i) the Constitution (Scheduled Castes) Order, 1950 to modify the list of Scheduled Castes of the State of Odisha, and (ii) the Constitution (Pondicherry) Scheduled Castes Order, 1964 so as to change name of the Union Territory from Pondicherry to Puducherry in the Order.
The AIIMS at Deoghar will consist of:
Our bilateral trade is more than $10 billion.
Setting up new AIIMS in is expected to result in employment generation for nearly 3000 people in various faculty & non faculty posts in each of the AIIMS.
The Prime Minister said that this is a landmark moment and will add tremendous strength to Accessible India movement.
In this context, he called for greater information sharing among CPSEs and Government Departments.
Warmly recalling his visit to Saudi Arabia, he said many progressive decisions are being taken there in the energy sector.
I pray that those injured recover at the earliest”, the Prime Minister said.
He has also dedicated state of the art Rasilaben Sevantilal Venus Hospital, Surat to the nation.
On the other pressing challenge of global warming, we have moved into a leading role.
There should be no compromise on our interests.
It became an incident to create a new self-confidence and a feeling of self pride in every daughter.
And when the surgical strike was carried out, then the world had to acknowledge India’s capability and strength.
The shortage of fertiliser is like something out of a bad dream of the past.
Training and Research in Dairy, Processing of Dairy Products, Quality and Safety of Mil, Biotechnological Intervention in Livestock
It’s no less than our good fortune that all of us have gathered here in this manner on the occasion of Yoga day on this land of mother Ganges where four holy shrines are located, the land which was visited by AdiShankaracharya and whereSwami Vivekanandalso came several times.
The Prime Minister drew a contrast between different forms of competition between now and prior to 2014.
In Body and Soul- You have everything to give,
The Prime Minister said that a discriminatory mindset cannot be accepted, and both boys and girls should get equal access to education.
Workshop on Non Communicable Diseases 106.
It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.
BRICS Think Tank Council meeting (23 September 2016, New Delhi) 56.
Instead of further animosity, Yoga assimilates.
The countries of South, Central, South East and East Asia are proud of their Buddhist links traced to the land of Buddha.
And you probably know that, during the month of June, in view of the International Yoga Day, I used to share a video everyday of one particular asana of Yoga through Twitter and Face Book.
More than two and a half crore children took part in an Essay Competition on cleanliness.
PM recalled the last PETROTECH Conference in December 2016, where he mentioned about four pillars for India’s energy future – energy access, energy efficiency, energy sustainability and energy security.
There comes a time in the history of a country’s development when a need is felt for a strong and decisive step.
Today, while India aims to land on Mars, it is also ensuring that every Indian has a roof over his head.
The Sides agreed to deepen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
a) To expand bilateral cooperation in the tourism sector
Had Arulmozhi not written to me I wouldn’t have realised that because of E-GEM, a housewife living far away and running a small business can have the items on her inventory purchased directly by the Prime Minister’s Office.
And therefore we have taken a very important step to reform the labour laws to provide them the employment opportunities in the night also.
42. Civil nuclear cooperation between India and Russia is an important component of strategic partnership contributing to India’s energy-security and its commitments under the Paris Agreement on Climate Change.
vii) Health Tourism; and
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Maghar in Sant Kabir Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh today.
The discussions were marked by a large degree of experience-sharing.
We seek active participation of Spanish industry in various Indian projects including infrastructure, smart cities, digital economy, renewable energy, defence and tourism.
13. The country has changed, is changing and can change.
And he told me that he could mimic the Prime Minister.
They also thanked the Prime Minister for the new online nomination process and for schemes like Digital India, which is bringing a big qualitative change in school education throughout the country.
It underlines our shared commitment towards encouraging entrepreneurship and innovation.
He will also lay the foundation stone of Nirali Cancer hospital at Navsari.
Indeed, Prime Minister’s understanding and insight into regional and global issues brings a new dimension to our cooperation on matters that concern us both.
And a partnership, which will be shaped by:
And today, we are in an era where the news reads- Armed forces have full freedom to do what they want.
I am happy that India is contributing to these objectives.
The Agreement after having come into force will promote Mutual Legal Assistance between the Contracting Parties in Civil and Commercial Matters.
viii) Any other areas jointly decided upon.
This location will primarily benefits people residing in the Southern backward districts of Tamil Nadu.
Following are the main features of the Bill:
I am happy that the business community in Netherlands is enthusiastic about opportunities being created in India.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Shri Kundan Shah.
A farmer’s daughter, Akshaya Basavani Kamat, from Karnataka won a gold medal in weightlifting.
For too long, the world has seen crude prices on a roller-coaster.
• introducing a very robust convergence mechanism
The ASRB will now be a 4 Member body instead of 3 Members.
PM said, “Greetings on World Consumer Rights Day.
Khadi and handloom have transformed the lives of the poorest of the poor and are emerging as a powerful means of empowering them.
The two sides will support initiatives of the business stakeholders, including those proposed by the UK-India CEO Forum which met today, to achieve shared prosperity for India and the UK.
This disunity has had a negative impact.
The amendments will facilitate smooth and speedy eviction of unauthorised occupants from government residence, as non-vacation in time leads to unavailability of houses to new incumbents and will increase the availability of the residential accommodation benefitting the waitlisted persons.
2. Providing access to public mobile network to hitherto unreached people of Meghalaya will empower citizens with benefits of ICTs for furthering socio-economic developments.
About the development in Tripura, PM told that the progress is now on a new trajectory.
This improvement in culture is also visible.
It is driven by concrete action.
“Remembering Chaudhary Charan Singh ji on his birth anniversary.
There are strong complementarities between India and Portugal in the start-up sector.
I have specially asked the gynecologists whether they could offer their services free on the 9th of every month, for the sake of under privileged mothers!
But the priority of the Government now is how to help the honest, protect them, and ease their difficulty.How can honesty gain more prestige?
Along with that we have recently launched Pradhanmantri Saubhagya Yojana.
Saddened by his demise.
The Prime Minister said that it is necessary to reduce human intervention in processes, and increase the use of modern and digital technologies.
He said that perhaps their daily struggles had helped instil resilience in them, to deal courageously in adverse situations.
Concluding the meeting immediately after PM’s remarks, President Xi appreciated India’s strong resolve against terrorism and the momentum in BRICS introduced under India’s Chairmanship and through the outcomes of the Goa Summit in 2016.
h) Trading across the borders
Like Kenya, India is also a young country.
PSLV Continuation Programme was initially sanctioned in 2008, and four phases have been completed and the fifth phase is expected to be completed by Q2 of 2019-20.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released a book on the life of Late Shri Kedarnath Sahni.
The artwork which has dimensions of 7 feet by 7 feet, took 850 hours to prepare.
But nothing happened for 23 years.
Various institutional mechanisms have also been put in place over time to strengthen bi-lateral cooperation on wide ranging multi-sectoral issues between the two countries.
We are committed to work together to address global challenges like Climate change, Environmental protection, Clean energy, Cyber security, Affordable health care, Marine biology etc through scientific discoveries and to explore priority areas of common interest.
The Project will have non-fare box revenue from rental & advertisement as well as Value Capture Financing (VCF) through mechanism of Transit Oriented Development (TOD) and Transfer of Development Rights (TDR).
During 2015-16, more than three crore forty eight lakh entrepreneurs have been sanctioned loans worth more than one lakh thirty seven thousand crore rupees.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the implementation of Indore Metro Rail Project comprising Ring Line of length 31.55 Km from Bengali Square – Vijay Nagar – Bhawarsala – Airport – Patasia – Bengali Square which will connect major public nodes and city cluster areas of Indore.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Tuesday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors of power, renewable energy, petroleum and natural gas, coal, and mining.
And, among them, we see South Korea is truly natural partner.
My dear countrymen, if we, for a moment, pause to look with empathy at the happenings in society around us, and if we try to understand these, we would be amazed to see that there are lakhs of people, who besides their own personal responsibilities are working selflessly, for society – the exploited, victimised, deprived; for the poor and the oppressed.
India and Sweden share warm and friendly ties.
Focus on enhancing domestic consumption, high quality steel production and making the sector globally competitive
He asserted that the two countries have similar goals, and are taking similar paths to achieve those goals.
(VI) Agreement for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to join the International Solar Alliance (ISA) launched by Honourable Prime Minister Modi.
Over the past two and a half years, more than Rs. 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought into the open.
All of us pay tributes to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the motherland, by observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 am on 30th January.
Talking about technology, Prime Minister said that technology has brought about ease of living and Government’s efforts are to ensure that the advantages of technology was available to all sections of the society.
It has opened up new opportunities for youth, women and those who wanted to start or expand their businesses.
Parliament should discuss it.
Our capacities and needs in the fields of vocational, technical and professional education complement each other, and can benefit both our people.
The Prime Minister addressed a public meeting in Gandhinagar, which included a large number of IIT-ians.
The first step is to convert this mindset of pessimism into one of optimism, he explained.
Calling him a distinguished air warrior and a fine human the Prime Minister extended his thoughts to his family and those mourning his unfortunate demise.
It also provides for getting the name of the company struck off from the Registrar of Companies after setting balance liabilities of TSPL.
We will further coordinate our positions on the challenging issues of restoration of peace and stability in the Middle East and North Africa, settlement of the Syrian crisis, achievement of national reconciliation in Afghanistan, including in the agreed framework of the Moscow dialogue, using the laid down principles of national sovereignty and non-interference in internal affairs, while encouraging the countries to lead the change from within.
The Prime Minister said that the Government believes that NRIs are partners for India’s development.
Acknowledging the participation of Women MPs, PM said, for the first time maximum number of women Ministers are in the Cabinet and we have two women ministers in the Cabinet Committee on Security.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings on the occasion of Navroz.
The purpose is to convert ideas that emerge in today’s session into specific action points relevant to each group.
Dear brothers and sisters,
• It will provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth; satellite navigation; space science and exploration of outer space.
In this context, he mentioned issues such as drought management in low rainfall areas; early disaster warning systems; tackling malnutrition; tackling diseases among children such as encephalitis; clean energy; clean drinking water; and cyber security.
It was denying the poor, their due.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi approved a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Israel on “India-Israel Industrial R&D and Technological Innovation Fund (I4F)”.
“Pained by the loss of lives due to an accident in AP’s Chittoor District.
Violence, torture, explosives, guns, pistols… the Maoists have created a scary reign of terror.
Similarly, you can see that presently efforts are afoot and discussions are being held about simultaneously holding the elections for Lok Sabha and for state assemblies.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and the hard work of our farmers, for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
He has also expressed his confidence that parliament shall take up the amendments next week and has appealed to all parties to support the bill which a step in right direction to provide safe & public friendly transport eco system
Internalize the diversities of millions of denizens of India within you.
ARNAB: So is your focus on entrepreneurship?
May this special day deepen the spirit of harmony and peace in society.
He expressed confidence that India will scale these heights, adding that he trusts India’s youth.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
Speaking on the occasion, PM said that Arunachal is the land of rising sun.
The countries present here together represent almost half of the humanity.
My dear countrymen, 13 crore Mudra Loans has been a major achievement.
From the point of view of the world’s oldest democracy, obviously it would be nice if the new engines are democratic engines.
• MOU on Food Safety Cooperation between the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India and the Danish Veterinary and Food Administration
Dear Countrymen, today I wish to share some wonderful news with my brave daughters.
“Well done Aanchal Thakur for winning an international medal in skiing!
There were a large number of such innovations.
I consider this to be a very positive sign because such confidence gives an impetus to development”.
I pray that those who are injured recover quickly”, the Prime Minister said.
The real test begins after that.
We also discussed how we could work together to secure our youth and society against the common challenges of terrorism, extremism, and radicalism.
Officers demonstrated the process of cashless transactions, and helped their staff download the relevant mobile apps on their phones.
We contribute stability and growth in a world drifting towards uncertainty.
I firmly believe that reform in the media, whenever required, can only come from within, through introspection.
The Harry Potter series is now popular worldwide.
Responding to criticism of frequent changes in the rules related to demonetization, the Prime Minister said that this was done to stay a step ahead of those who wanted to find loopholes in the exercise.
In furtherance of the shared recognition that the security interests of both the countries are interlinked in the region, they reiterated their assurance of being mindful of each other’s concerns and aspirations for the stability of the region and not allowing their respective territories to be used for any activity inimical to the other.
We have printed a guide book on Doing Business in Kenya.
They also agreed to foster mutually beneficial and deeper defence cooperation between the two countries and, in this context, noted with satisfaction the recent successful visit of the Commander-in-Chief of the Defence Forces of Myanmar to India.
India salutes the dedication and commitment of all teachers, whose role in nation building is paramount.
Whatever little time I spent with these daughters, I got inspired myself.
In Gujarat, the sky is fully of kites on this day, which is also known as Uttarayan.
And today foundation stones for several projects are being laid simultaneously in Bihar so that in the coming days we will be able to see mother Ganga the same way the way we have devotion for her.
The government just before us between 2009 to 2014 had an average growth of about six and half percent with an average inflation again in double digit;
Everybody I meet, no matter for how short a time, has something to say about Yoga.
This not only has a political impact but also has a social impact.
And, extend our close links into Outer Space.
The Prime Minister said India’s aviation sector is being transformed rapidly, and this augurs well for 125 crore Indians.
Even otherwise, Uttarakhand has been the main centre for Yoga for several decades.
He said Swachhta is like a prayer for him, and cleanliness is a way to serve the poor.
He also mentioned the use of CNG as fuel for public transport in the city.
Therefore, he said, he had come among the jawans of the Armed Forces, whom he considers to be “his family.”
Shri Vijay Goyal ji,
He said there is a positive atmosphere of competing on development works through the spirit of Jan Bhaagidaari.
“Today is a special day!
Perhaps, this could be a historic transition.
Much more remains to be done.
Similarly, they have also adopted advanced intelligent traffic management systems including crash reporting/ monitoring systems.
Sushma Verma plays the important role of the wicket keeper.
And I respect his feelings and I assure him that the government of India would walk with him shoulder to shoulder to realise the dreams of millions and millions of people of Bihar and it will take the journey of development to new heights.
The Prime Minister informed that the situation is being monitored very closely, and that the Railways Ministry and UP Government are doing everything possible and providing all assistance required.
The proposal of DPW is intended to help them to expand the capital base and enable fresh investments in Ports and logistics infrastructure in India.
There were blasts in Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Bengaluru, Delhi, Mumbai, Pune and other places.
This is an achievement rate of close to 80 percent.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved MoU on passenger cruise services on the coastal and protocol routes between India and Bangladesh for starting regular movement of passengers and tourists in water crafts between the two countries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives and property in Sri Lanka due to flooding and landslides.
All the best for today.
This desire of 125 crore countrymen for change, the effort to change, is what will lay a strong foundation of a ‘New India’.
When the waters receded, there was so much filth everywhere.
The financial resources necessary to conduct research, training courses, conferences/ meetings and deputations of experts will be met from the existing allocated budget and existing plan schemes of Ministry of AYUSH.
And, shape our convergences to act as a force of peace, prosperity and stability in the Indo-Pacific region.
Barely had they entered deep into the cave that a sudden heavy downpour caused water logging at the inlet of the cave.
The investment to be undertaken for development of NWs on identified projects in 2017-18 is estimated to be approximately Rs. 2412.50 crore.
In the ASEAN context, and on various global platforms, Cambodia is an important interlocutor and a supportive partner for India.
He will address 20,000 Swachhagrahis or the Ambassadors of Cleanliness in Motihari on this occasion.
To honour and deepen our links of Buddhist heritage, I have the great pleasure to announce that from August this year, Air India will operate direct flights between Colombo and Varanasi.
The Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation outlines the agenda of our engagement in this field.
Q. Is this a reset or an upgrade of relations?
5. Capacity Building; and
Here I want to tell my countrymen, that if you get the opportunity, you should also visit, the E-G-E-M, E-GEM website on the Internet.
The answers are all there.
These Ganesh festivities included holding wide-ranging discussions on the issues that touched our lives and society, and comprised such programmes which provided a new vigour and vitality to our social fabric.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister paid homage to BhagwanBirsa Munda.
It will give a further impetus to the mission of Make in India.
The Prime Minister said GST is ushering in a new culture across the nation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the function to mark the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the High Court of Delhi.
H. E. Mr. Jean-Yves Le Drian, Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs of France, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
In view of the immense benefits that would accrue to participating countries, Myanmar promised to give careful consideration to India’s suggestion to join the Framework Agreement for the establishment of the International Solar Alliance.
But, we are now awaiting the rains.
In case farmers do not repay the short term crop loan in time they would be eligible for interest subvention of 2% as against available above.
He praised the new work culture of the State Government.
And, I am honoured that this award is being conferred on me in the year that we celebrate the 150th Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The country secured a place of pride & glory in the entire world.
The decision would help in better patient care, proper academic activities in Medical colleges as also in effective implementation of National Health Programmes for delivery of health care services.
The level of sanitation has increased to more than 70% in the villages whereas it used to be 40% before.
They provide employment to around two hundred thousand people.
This award is given by the UN body ‘Food & Agriculture Organisation’ – FAO.
He will unveil a statue of Deenbandhu Sir Chhotu Ram.
Do try to do it; of course do not travel too much in one go.
He also referred to the recent increase in MSP of Kharif crops, which will benefit farmers.
I received letters from many people.
Let me begin by sincerely thanking President Xi again for his warm reception and the excellent organisation of this Summit.
HarivanshJi took the responsibility.
It is a concrete example of federalism in its real sense.
He said water treatment plants would be set up in all 18 cities in Madhya Pradesh which fall along the banks of the Narmada.
We have to do this together.
The Prime Minister had a warm and productive meeting with Uzbekistan President Shavkat Mirziyoyev.
It is playing a very important role for gramodaya.
So much strength they had!
He said the idea of a Yatra existed as an integral part of our culture.
Center has released 2nd installment of State Disaster Relief Fund, SDRF to the Government of Kerala and Tamil Nadu in the current financial year of 2017-18 to supplement the efforts of State Government in dealing with the natural calamity including cyclonic storm ‘‘Ockhi’’.
More than 35000 Real Estate Projects and 27000 Real estate agents have registered under RERA, and lakhs of flats are being built, PM said.
Outlining initiatives in agriculture, the Prime Minister mentioned organic farming and food processing as areas for investment.
G. S&T, Academic Exchanges and Environment
We have full faith in the bravery and valour of our security forces.
The Prime Minister appreciated the prompt steps taken by the President and his Government to firmly refute the malicious reports by publicly clarifying the matters.
The Governors, Chief Ministers of Kerala and Tamil Nadu, Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Deputy Speaker of Lok Sabha, and Administrator of Lakshadweep along with senior officials were present at the respective meetings.
Encouraging fact is that our business engagement is not one way.
In a few days from now, we shall celebrate the festive occasion of Janmashtami.
Our government has encouraged private participationacross the entire oil and gas value chainfrom up-stream production to down-stream retail.
Indian government will send an official delegation under the leadership of our External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj to represent 125 crore Indians at the canonization ceremony to be held on 4th September.
In addition, I would also participate in the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Leaders’ Meeting.
Yesterday, President and I had an unforgettable interaction with the Indian diaspora in Kenya.
Daredevil stunts performed by them was awe inspiring for our foreign guests.
Positive change has always found space in our country.
Within 3 years of persistent efforts more than 80% of the villages are now connected to roads.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Löfven met on 17 April and recalled their Joint Statement issued in Mumbai in 2016, welcomed progress so far on its implementation and reconfirmed their commitment to the Joint Statement as the overall political framework for cooperation.
Gujaratis mark the start of a New Year a day after the Diwali.
There is a need to work unitedly to address issues such as terrorism, climate change, economic development to social justice through universal cooperation and co-ordination.
The MRA will provide opportunities to members of both the parties to be exposed to best practices of either country and thus expand their scalability to cater to demand of newer markets.
This increase is in accordance with the accepted formula, which is based on the recommendations of the 7th Central Pay Commission.
This is what upbringing is all about.
34. The two leaders noted the role cultural exchanges played in bringing the peoples of India and Qatar together.
This is the result of our fight against black money.
This is a jump of the order of twenty times.
It will also open better livelihood opportunities to many villages.
He added that Gujarat should be taken as a case study on how development should be undertaken.
He expressed hope that all these many ancillary industries will come to Kochi and business opportunities will be expanded.
The completion of this project is a reflection of our commitment to complete on-going projects and usher in a new era of development in the North Eastern region.
The MoUs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings to the President Shri Ram Nath Kovind.
Both Sides would continue to work together to promote a democratic world order based on global and shared interests.
I wish all the citizens an auspicious month of Ramazan and I hope this opportunity will inspire people to follow the Prophet’s message of peace and goodwill.
He said India has never been an aggressor.
Mr. Dmitry Rogozin, Deputy Prime Minister of Russia called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
It was such a striking photo that my attention was magnetically drawn towards.
For my government, this has meant a path of international engagement focused on:
Ladies and Gentlemen!
The successful record of our partnership in projects, big and small, in Afghanistan speaks for itself.
Curbing inflation has helped people in saving money in a way.
Now we are focussed on bringing modernisation and advancement in the field of agriculture.
Later, the Prime Minister visited the construction site of the Statue of Unity, an iconic structure dedicated to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, at Sadhu Bet, a short distance from the Sardar Sarovar Dam.
Despite false propaganda by certain elements in Kashmir, the percentage of those spreading confusion and unrest; and those instigating youth is very low.
The OCI and PIO schemes have been rolled into one.
The expedition has been named, Navika Sagar Parikrama.
The number of houses being built for the poor, under the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana in rural areas, is being increased by 33 per cent.
The land located in seven cities are lying unutilized for many years.
“It is like water, called in different languages by different names, such as jal, neer, pani, and so forth.
It will become a case study for universities across the world.
India is an independent country.
Our Saints integrated each and every citizen in their quest for social reform.
The United Nations could start an international competition of documentary films that record disaster events, their scale, and relief, rehabilitation, reconstruction and recovery afterwards.
· Received at least one antenatal Check-up (after 6 months of pregnancy)
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its approval to allot Plot No. 29-C & 29-D measuring 1.478 acres or 5882.96 sq. meters on the T-Junction of Jesus and Mary Marg with Dr. Radhakrishnan Marg, Chankyapuri, New Delhi to the Madhya Pradesh Government for construction of its State Guest House in Delhi as per the prevailing rates with the following conditions: –
Such an atmosphere can be created by our schools, our colleges, our teachers, our educational institutions.
The proposed outlay for this sub-scheme is Rs. 782 crore for the three years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Dr. Syama Prasad Mookerjee on his birth anniversary today.
Since Diwali, our nation has been witness to a historic rite of purification.
If he sees that the advisor himself is asking him to hide the truth then he will boldly traverse the wrong path.
The Green Growth Equity Fund (GGEF), a joint initiative by the Governments of India and the UK under India’s flagship National Investment and Infrastructure Fund, will provide financing to the fast-growing Indian renewable energy sector.
Necessary steps will be initiated by the Department of Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance to acquire the membership of the EBRD.
We are transforming cities and public transportation.
Similarly let us see the example of private placement of corporate bonds.
10. The following MoUs were signed during the visit:-
In a way, the selection of these awards has been transformed completely.
The nation is experiencing the pride, contribution and potential of our mothers and sisters.
Over the last three years, my Government has placed special focus on overall infrastructure development of the nation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for raising foreign shareholding limit from 5% to 15% in Indian Stock Exchanges for a stock exchange, a depository, a banking company, an insurance company, a commodity derivative exchange.
“This is a major step towards making India a powerful nation with the schemes touching the lives of the people.
I firmly believe that a nation prospers when its people and importantly the women, and childrenare educated; and are able to live independent, empowered and healthy lives.
36. The two leaders exchanged views on regional and international issues of mutual interest, including the security situation in West Asia, Middle East and South Asia.
King Amanullah advanced Afghanistan’s modernist constitution, incorporated equal rights and individual freedom.
The scheme also envisages other benefits including interest at concessional rate of 7% for storage in ware houses accredited by Warehousing Development Regulatory Authority (WDRA) for upto 6 months post harvest for avoiding distress sale.
India turned 70 last year.
The Prime Minister recalled his visit to France in 2015, and the visit of President Hollande as Chief Guest at the Republic Day on 2016, and said that the exchange of visits had laid the foundation for strengthening bilateral ties for years to come.
USGS has launched Landsat -8 satellite in February 2013.
Recently, while holding a meeting in this regard I remembered about of Lakhpat Saheb Gurudwara.
The Prime Minister also unveiled plaques to mark the inauguration of Infrastructure for building Mine Counter Measure Vessels; and inauguration of commencement of Construction of five Coast Guard Offshore Patrol Vessels.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister said that a wish which he had for years, had been fulfilled, by paying homage to the great saint Kabir, at the hallowed land of Maghar, where legend says that Sant Kabir, Guru Nanak and Baba Gorakhnath, had engaged in spiritualdiscussion.
We have been striving to bring in the changes through technology.
He added that it also creates trust among the common people, which is the key to ‘New India.’
We are working on women centric schemes through other departments also.
Under the aegis of “Eat Right India” campaign, ‘Swasth Bharat’ trips are being carried out across the country.
He believed that the person seeing his painting should comprehend the painting in totality, from his own perspective, understand the message imparted by him in the particularpainting.
The tunnel on NH-44 which connects Jammu with Srinagar, will reduce travel time between the two cities by upto two hours.
It’s possible that many poets would have written poems, some may be planning to write, some may even compose their verses into songs, in all languages.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will be participating in 8th BRICS Summit and first BRICS-BIMSTEC Outreach Summit on 15-16 October, 2016 in Goa.
Portugal has one of the highest rates of business creation in Europe and has emerged as one of the most vibrant European eco-systems for entrepreneurship.
The Prime Minister said that Lothal Maritime Heritage Complexonce completed, will showcase the maritime strength of ancient India.
1. At the invitation of His Highness Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al-Thani, Emir of the State of Qatar, Hon’ble Prime Minister of the Republic of India, Shri Narendra Modi paid a two-day official visit to the State of Qatar from 4-5 June, 2016.
Further, the land offered by State Government in lieu of this land can be judicially utilized by the AAI for aviation-related activities.
And today, in this edition of Mann Ki Baat, I wish to speak to our successful young men & women between 18 & 25, all infused with energy and resolve.
We have decided with great courage to give attractive prices for the products of farmers.
•India will emerge as a global leader in transportation sector through cutting edge technology and skilled manpower.
He said the Smart City Mission will help prepare our cities to take up the challenges of New India; and prepare world class intelligent urban centres in India, for the 21st century.
Mr. Le Drian briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship, and French perspective on regional and global issues.
There are several opportunities for the Swiss companies to become a partner in India’s growth and development.
He said the NRIs are not only the Brand Ambassadors of India but also represent its strength, capabilities and characteristics.
Nordic competencies fit well with our vision for India’s transformation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-ln) under the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology and the US Homeland Security Department on cooperation in the field of Cyber Security.
I convey my heartiest congratulations to both of them.
The delegation was led by Shri Shafiq Mir, President of the All Jammu &Kashmir Panchayat Conference.
I am happy that since May 2016, nearly six crore LPG connections have been provided to the poorest of the poor in our country under Ujjawala yojana .
The MoU in the form of Joint Declaration of Intent signifies an important landmark in the civil aviation relations between India and Germany, and has the potential to spur greater trade, investment, tourism, and cultural exchanges between the two countries.
The Prime Minister recalled that it was former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, who had ensured the creation of three new states, including Chhattisgarh, in a peaceful and harmonious manner.
The MoUs on Cooperation in Renewable Energy and on Traditional Systems of medicine will operationalize our cooperation in these areas.
Moreover, there are crores of palatial houses built in the cities of our country.
There are over 5200 large dams in India and about 450 are under construction.
This has resulted in savings in the electricity bill as well, he added.
Our traditional practices contribute to a sustainable lifestyle.
We need to develop an Inter-Ministerial National Mission in the Cyber-Physical Systems to secure our future by creation of basic R&D infrastructure, manpower and skills.
The global economic expansion continues, however, it has been less balanced and downside risks have risen.
I am sure that our scientists will further meet the challenges of enhanced quality of basic research, its technology translation and its societal connect.
Experiences and acts of valour of those from the armed forces who are our neighbours or acquaintances and related videos and pictures can be posted on hash-tag armed forces flag day (#armedforcesflagday).
A thing like that they have chosen to give up.
An opportunity to achieve a quantum jump in our partnership across different fields.
19. Today, we are celebrating the “festival of honesty”.
He also mentioned Atal Tinkering Labs which have been set up to encourage children to innovate.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condemned the terror attack in Kabul.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Vladimir Putin held their first informal Summit in the city of Sochi in the Russian Federation on May 21, 2018.
We encourage even more investment by Indian companies in South Africa and are confident that more South African companies will also enter the Indian market.
NDA government’s Kisan Samman Nidhi is not a once in a few years scheme.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises.
The aim of my visit is to increase cooperation and boost cultural linkages.
He added that under PMJAY, modern medical infrastructure is getting readied.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
Their life stories illustrate the power of dedication and a never-say-die attitude that made them overcome countless hurdles to attain the heights of success they did at the CWG.
• Revival of Sindri Fertilizer Project of Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Ltd.
The Convention was amended in 1997 through a First Protocol and in 2000 through a Second Protocol.
This opens up a world of opportunities for us to work together.
Two years ago, India made a promise.
During World War 1 and 2 we had no stake but our soldiers took part in the Wars.
This is expected to bring in transparency, expeditiousness and simplification in procedures in grant of mineral concessions.
He urged to people to remember those who gave their lives so that we could breathe the air of freedom.
The renewed LTAs with steel mills of Japan and POSCO, South Korea shall be for a period of five years from 1.4.2018 to 31.3.2023.
I hope you will not do that.
We will continue efforts to scale up our ambition and dedication to assist Afghanistan.
The Prime Minister was also briefed on steps being taken to further boost regional connectivity, and further improve customer satisfaction indices at airports.
As home to nearly two third of humanity, BRICS and BIMSTEC together can potentially unlock immense synergies with huge benefits for all our people.
Let me give you some illustrations.
The Prime Minister said that earlier Governments took pride in making new laws.
The Prime Minister spoke at length about how the Union Government is working for the welfare of the farmers.
We continue to work with all parties and states to introduce a system that benefits all Indians and promotes a vibrant and unified national market.
The scheme implemented through DBT, will transfer the amount directly to the bank account of the beneficiary, thereby eliminating middlemen and corruption.
I am delighted to welcome you to the 9th Chapter of the Vibrant Gujarat Summit.
We just need to give it all in.
ix. The Government will promote helicopter usage by issuing separate regulations for helicopters and development of four heli-hubs initially.
My thoughts are with his family in this hour of grief.
Under this scheme, there are more than a hundred customers who have received prizes of one lakh rupees each.
“I bow to Bhagwan Birsa Munda on his Jayanti.
Brothers and sisters, this mentality breeds unpardonable crimes.
Born on 18th November, 1954, Justice Gogoi was enrolled as an advocate in 1978.
MOUs/Agreements between India and Denmark
And today every citizen of the world, every country of the world considers Yoga as its own and it is an important message for the people of India that we are the inheritors of that great legacy, that we have preserved the legacy of that great tradition.
But now with Kisan card Arranging loan for pisciculture and animal husbandry has become very effective.
It will remain dedicated to them.
3. flood and drought management;
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister launched the Intensified Mission Indradhanush, to accelerate progress towards the goal of full immunization coverage.
They work hard, and these are our own young people.
This form of compassion was one of the greatest qualities of Lord Buddha for the alleviation of suffering of the people.
Along with coastal security, they displayed concern towards coastal cleanliness and deserve accolades for their act.
My namaskar once again to all my countrymen, Thank You.
(iii)Tourism infrastructure for basic amenities to be promoted: Temporary tourism facilities such as shacks, toilet blocks, change rooms, drinking water facilities etc. have now been permitted in Beaches.
The sad part is, if somebody is running away from debate or don’t let discussions happen, then it is a cause of worry in a democracy.
Fragile Five group was considered a dangerous group as not only their own economy was in shambles but they were also considered as a stumbling block in the recovery of global economy.
India’s place as the fastest growing large economy has not come about by accident.
He urged all States to align their plans with this advancement, so that they could take maximum advantage of this move.
The Commemorative Postage Stamps on India-Viet Nam: Joint Issue depicts Sanchi Stupa of India and Pho Minh Pagoda of Viet Nam.
Every young sportsperson’s passion & dedication is the hallmark of New India.
This was important because the 42nd amendment which was brought during the emergency, curtailed the powers of the Supreme Court and implemented provisions which stood to violate our democratic values, was struck down.
In each of our respective countries, we seek to deliver affordable, efficient, clean and assured energy supplies to our citizens.
Thanks a lot!
India and Myanmar expressed firm commitment to set an example of good neighbourliness in the region.
Today, India has acquired a global brand for high skills and excellence in software.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi attended 350th birth anniversary celebrations of Shri Guru Gobind Singh JiMaharaj in Patna on January 5, 2017.
He said that through this channel news of even remote places in the state will reach the people.
He sought to know what changes have been made in procedures, and what action has been taken against officers responsible for lapses.
The MoU will create the framework for innovative partnership between India and the United Kingdom Industry and training institutes, and will help to scale up skill training efforts in India and enhance their quality.
viii.Upgradation and modernisation of Air Navigation Services will continue in line with global trends.
The signing of MoU between India and Argentine in the field of tourism will help the two parties in creating an institutional mechanism for enhancing cooperation in the tourism sector.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives in the earth quake that has affected parts of Iran and Iraq.
He said that in future, when they serve in the field, this should be their “purpose of life.”
And I’m happy to see that cleanliness is no longer confined to being a government programme.
· 4th Young Diplomats Forum – 25 to 29 June (Pretoria)
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the filling of Padur Strategic Petroleum Reserves(SPR) at Padur, Karnataka by overseas National Oil Companies (NOCs).
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and Denmark for cooperation in the fields of Animal Husbandry and Dairying.
The State Government will also take necessary measures related to appropriate land policy and land laws, besides setting up of Institutions for Research and Documentation of Customs, Traditions and Languages of indigenous communities.
These 300 million people can immediately become part of this rewards scheme.
We urge concerted efforts to counter terrorism under the UN auspices on a firm international legal basis and express our conviction that a comprehensive approach is necessary to ensure an effective fight against terrorism.
Fully sensitive to some of the difficulties the common citizens may face in the coming days, the Prime Minister has announced a series of steps that will help overcome the potential problems.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on Cooperation in the Field of Skill Development, Vocational Education and Training.
He emphasized that this Union Government does not stop at laying foundation stones, and ensures completion of projects.
I salute their energy and enthusiasm.
It took me quite some time.
He said that the Kumbh has been a forum for discussion among spiritual leaders and social reformers, to chart a roadmap for the future, and monitor progress.
During the visit, he will lay the foundation stone of Medical College in Sayli, Dadra & Nagar Haveli.
The MoU also aims for exchange of expertise and networking of information.
LOC Agreemnts
I am told this radio station also used to broadcast weekly news bulletins in English, Hindi, Tamil, Bangla, Marathi, Punjabi, Pashto & Urdu languages.
The Prime Minister called for bringing together as many people as possible, when celebrating the International Day of Yoga.
What innovative things can we do?
See if you can do it.
But today I can say with a lot of satisfaction that now there is no trace of any disappointment.
I also deeply appreciate the strong and valuable support extended by your governments, without which this project would not have been possible.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on National Sports Day, has congratulated all sports lovers across India and has expressed hope that sports and sportsmanship will always shine in our society.
Uganda expressed its desire to replicate some of India’s schemes for Digital Inclusion while implementing its Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) project.
He was re-elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2016 and became the Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
Therefore, I look forward to a growing contribution from all of you in making the financial markets more relevant to this new era.
I assume the question refers to our embassy in Tel Aviv.
Each family will get 5 lakh rupees health coverage annually.
Today, the saint community will have to come forward towards this end also.
But look at the working style of this government; when a train crosses a railway station and changes the track, the speed needs to be reduced from 60 to 30.
I can see that 2017 to 2022 presents itself as a new time segment of five years for attainment through resolve.
New Vaccines roll out:
He urged people from all over the world to visit the Sabarmati Ashram.
About 80-85 programmes have already been conducted.
India signed a Preferential Trade Agreement (PTA) with the MERCOSUR which came into effect from 1st June, 2009.
Yogiji has described this reposition marvellously in his works.
During the interaction, Prime Minister urged the awardees to mobilize the community and to make them an integral part of school development.
You will be shocked to hear that I have given an early retirement to more than 30 people from Income Tax Department on integrity issues.
India assures the ASEAN of its steady support towards achieving a rules-based regional security architecture that best attests to the region’s interests and its peaceful development.
At present the nearest airport to Itanagar is at Lilabari in Assam at a distance of 80 km.
We particularly focused on implementation of various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
You called the surgical strike a Jumla Strike.
Today, the level of leadership that we had at that time does not exist but we have the strength of 1.25 Crore Indians.
We have made major process improvements in our ports to reduce the time taken for cargo to enter and exit.
Benami Property Law has been implemented with great courage and intention for the good of the country.
We will begin a new dialogue on investment to improve our mutual understanding of priorities and reviewfuture opportunities for cooperation.
Not only is Democracy a system, but also a ‘sanskar’- a part of our ethos.
I came across some feedback that is very interesting.
PM in Tamil Nadu
And we have seen some encouraging initial results.
The proposed MoU would strengthen the relationship between India and Australia for building peace and stability in the region through exchange of information, expertise, experience and capacity building.
Similarly, he said that the transport sector in the country now requires a comprehensive approach, which is possible by having just one Union Budget.
He said the Government is working to protect the interests of the account holders, but rumours that are being spread are the exact opposite.
Objectives of the Agriculture Export Policy are as under:
Over speeding
We want our youth to become not just job-seekers but job-givers.
In our shared objective to combat these challenges, India is particularly grateful to Thailand for its assistance and cooperation.
Delhi was new for me.
It will also ease the pressure on railway and road infrastructure due to long distance transportation of urea from Western and Central Regions and thereby saving in govt. subsidy on freight.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Armenia on Cooperation in the field of Disaster Management.
Dissemination of the TECHNOLOGY in India.
As it is, in our families, mothers always tell their children to take only as much food they can eat.
Related capacity building of the Kenyan doctors is being undertaken under our India Africa Forum Summit initiative.
Infrastructure that not only provides basic needs of housing, shelter, electricity, water and sanitation to the people.
The Prime Minister said that besides the National War Memorial, the National Police Memorial has also been established.
It has been over seventy years since Independence, but Bapu’s dream of a Swachh Bharat remains unfulfilled, the Prime Minister said.
Once, many years ago, one of our acquaintances was admitted to a hospital, following a heart attack.
the average amount of fund raised through equity was about rupees fourteen thousand crore per annum.
Besides other changes, the Protocol updates the existing provisions for exchange of information to the latest international standards.
22. Good governance is about speed and simplification of processes.
2. Setting up of an Empowered Task Force chaired by Hon’ble Minister of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation to ensure that the Ministries, Departments and State Governments concerned have:
We sealed a strategic partnership 22 years ago through the Red Fort Declaration.
However, with implementation of 7th Central Pay Commission, in case of Government servants, the ceiling now is Rs. 20 Lakhs effective from 1.1.2016.
The centenary of Lokmanya Tilak’s call “Swaraj is my birth right” falls this year as well.
Foreign investors have made record investments in India today.
The construction phase of the SPRs at Chandikhol and Padur is likely to generate significant direct & indirect employment opportunities in the states of Odisha and Karnataka.
Every Indian wants to get rid of smoke in the kitchen.
He also recalled that today – 10th May – marks the anniversary of the beginning of the First War of Independence in 1857.
Do your best today.
The event will showcase the achievements of Swachh Bharat and the recently conducted Swachh Sunder Shauchalay, (neat and clean toilet) – a unique and first of its kind in the world campaign.
Last year, I had formed a committee under the Chairmanship of Mr. Venkaiah Naidu to whom I had assigned the task to DRDO and the Tamil Nadu government for building such a monument on this land which should encourage the young generation of this country.
The export of honey has doubled.
Powered by the energy of our youth, we are positioning India as a global manufacturing hub.
Access to Markets
The exact model for monetization of any particular asset and model contact documents shall be approved by the competent authority based on the recommendations of the technical consultants, respective Administrative Ministry, CPSEs, NITI Ayog etc.
He said he is convinced that the path that Mahatma Gandhi has shown, cannot be wrong.
In addition, there are futuristic infrastructure projects of second generation.
Now an Independent pipeline has been constructed.
India and France aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues on the basis of mutual benefit, equality and reciprocity.
I appealed to people to give a book instead of bouquet as a greeting.
In the ‘Non-Cooperation Movement’ of 1920 and the ‘Quit India Movement’ of 1942, two different personas of Mahatma Gandhi can be seen.
We are committed to expanding the National gas grid network from its current length of fifteen thousand kilometres pipeline to thirty thousand kilometres.
We are committed to a permanent and peaceful solution to the issue of Jammu & Kashmir in accordance with the basic principles of the Constitution.
In this context, he also mentioned Yoga and Ayurveda.
The Protocol further empowers India to use information received under the DTAA to be used for other law enforcement purposes on the supplying State authorizing such use.
• Realizing that the international community faced common challenges of increasing the momentum of global economic recovery and climate change, both sides agreed that as key members of the international community, India and Indonesia must work together effectively in multilateral fora.
Those who speak such language are doing great injustice to him.
Brothers and sisters, in this year’s budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
At a function at Mysuru Railway Station, he also flagged off the Palace Queen Humsafar Express between Mysuru and Udaipur.
What could be a better example of Ek Bharat…Shreshtha Bharat?
The MoU will considerably reduce the logistics cost of cargo movement to North Eastern India.
Recently, in certain parts of India, particularly, Assam, North-East, Gujarat, Rajasthan and some areas of Bengal, have had to bear the brunt of natural disasters, caused by excessive rains.
I thank you once again for this tremendous welcome.
It will ensure proper surveillance, inspection, operation and maintenance of all specified dams in that State and ensure their safe functioning.
We have all read about the inventor of the electric bulb, Thomas Alva Edison.
I try to share the efforts and achievements of the youth as much as possible through “Mann Ki Baat”.
Herat’s India-Afghanistan Friendship Dam, also called the Salma Dam, that was launched a few months ago, will help revive economic activity for the people there.
• With the help of a number of countries, we have formed the International Solar Alliance.
The age of superannuation in respect of General Duty Medical Officers and Specialists included in Teaching, Non-Teaching and Public Health sub-cadres of Central Health Services was increased to sixty-five years vide a Notification in January, 2018.
The Framework Agreement was signed in New Delhi, on 7th September 2018.
He said technology can provide a big boost to the quality of education.
This will also help in reducing overall logistic cost.
Japan is India’s valued partner.
Elements of life support system and Space suit also have been realized and tested.
Both the options recommended by the Commission as regards pension revision have been accepted subject to feasibility of their implementation.
The PMGDISHA being initiated under Digital India Programme would cover 6 crore households in rural areas to make them digitally literate.
We cooperate closely in the Asean, East Asia Summit and Bimstec (the Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation), as also in the frameworks of Mekong Ganga Cooperation, Asia Cooperation Dialogue and Indian Ocean Rim Association.
For cooperation in the area of metal-air batteries
Similarly, he said the Ujjwala Yojana is providing access to cooking gas, and Mission Indradhanush is working towards universal immunization.
01.07.2016 representing an increase of 2% of the revised Basic Pay/Pension, to compensate for price rise.
This network would specifically focus on the theme of youth employment and research on new forms of employment.
I would request all of you also to kindly listen to this programme in your regional language as well.
Raising bonds is intended to bridge this gap.
4. Project will be covered under the legal framework of Central Metro Acts, Metro Railways (Construction of Works) Act, 1978 and the Metro Railways (Operation and Maintenance) Act, 2002, as amended from time to time.
• to rejuvenate the bonds of our friendship;
The two sides emphasized on further enhancing people to people contacts and strengthening the cultural cooperation by organizing Cultural weeks – ‘India Week in Saudi Arabia’ and ‘Saudi Arabia Week in India’ at regular intervals.
Today, Sri Lanka takes pride in being among the most important nerve centres of Buddhist teachings and learning.
On occasions generations are afflicted with illnesses.
I am confident that it will help the BRICS in our shared journey to scale new heights of partnership.
“Attacks in London are shocking and anguishing.
We have joined hands to build roads that bridge the distances of your country, from Zaranj to Delaram, and transmission lines that bring power to your homes.
More than 40,000 individual to be benefitted
However, certain State as well as Central Taxes continued to be present in the cost of exports.
I render my pranam to Pandit ji.
We have been successful in stopping that speedy rise of prices.
Similarly, the media discussed extensively about the 16 year old Rajani.
People tell us that he would be ever ready & eager, when it came to treatment of patients.
So, in the initial thousand days, efforts are being made for developing a strong mechanism to secure the future of the country.
He said India would become the fourth nation in the world to do so.
RIO is going to resound in our ears time and again.
But, the family was not in a good position economically.
This is perhaps, the single most important global development, towards the cause of environment, after the Paris Conference.
12. The two sides stressed the importance of increasing trade volume between the two countries, and eliminating export barriers.
Every Indian requires internet facility.
It is during this period that days begin to lengthen and the winter harvesting of our crops begins.
The focus of entire nation will be on it.
The leaders emphasized that cyberspace enables economic growth and development, and reaffirmed their commitment to an open, interoperable, secure, and reliable Internet, underpinned by the multistakeholder model of Internet governance.
The Prime Minister recalled that he had promised to repeal one law a day, and till date, the Union Government has repealed about 1200 laws.
India has seen Prime Ministers who said- out of every Rupee, only fifteen paisa reaches the poor.
– agriculture or health care;
Prime Minister recalled his wide-ranging, candid, and fruitful discussions with President Trump during his visit to the United States in June this year.
But, this time I have to leave for G-20 Summit and so felt in my heart that I should express my feelings in this regard in ‘Mann Ki Baat’ today.
Currently, all of India’s trans-shipment traffic gets handled in Colombo, Singapore and other international ports.
They spoke of their respective efforts to contribute to the regional and global economic development.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 500 biggest companies in the world, one-fourth belong to the public sector in some country.
More than 6 Crore families have received free gas connection under UjwalaYojana 1.5 Crore families have got a pucca house of their own under Pradhan MantriAwasYojana.
On 5th March, PM will visit the Annapurna Dham Trust in Adalaj, Gandhinagar.
Augmentation of the corpus would facilitate larger flow of credit to MSEs.
Apart from the initial establishment of the organization.
Whereas by implementation of GST, within a year we were able to mobilize 16 lakhs of revenue.
Congratulations to her on winning the Gold in the 50Kg wrestling event at the Asian Games 2018.
Both sides supported the early institutionalisation of cooperation between the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) and the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), to focus on exchange of knowledge and expertise in the area of methodologies for data collection, risk assessment and risk communication.
The Union Cabinet in its meeting held on 22nd February, 2015, accepted that this recommendation will be examined in due course in consultation with various stake holders.
If there was someone who spoke out against the economic culture of the Congress it was the son of Tamil Nadu, C. Rajagopalachari.
It is trust and optimism that will take our nation forward.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will be visiting Afghanistan, State of Qatar, Switzerland, United States of America and Mexico from June 4, 2016 to June 8, 2016.
I went for shopping with her at a mall.
For Juvenile to be tried under JJ Act.
The Sultanate of Oman conveyed interest to pursue cooperation on Space Applications with ISRO to the Ambassador of India to Oman in May 2016.
The Central Government is authorized under section 90 of the Income Tax Act, 1961 to enter into an Agreement with a foreign country or specified territory for exchange of information for the prevention of evasion or avoidance of income tax chargeable under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
I have believed it right from the beginning that the new generation should nurture the dream of becoming scientists, should have keen interest in Science, and our youngsters should step forward with the zeal to do something for the coming generations.
These disciplines include terms to. limit the benefits of financing support to agriculture exporters, rules on state enterprises engaging in agriculture trade, and disciplines to ensure that food aid does not negatively affect domestic production.
The new generation of the country only believes in development.
Deletion of the party specific member from the Trust will make it apolitical.
Interacting with the employees of various Electronic Manufacturing Units, Prime Minister said that India has gone a long way in Electronics Hardware Manufacturing in the last 4 years.
· BRICS Astronomy Conference (Sutherland: SALT – Southern African Large Telescope)
It has been almost 70 years.
It will be your contribution towards making of a digital India.
The perpetrators of Pulwama attack will be brought to justice and world will realise that this India is New India with a New Vision and every tear will be avenged.”.
Rabindra Sangeet has all the colours of our country and it is not bound by a language.
This will reduce the existing stagnation of ITS officers.
Hiring of employees through manpower supplier will not be permitted.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
But, it also comes from the recognition that when Afghanistan succeeds, the world will be safer and more beautiful.
In the long run, it will enable an improvement in the status of rural women in India, as well as contribute to meeting India’s commitment to the Convention to Eliminate All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW), the Beijing Platform for Action and the Sustainable Development Goals.
I extend my heartfelt welcome and express my sincere gratitude to all of you for your august presence today.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given approval for a special package for employment generation and promotion of exports in Textile and Apparel sector.
For this, they require specialized arbitration lawyers.
The two leaders called upon the international community to strengthen multilateral regimes to effectively address the challenges posed by terrorism.
The proposal for creation of the posts of Dy.
We have identified water management and conservation, and collaboration in scientific research and development as two areas of priority engagement.
Cooperation in the development of automation arid implementation of modernization projects, new and existing documentation and information systems in IP and procedures for management of IP;
“Congratulations to Akashvani (AIR) on launch of Akashvani Maitree, inaugurated by President of India.
Brothers and sisters, water is available now but it also brings responsibilities with it.
Cooperation will also be effected through exchange of research scientists and experts; exchange of agricultural information and scientific publications (journals, books, bulletins, statistical data on agriculture and allied sectors); exchange of germplasm & agriculture technology; and conducting joint seminars, workshops, symposiums and other similar activities.
This is a three fold increase!
We equally need to keep an eye on the rise of disruptive technologies and be prepared to leverage them for growth.
PM wished that Kochi refinery leads a petrochemical revolution in southern India and support the of growing needs of New India.
Following is the text of Prime Minister’s message on National Handloom Day:
These days we see that our youth are getting increasingly inclined to the field of sports.
The Saudi side welcomed interest of Indian side in investing in the Kingdom, especially taking advantage of the competitive investment opportunities offered by the Saudi economic and Industrial cities.
For this, both of us felt that we need to:
These relate to power generation, education, health and manufacturing sectors.
The entire financial implication would be borne by the respective CPSEs from their internal resources.
I view it also as something that is going to shake us all.
These challenges are not considered as challenges of the government but that of the country.
They look after the family.
The Prime Minister said that the women who were being honoured today have shattered many myths, and have shown how a positive change has begun in rural India.
The Republic Day will be celebrated with leaders of all ten ASEAN countries coming to India as Chief Guests.
It’s our ongoing effort
One more interesting thing happened.
If someone would want to know Modi through the eyes of the media, then he would be disillusioned on which modi is the real Modi.
Through crowd sourcing we can create a very large archive of our traditional games.
Secretary Mattis briefed Prime Minister on the progress in advancing the bilateral agenda and implementing the decisions taken during that visit.
My dear countrymen, Shriman Darshan from Mysore, Karnataka has written on My gov.
India supported outcomes on issues of interest to LDCs including enhanced preferential rules of origin for LDCs and preferential treatment for LDC services providers.
India is one of the brightest spot in the world economy.
During the festival season, our festivals, our culture, our traditions are focused upon.
Accordingly, the said Protocol was developed and adopted by the Conference of Parties (COP) which is the governing body of FCTC.
And I will definitely share the positive thoughts that arrive on #positiveindia (hashtag positive India) with the rest of our denizens in the next episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat.’
The financial outlay for this purpose is Rs 14,832 crore.
Now just two copper coins really do not amount to much.
He said the Union Government has got 5 crore toilets built in three years.
As frontline states of the Indian Ocean, Prime Minister Jugnauth and I agree that it is our responsibility to ensure collective maritime security around our coasts and in our EEZs.
The Prime Minister outlined the massive increase in investment and outlays in some key sectors over the last three years.
He said the Kumbh is as much about social reform as it is about spirituality.
Bhagini Nivedita ji revived the dignity and pride of Indian culture.
Very often, they cater to vulnerable and socially disadvantaged groups.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) among Brazil, Russian Federation, India, China, South Africa, regarding Cooperation in the Social and Labour Sphere.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has addressed the conference earlier in Guwahati, Assam in 2014, Dhordo, Rann of Kutch, Gujarat in 2015 and National Police Academy, Hyderabad in 2016.
Wheneverthere will be reference to Hockey,the story will remain incomplete without a mention of these legends.
On training, the Prime Minister said the development of soft skills is now essential, and should become a part of the training drill.
During the visit, the PM is likely to launch the following development projects –
It envisions a more sustainable management of water resources in India with an objective of tackling the challenges posed by water management in the context of growing population, competing water demands and a changing climate.
It is blessed with wonderful people and a remarkable spirit of resilience.
The NAD would be established and operationalised within the next three months and would be rolled out throughout the country in 2017-18.
The four-day event, which has been organized by the All India Ulama and Mashaikh Board, brings together several international dignitaries from 20 countries.
The fund would be operationalised as per the present arrangements under Prarambhik Shiksha Kosh (PSK) wherein the proceeds of cess are used for Sarv Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) and Mid-Day Meal (MDM) Schemes of the Department of School Education & Literacy.
He said that today, there is record production of foodgrains, pulses, fruits and vegetables, and milk.
And using the GST App all information is available on your mobile phone as to how much the price of an item was earlier and how much will it be now in the new situation.
Today, Muslim women can perform Haj without ‘mahram’ or male Guardian and I am happy to note that this time about thirteen hundred Muslim women have applied to perform Haj without ‘mahram’ and women from different parts of the country from Kerala to North India, have expressed their wish to go for the Haj pilgrimage.
We are fulfilling dreams that should have been fulfilled long ago, the Prime Minister said.
The decisions today will provide an impetus to this mission.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the Go-Bar Dhan Yojana for creating compost, bio-gas etc from bio-waste.
All this offers tremendous scope for tourism in the region.
South Africa transformed Mohandas into a Mahatma.
The SCO has a rich agenda for cooperation, ranging from fighting terrorism, separatism and extremism to promoting cooperation in connectivity, commerce, customs, law, health and agriculture; protecting the environment and mitigating disaster risk; and fostering people-to-people relations.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the Union Government.
I am extremely thankful to young Chinmayee for touching upon this subject.
The Prime Minister also spoke at length about Shri Bahuguna’s contributions in the education sector, and development in the hilly areas of the country.
From 25th November till 30th December, the limit will be increased.
My experience has been that we can remain happy by accepting the circumstances.
But the true test of an expert innovation is when it solves a complex problem.
I too had the opportunity to participate in the Yoga event held in Lucknow.
“In the spirit of this year’s World Tuberculosis Day theme of ‘Wanted: Leaders for a TB-free world’ I urge citizens and organisations to take the lead in the movement to end TB.
· Meetings of the BRICS Working Groups (Competition)
The MoU was signed on 06th December, 2017 in New Delhi.
Both leaders witnessed the exchange of the contract between the Department of Atomic Energy of India and the Novoi Minerals and Metallurgical Company of the Republic of Uzbekistan on long-term supply of Uranium Ore Concentrate for India’s energy requirements.
To further enhance cooperation with various countries, particularly in view of the new initiatives taken by Government of India like “Digital India”, “Make in India” etc., there is an increased need for exploring business opportunities in the technology sector which are of interest.
Noida mainly has road linkages with Delhi and the adjoining areas of Uttar Pradesh and Haryana State.
The steps that the two Governments have taken in the last two years through the U.S.-India Contact Group, including by addressing the nuclear liability issue, inter alia, through India’s ratification of the Convention on Supplementary Compensation for Nuclear Damage, have laid a strong foundation for a long-term partnership between U.S. and Indian companies for building nuclear power plants in India.
Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar’s mantra of “Bina Sanskar, Nahin Sahkar.”
He said the Government is working with a different approach on these 115 districts.
In the last two sessions of the science congress, I presented before you several key challenges and opportunities for the nation.
These people should be invited to schools and colleges to share their experiences.
Brothers and sisters, if there is a government with foresight; if it is dedicated to the well-being of the public; if it has the intention of changing the lives of the common man we can guess what kind of good results can be produced.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to transfer 11.35 acres of land to Airports Authority of India (AAI) by way of exchanging equivalent land of AAI at Anisabad.
Our farmers and the agricultural markets have to face global challenges and competition.
Shri Narendra Modi also inaugurated a Steel Processing Unit of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), at Kandrori, Kangra.
He said these projects are part of the Union Government’s commitment to cleaning the River Ganga.
The function was witnessed at over 3000 locations across the country, which were connected to the main event in Delhi.
In India, we have taken bold steps to ensure financial inclusion and risk insurance for the poorest.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
Friends, I want some promises from the ICSI for 2022 when the country will celebrate the 75th year of its independence.
We regard experience sharing and exchange as key to increasing mutual understanding and enhancing BRICS anti-corruption cooperation and will continue our efforts in this aspect as we have done in previous years.
Every year this day is observed on 28th February.
I urge each State of India to identify at least one food product for specialisation.
PM said, “India’s self-confidence is at an all-time high.
The government is continuously making efforts in this regard.
Our Government believesin an integrated approach to energy planning.
“I will visit Germany on 29-30 May 2017 on the invitation of German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the Fourth India-Germany Intergovernmental Consultations (IGC).
Israelis and Indians are innovative by birth.
On Clean Energy and Climate Change, we are both committed to the 2015 Paris Agreement.
He invited the global CEOs for a deeper and more productive engagement with India.
The MoU provides for setting up of a Joint Working Group in order to promote bilateral exchanges in the field of agriculture, consider long-term initiatives for agricultural cooperation, and promote cooperation in order to reduce phytosanitary risks in exported goods also through the definition of specific joint procedures.
We reiterate our warm appreciation to South Africa for the success of the 10th BRICS Summit, Johannesburg, 25-27 July 2018 and recommit ourselves to enhancing further our strategic partnership for the benefit of our peoples.
Equally so, the freedom to write, and to decide what is to be written, does not include the freedom to be “less than accurate,” or “factually incorrect.”
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Indian Navy personnel and their families on Navy Day.
We have used this identity to liberate our people from queues and cumbersome processes.
It will improve the functional efficiency of Material Management of Naval Stores and ensure operational readiness of the Navy at all times.
Soon too, the images of traditional firewood stoves will only remain a picture in our social history texts.
Our bilateral defense cooperation is built on strong mutual trust.
Dharmendra Kumar and Gnr.
The discharge from the pulp and paper industry or the liquor industry is almost coming to an end.
8. Suraaj means the progress of the common man, a govt that is sensitive to the requirements and aspirations of the common man.
In order to ensure that there is no slippage on date of implementation of GST from 1st April, 2017, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made on various steps needed for the rollout of GST relating to preparation of Model GST laws and rules to be framed, establishment of IT infrastructure for both Centre and States, training of officers of Central and State Governments and outreach for awareness of trade and industry.
We engaged with businesses on a regular basis, understood their concerns and sought to modify regulation to address their concerns.
Agricultural markets are regulated by states.
Under this Pradhanmantri Saubhagya Yojana, the government of India and the state government will work together to provide electricity to those houses which don’t have electricity connection.
A Joint Coordination Committee (JCC) with members from both sides will be formed to decide cooperation activities to be taken under the MoU in following areas:
Today, the entire country is celebrating Rakshabandhan.
Appreciating the work done by Dr Syedna Mufaddal Saifuddin, Prime Minister said that love and dedication towards the nation are the hallmarks of his teachings.
He said this is the true essence of “Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.”
Friends, please don’t do this.
He laid foundation stone of Guru Ravidas Birth Place Development Project to mark Ravidas Jayanti celebrations.
Not only this, they lauded them and showered them with high praise for their brilliant performance.
This is a big challenge.
They get a good sleep out of it.
Amreli (Gujarat) Date of birth: 1st October 1954 Educational qualification: B.Sc. and B.Ed.
Interest subsidy would be available to every rural household who is not covered under the Pradhan Mantri Aawas Yojana (Grameen), PMAY(G).
It will be applicable to both smoking and chewing or smokeless tobacco (SLT) forms as negotiated and adopted under Article 15 of the World Health Organization Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (WHO FCTC).
We welcome the commissioning of the review of the BRICS Joint Trade Study on promoting intra-BRICS Value Added Trade.
PETROTECH provides the perfect setting to ponder over the future of the energy sector.
He added that sanitation coverage in the rural areas has increased.
He expressed confidence that the Delhi End TB Summit would be a landmark event towards the complete elimination of TB.
He added that if the evils of corruption and black money were removed earlier, he would not have had to take the decisions that he took.
My participation in these meetings symbolizes our continued commitment to strengthening our engagement with ASEAN Member States and with the wider Indo-Pacific region.
This remarkable feat by ISRO is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation.
Use of technology should minimize physical interface and assist time bound decision-making.
With an eye on the future, we also agreed to set up a Science and Technology Commission.
Today, in the twenty-second meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
In less than four years, we have issued 794 more export permissions, for a total value of over 1.3 billion dollars.
If we collectively strive to do it with eternal vigilance , it surely can be flushed out.
The Agreement will facilitate exchange programmes in the field of Youth Affairs, which will help in promoting exchange of ideas, values and culture amongst Youth and in consolidating friendly relations between India and Tajikistan.
Our young tribal children, those who live in our forests in the far-flung areas, they have enhanced the glory of the tri-colour by unfurling it on the Mount Everest.
He asked for a push to be given to “e-assessment” and anonymity of proceedings using technology, so that vested interests do not impede the due course of law.
Distinguished dignitaries on the dais,
We in India strongly desire to see a democratic, prosperous and peaceful Republic of Maldives.
The two leaders then attended the Convocation of the Visva Bharati University.
Indians have displayed the strength of people power, utmost discipline, and the ability to discern the truth in a storm of disinformation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi gave its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Korea on Trade Remedy Cooperation.
Further, the foreign investment should result in generating employment to at least 20 resident Indians every financial year.
In addition, I look forward to engaging with leaders of nine other countries, including BRICS partners, in an Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue, hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to introduce official amendments to the HIV and AIDS (Prevention and Control) Bill, 2014.
It will facilitate sharing of experience and expertise of both the parties in the area of recruitment.
Once completed, it will be highly beneficial for the residents of Haryana and other nearby states
Remembering these powerful words, and the rich thoughts of the venerableSwami Vivekananda on his Jayanti.
Similarly, Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana was launched in July 2015.
Similarly, health sector is another area of great interest to both sides.
NEC implements various projects through the State and Central agencies.
The Prime Minister will visit Jammu, Srinagar and Leh on Feb 03, 2019.
As we boost our discovery science ecosystem, we must also focus on innovation and start-ups, the Prime Minister said.
Under the PMSSY, AIIMS have been established in Bhubaneswar, Bhopal, Raipur, Jodhpur, Rishikesh and Patna.
It This will allow pooling in of diverse technological and industrial capabilities and enable broader participation in research opportunities and technology development benefitting large number of students and researchers.
We agreed that peace, security and development for our people and for the region will remain central to our engagement.
I state again my Government’s strong support to the ongoing dialogue process between the two Koreas and between the U.S.A. and D.P.R.K.
He said lessons in local archaeology could form part of the school syllabus.
Today, India’s development cooperation with Sri Lanka amounts to US Dollars 2.6 billion.
That Act was not notified then.
He said he trusts the country’s medical sector to accomplish this task.
In this regard, we underscore the importance of increasing mutual exchanges and data sharing.
There are many projects under way.
The hubs will share major infrastructure, drive our national science missions and be the engines that link discovery to application.
The Prime Minister said that the Sursagar Dairy would bring enormous benefit to the people.
We welcome it.
Even though this is my first visit to this great country, my delegation and I already feel at home in this Rainbow Nation.
The Prime Minister said the District Mineral Foundation, envisaged in the last Union Budget, would help channelize funds for the development of the tribal communities.
It will result in rebuilding of the linkage over Nagaveli river which was washed away during floods in July 2017.
3. Extension of Rebate of State Levies (ROSL) (for apparel) Scheme to made-ups sector for enhanced Duty Drawback on exports of Made-ups.
The duplication of efforts is avoided and national Research and Development capabilities are strengthened.
In our meeting last year, President and I had also agreed to accord close and personal supervision of the implementation of our decisions.
India and Myanmar share a land-border of over 1600 kms as well as a maritime boundary.
So my development parameter is very simple.
It will also help in increasing foreign tourist arrivals from Uzbekistan to the country.
This has instilled a new self-confidence, fresh energy and a resolve in every Indian to move ahead with new hope.
Congratulations to her on winning a well-deserved Gold in the vault event at the FIG World Challenge Cup in Mersin, Turkey.
It will help in integrated planning of the transport sector.
These units were lying defunct since their closure during 1990-2002.
He described the Prime Minister’s Award as a step towards motivating civil servants, and congratulated the awardees.
This sector provides the bulk of employment in the country and to make them more competitive, we have to reduce the cost of doing business.
The Convention will help Indian traders to have access to fast, easy, reliable and hassle free international system for movement of goods by road or multi- modal means across the territories of other contracting parties.
Mr. Salahuddin Rabbani, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Afghanistan, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon.
Big shots are getting arrested and being sent to custody.
I have already given this warning.
To free ourselves of these habits we will have to constantly strive and persevere.
And, to ease your path, Visa on Arrival for Korean nationals has been put in place since October last year.
Friends, it is necessary that the consumers also understand their shared responsibilities towards the society and discharge their duties in this regard to achieve Sustainable Development Goals.
There is a separate section to exhibit some of the personnel belongings of Dr Kalam, including his famous Rudra Veena, G-suit he wore during his Su-30 MKI flight and numerous awards he received.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today granted ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Japan for promoting sustainable, stable and low-carbon thermal power development in India.
In its endeavour to attract investments and promote industrialisation, the Government of Uttar Pradesh had organised the UP Investors Summit in February 2018.
The second edition of “Samvad”- Global Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environment Consciousness, is being organised in Yangon today and tomorrow.
I pay tributes to the exemplary Major Dhyan Chand, whose legendary sporting skills did wonders for Indian hockey.
Prime Minister referred to his fruitful visit to Sri Lanka in May this year for the International Vesak Day.
Besides, the government is willing to provide funds up to Rs. 1,000 crores.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives in the building collapse in Kanpur.
Financial Implications:-
I organized a hakathon.
I greatly welcome the growing ties between our parliamentarians, and between our states and Japan’s prefectures.
India never had the tradition to import pulses and if it had to import on rare occasions, it was only a few thousand tons.
I congratulate them too… my best wishes to them.
I have countless fond memories with him.
He must have attained his field of perfection with a lot of hard work.
He said District Mineral Foundations will help the poor and the tribals in a big way.
b) Categorisation of Schemes: Existing CSSs should be divided into Core and Optional Schemes.
Guests from India and abroad,
India is the global host nation for the 43rd edition of this event.Environment Ministers, representatives from United Nations and members from various industry bodies will be among the various dignitaries attending the event.
“Congratulations to Manohar Parrikar and his team on being sworn in.
His teachings are particularly relevant to us today, when we are confronted with people who use religion, caste to divide and create animosity.
That is why my vision for India is rapid transformation, not gradual evolution.
You might have noticed one recent incident, a unique example of grit, determination and patriotism that was witnessed by all countrymen.
But for that to happen, first all of us need to get connected to Yoga.
The policy proposes raising public health expenditure to 2.5% of the GDP in a time bound manner.
He said such dreams were shared by countless freedom fighters.
We are delighted to be a part of the South Africa skills story through the recent launch of the Gandhi Mandela Skills Institute.
One who is working there knows the amount of dirt that exists and how certain things have been caught in a web.
Congress misuses Article 356 several times…but Modi is destroying institutions.
After careful examination and consultation with various Ministries/Departments in the Government of India, four Acts have been enacted to repeal 1175 Central Acts (during the period May, 2014 to August, 2016) by Parliament which are –
Waste Water Management projects in Vadodara and Delhi are making good progress.
In order to clear a test, treat the test as a festive occasion.
I am also convinced that India can move forward if all the regions develop including the North East region.
Such is the glory of Lord Shiva.
The India-ASEAN partnership may be just 25 years old.
• In order to meet energy mix demand in the future, both Leaders encouraged renewal of the MoU on Cooperation in the Field of Oil and Gas and the working of its Joint Working Group, to expand wider scope of cooperation at the earliest convenience.
The validity of both the MoUs will terminate at the end of the three months’ period of assignment and the same will not be extendable.
· Meeting of BRICS Finance Deputies – 18 to 20 April (Washington, DC)
Broad based and wide ranging cooperation in agriculture and food security is our shared priority.
Less than a hundred days are now left for the International Yoga Day on 21st June.
Memorandum of Understanding for Establishing Mutual Cooperation to Improve the Ecosystem for Agribusiness
Existing land and infrastructure at National Academy of Indian Railways (NAIR) at Vadodara, Gujarat will be utilized, and suitably modified and modernized for the purpose of the university.
Knee implants cost has also been regulated and reduced by 50% to 70%.
Mr. Yang Jiechi and Mr. Ajit Doval briefed the Prime Minister on the 20th round of Talks between Special Representatives of China and India on the Boundary Question, held earlier in the day.
65. We acknowledge the need to upkeep WTO’s negotiating function.
The Prime Minister said that the State has to be policy driven.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
We have taken decisive steps to ease the licensing processes and rationalize the provisions relating to clearances, returns, and inspections.
It is the second largest temple in the entire Bagan region.
The Prime Minister will also lay the Foundation Stone for the upgradation of Government Medical Colleges at Bhagalpur and Gaya.
MINISTERIAL MEETINGS:
The MoU will provide an opportunity to the ICAI members to expand theirprofessional horizons and simultaneously ICAI will become an entity to aidand strengthen capacity building of local nationals.
GSLV Mk-III Continuation Programme – Phase 1 will be the first phase of operational flights of the GSLV Mk-III launch vehicle and the approval will cater to the launch of satellite missions during the period 2019-2024.
It is also a celebration of our abiding friendship.
The PM added, the Dandi memorial encapsulates the ideals of Mahatma Gandhi- Agrah for Swadeshi, Swatchagrah and Satyagraha and it will be a major attraction for the tourists in the coming days.
The savings thereon have been used in giving free gas connections to 3 crore households so far.
What a wonderful life, what a dedicated mission!
The leaders agreed on the need to closely engage with regional and international issues of mutual interest and concern.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to school education and literacy.
Guru Nanak Dev said- Manav ki jat sabho ek pahchanbo (Identify all human being as one cast).
We welcome internationally recognized institutions in this effort.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for establishment of Rashtriya Kamdhenu Aayog for Conservation protection and development of cows and their progeny.
This data reflects that how the government has performed the role of a policy maker and policy implementer after bringing the country out of policy paralysis.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the negotiating stand of India at the 24th Conference of Parties (COP) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) held in Katowice, Poland from 2-15 December 2018.
Friends, This also represents a golden opportunity for the country’s banking system.
The BPOM regulates these products in Indonesia.
I have been advocating three Ps for India.
PM will address the gathering at the venue
He said challenges are the path to achieving success in life, and these Collectors have the opportunity for that.
Later today, I will inaugurate one such project at Sree Padmanabhaswamy
And in India, Ashok’s life perfectly epitomizes the transformation from war to enlightenment.
This will deepen the concessions being offered under this Agreement.
· Loans of more than Rs. 3.75 lakh crore have been given to more than 9 crore account holders without any bank guarantee under the Mudra scheme.
Seminar on Long Term Infrastructure Financing and PPP best practices(22 September 2016, New Delhi) 64.
He also requested introduction of a system so that the process of finalization of retirement benefits for all employees can begin a year in advance.
We pledge to work collectively towards making BIMSTEC stronger, more effective, and result oriented.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Uzbekistan for establishment of the Uzbek-Indian Free Pharmaceutical Zone in the Andijan Region of Uzbekistan.
“Nuakhai Juhar.
CA is an arrangement in which Human Resource Development (HR) is done only by you.
19. The Prime Minister of India welcomed the investment from Saudi Arabia in the National Investment and Infrastructure Fund (NIIF) and other key sectors in India.
The Prime Minister dedicated a Jal Ambulance service, and a Jal Shav Vahan service to the people of Varanasi, through a video link.
I welcome all of you to this programme.
Both sides concluded the Joint Study Group Report on 20th October, 2016 and agreed to carry forward the discussions on trade in goods, trade in services and investment.
The Prime Minister congratulated all those who contributed during the “Swachhata hi Seva” fortnight; but added that a lot more needs to be done.
Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Vijay Rupani called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi at Parliament House this morning, and apprised him of the situation arising out of incessant rain and flood in parts of the State.
Responding to a question, he said Germany and India are “made for each other.”
The railway tracks are being laid at double the speed.
The sugarcane farmers are happy that ethanol production has tripled.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
Prime Minister exchange views with the delegation members on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
MoU between Republic of India and Republic of Argentina for cooperation in the field of Tourism
As per the existing Act, it was required to have the representation of dentists registered in Part B as Central Government nominees in the Dental Council of India and the election of four/ two members from Part B to the State/ Joint State Dental Councils.
However, there are certain individuals in the present generation also, who live up to these ideals.
The discussion focused on areas such as macro-economy, trade, monetary policy, competitiveness, productivity and energy, with ideas from global research.
He said that today, Yoga has become a part of many people’s lives.
My dear countrymen, two days back on 23rd November, we all celebrated Shri Guru Nanak Dev Jayanti and next year in 2019 we shall be celebrating his 550th Prakash Parv.
There should be a number of Run for Unity programmes in every city, every town and the weather is also such that one would enjoy running – It is essential for developing a will power of steel, like that of Sardar Saheb.
I ask all of you to urge all your friends and family to visit the Science City over the coming weeks.
The Prime Minister assured that a central team will visit the state soon to assess the extent of damage and relief.
But he had run a massive campaign that what kind of MPs we should have.
The Prime Minister mentioned that India attached great significance to further strengthening her relations with Qatar, which is our close friend and with which we share an extended neighbourhood.
The land frontiers of our two countries are not far apart.
To support the sugar sector, the Government had recently extended soft loan assistance of Rs.4305 crore to the industry which has been directly credited to farmers account on behalf of sugar mills through banks benefitting about 32 lakh farmers.
That is why, I have been suggesting to manufacturers of aerated drinks, the potential of blending five per cent fruit juice in their products.
He said well executed projects and schemes should serve as case studies, so that their success can be emulated.
Capacity building projects have been undertaken through the ASEAN-India Cooperation Fund, the ASEAN-India Green Fund, and ASEAN-India Science and Technology Fund.
He ensured the welfare of every section of society.
The Soundarya Lahari is a set of shlokas composed by Adi Shankaracharya.
Senior officers of Central Public Sector Enterprises, and top Ministry officials will attend the conclave.
Thirdly, he sought the role of private participation in the distribution of gas sector.
Which companies are they bidding for that they are acting so shamefully?
There is a provision of a bumper draw also in that.
Kyrgyzstan is a part of CIS countries and is bordered by countries like Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan.
This brings our resource allocation for Bangladesh to more than 8 billion dollars over the past six years.
The Nordic countries welcomed India’s application for membership of the Nuclear Suppliers’ Group and reaffirmed their commitment to work constructively within the Group with the aim of reaching a positive outcome at the earliest opportunity.
Recognising the importance of the role played by the media in fostering and supporting democracy, both sides welcomed the conclusion of the Memorandum of Understanding on cooperation between the Press Council of India and the Myanmar Press Council.
30. The two sides agreed to hold the inaugural joint naval exercises at the earliest and agreed to further expand bilateral exercises in other domains.
We recognized the positive contribution of BRICS countries’ to global economic growth after the 2008 financial crisis.
Home Minister Shri Rajnath Singh ji is closely monitoring the situation.
The Government of India is executing 15 New Rail Line projects of 1385 kilometers length, at a cost of over Rs.47,000 crore.
Just a few days ago, in the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland, India’s brave daughter and a farmer daughter Hima Das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400-meter race event.
Your silver at the Paralympics makes the nation very proud.
Many years ago, when I first got the chance to go there, I could feel a certain vibration in that place.
Minister of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution.
Ties of history and strong cultural links between our societies are our shared heritage.
The PM will also inaugurate renovation and restoration works at Asurgarh Fort in Kalahandi.
The Prime Minister spoke at length about the challenge of cyber crime, and the importance of strengthening forensics and cyber forensic labs in this context.
Most people believe that the greatest contribution of ‘Mann Ki Baat’ has been the enhancement of a feeling of positivity in our society.
I extend my congratulations and good wishes to all the players, their colleagues, and all the sports lovers once again.
14. Both leaders appreciated the well-functioning bilateral institutional mechanisms in the field of trade & investment, energy, defence and manpower.
Finally, we took the decision.
The small countries of the world are as important as the big nations.
We will strengthen our partnership on global development, to accelerate progress to eradicate extreme poverty by 2030.
He also extended warm Diwali greetings to the Indian community in Japan.
Increase of existing structure of Group ‘A’ posts from 4109 to 4183 posts are as follows:
Significant capacity additions have been made in transmission lines, transformer capacity, and inter-regional transmission.
MOU on Cooperation and Collaboration between Prasar Bharti, India and the Federal System of Media and Public Contents, Argentina
Seventh, utilize the opportunities provided by social media and mobile technologies.
Through the Indian Community Welfare Fund we have assisted more than eighty thousand Indian nationals abroad/ who were in contingency situations.
Giving statistics, the Prime Minister explained how a lot of work has already been done in this direction.
Addressing the gathering at the iconic Capitol Complex, the Prime Minister said that today, people in all parts of the country have connected with Yoga.
We reaffirm our commitment to fully implement the outcomes of the Johannesburg Summit and previous Summits.
Mohamed Aslam, Minister of National Planning and Infrastructure
The Cabinet also approved setting up of an on-line monitoring system with geo-tagging by the Department of Justice enabling data collection on progress, completion of court halls and residential units under construction, including for future projects as well as better asset management and formulation of norms and specification of court halls and residential units to be constructed under Scheme for implementation throughout the country for future.
Since its beginning about two-three months ago, this movement has had a clear impact and has been a very big success in many townships, villages and cities.
I am not saying that you should keep on sleeping.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to remember, and keep in touch with the various Gurus, mentors and teachers, who have guided them right from childhood.
Ms. Riva Ganguly Das, DG ICCR
1. Global Supply Chain, Transportation, Port, Border and Maritime Security,
It will be a great service to the nation if the country comes together in this endeavour.
He said that political will and clear vision are necessary for reforms.
The Centre was inaugurated at Jangla Development Hub, in the aspirational district of Bijapur in Chhattisgarh.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 18,000 villages that had been left unelectrified, about 13,000 were in eastern India, and 5000 in the North-East.
The foundation stone of NRL Bio Refinery at Numaligarh and a 729 km gas pipeline from Barauni – Guwahati passing through Bihar, West Bengal, Sikkim & Assam will be laid by PM on this occasion.
Over the centuries, we have been learning from each other and Trade and Consumer Protection are also an integral part of this process.
He said that the Government is also investing about one lakh crore rupees to complete long pending irrigation projects, which will be of great and lasting help to farmers in many parts of the country.
He will be remembered for his rich social work.
28. To empty government coffers has been a tradition of past governments, I have tried to keep away from such a temptation.
I expect many more such investments.
His personality was filled to the brim with the greatest of virtues.
Works like Encyclopaedia of Hinduism, when made available in various languages, increase the under-standing and enhance the awareness of other traditions and cultures within the country.
We have been successful in bringing transparency at various levels.
He will also distribute the Swachh Survekshan-2018 Awards, and launch the Swachh Survekshan-2018 results dashboard.
His public life started with the JP movement.
The weavers including ancillary workers will be benefited from activities to be taken under MOU.
He said, we are working on the mantra of Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas.
In order to convey his ideals, Guru Nanak Dev ji composed the Gurbani.
IPPB has been envisioned as an accessible, affordable and trusted bank for the common man, to help speedily achieve the financial inclusion objectives of the Union Government.
Ten, Just as India and Africa fought colonial rule together, we will work together for a just, representative and democratic global order that has a voice and a role for one-third of humanity that lives in Africa and India.
I held the first ever retreat of a Prime Minister with bankers.
This will help the FCI reduce its interest cost.
I knew him personally for over four decades.
• More than 7.5 crore JanDhan accounts receiving DBTs.
The North East is home to exotic fruits, flowers, vegetables, aromatic plants, and herbs.
Young people have the advantage of freshness and new ideas, enabling them to face new challenges more effectively, PM said.
The Prime Minister travelled on the maiden voyage of this service, from Ghogha to Dahej.
The Prime Minister said that the aspirations of people are rising, and they want i-ways, gas grids, water grids, and optical fibre networks in addition to conventional infrastructure.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for closure of Hindustan Cables Limited (HCL), Kolkata as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956/2013, Industrial Disputes Act, 1947 and other relevant Acts.
Some WTO member countries were seeking outcomes on domestic regulations in services, disciplines on fisheries subsidies, E-commerce, Investment Facilitation and Micro, Medium and Small Enterprises (MSMEs).
The Prime Minister has also urged people to take pledge for creating a ‘New India’ by 2022.
The other arm of Ayushman Bharat is the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana.
We have committed to the world to work towards reducing the effects of climate change.
Mr Oleg Belozerov, CEO-Chairman of JSC Russian Railways
27. Meeting of BRICS Working Group on Environment (15 September 2016, Goa) 28.
Today in Stockholm, the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister of Denmark Lars Løkke Rasmussen, the Prime Minister of Finland Juha Sipilä, the Prime Minister of Iceland Katrín Jakobsdóttir, the Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg and the Prime Minister of Sweden Stefan Löfven held a Summit hosted by the Swedish Prime Minister and the Indian Prime Minister.
The MoU would lead to set up a Joint Working Group, drawing members from DOS/ISRO and Royal Centre for Remote Sensing (CRTS) and the Royal Centre for Space Research and Studies (CRERS), which will further work out the plan of action including the time-frame and the means of implementing the MoU.
The total project cost would be Rs.7,330 Crore.
For the past three decades, in Belagavi, she has made a great contribution towards changing the lives of countless women.
Amritsar reinforces the value of restoring connectivity which is so crucial for the overall growth, stability and economic prosperity of Afghanistan.
In that context, India has to make its place in the world, he added.
Also, why should there be rivalry?
Anshul ji, I thank you for raising this issue.
Speaking on the occasion, he highlighted the importance of air connectivity for the economy, and the tourism sector in particular.
It is in the interests of producersthat other economies keep growing steadily and rapidly.
My commitment is for the development of each of my countrymen.
We reiterate that the status of Jerusalem is one of the final status issues to be defined in the context of negotiations between Israel and Palestine.
And when I talk of Atal Incubation Centres, the government has considered allocating the huge sum of 10 crore rupees for this also.
They directed their Finance and Trade Ministers to work together to find ways and means to substantially increase the flow of bilateral investments and growth of trade ties.
My dear countrymen, a few days ago, Officer AbhilashTomy of our Navy was struggling between life and death.
2. exchange of invitations to international conferences and seminars;
We have been following the path shown by Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji to find a solution.
We have undertaken the exercise to launch Digital economy in a mission mode which will go a long way in achieving the target of 2500 crore digital transactions in 2017-18.
Congratulations to ISRO.
Mumbai or Surat, your clarion call has led people to adopt cleanliness as a mission.
· 6th Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Science, Technology and Innovation – 3 July (Durban)
We reiterate our commitment to working together to strengthen multilateralism and promote a fair, just, equitable, democratic and representative international order.
These are human values, which are most desired in the world today.
The Prime Minister pressed a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
Description
Article 26 on ‘Exchange of Information’ of the existing Convention has been replaced with a new Article in the Protocol which is in line with the international standard for exchange of information.
The success of this Summit shines a spotlight on the abiding strength of India-Russia strategic partnership.
Pakistan is roaming around with its begging bowl but it’s not getting help from the world.”
India has a golden history in Hockey.
PM MODI: We will have to put stress on water management here.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a plaque to mark the launch of Digital Nerve Centres for primary healthcare.
Or Will the new Government oust Raghuram Rajan?
· The Central Board for Skills Certification to be set up by September 2016 to infuse quality into India’s skill development ecosystem.
The Government of India will provide counter guarantee for the loan.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of vital infrastructure projects in the railway, road, port, power and natural gas sectors, spread over several states including Telangana, Odisha, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Haryana, Bihar, West Bengal, and Meghalaya.
It has such great saints, great men, who utilised their devotion, their knowledge to change the fate of the nation, to build the nation.
They also agreed that proper management of the bilateral relationship will be conducive for the development and prosperity of the region, and will create the conditions for the Asian Century.
That is why our emphasis is on empowering the common man.
The Summit, will be co-hosted by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, WHO South East Asia Regional Office (SEARO) and Stop TB Partnership.
There was a terrific pace of engagement with Pakistan between October, November and December.
At the same time, an important responsibility of the State is to protect its own citizens.
We have brought in the reforms in the insurance sector.
Once again many- many greetings
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
And that is why his birthday is celebrated as National Unity Day.
This has gained wide acceptance.
He expressed his happiness over the renovation and restoration works at the Nilamadhav and Siddheswar temples in Gandhaharadi (Boudh).
He said the modernized and expanded plant would be instrumental in building a strong foundation for New India.
The money will also help HEC to liquidate its Government dues, bankers’ dues and other immediate liabilities.
I will meet President Reuven Ruvi Rivlin – who I had the pleasure of receiving in New Delhi in November last year, as well as other senior leaders.
1. Strengthening of telecom network will result in increase the penetration of mobile connectivity in Meghalaya resulting in affordable and equitable access of communication, information and governance to people.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Government of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar and the Government of the Republic of India on Enhancing the Cooperation of the Upgradation of the Women’s Police Training Centre at Yamethin, Myanmar.
The MoC will enable technical cooperation in the following areas:-
This was the first visit by an Indian Prime Minister in 21 years.
There is no dearth of talent in our country.
The Sides are satisfied with the implementation of the Cultural Exchange Programme for 2017-2019 signed in 2017.
Under Section 31 of the Prohibition of Employment as Manual Scavengers and their Rehabilitation Act 2013, the Commission is to perform functions namely:
My dear countrymen, let me mention once again, that this Season of Rains, with its abundance of festivals and festivities, brings with it a unique new feeling of the times.
d) To establish exchange programme for cooperation in Human Resource Development.
2. Born on February 24, 1948 at Mysore, Selvi J. Jayalalithaa got her education at the Bishop Cotton Girls’ High School at Bengaluru and the Presentation Convent Church Park at Chennai.
And it is nice to see all sorts of new innovations.
There were times when the family had no money to buy food.
“We strongly condemn the cowardly terror attack in Uri.
The Prime Minister will also interact with the beneficiaries of Ayushman Bharat at Kancheepuram.
The Prime Minister will then proceed to Pune.
3. Regulation of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and exchange of information;
Just recently the government has launched another scheme – ‘Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Har Ghar Bijli Yojana or Saubhagya scheme’.
He added that the Commemorative Coin is a small effort on our part to show our respect and reverence to him.
But through awareness, technology, and a genuine global partnership, I am sure we can make the right choices.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of vital infrastructure projects in the railway, road and power sectors, spread over several states including Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Tripura and Nagaland.
One among them was Netaji Subash Chandra Bose.
The existing Regional Offices at Kolkata and Udaipur have been upgraded to the Zonal office (East) and Zonal Office (North).
I also see a large number of young Members of Parliament here.
SEBI has been given the task of regulating commodity derivatives also.
This expression reflects our ancient, inclusive traditions.
The Agreement intends to promote close cooperation in the areas of e-Governance, IT education, Implementation and roll out of generic configurable e-Governance products / devices in various sectors, development of Data Centers etc.
One should decide one’s own path and also decide a way for connecting along those attached to one and the Caravan should get going.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of theMemorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and Canada.
He interacted with some innovators and beneficiaries.
No country can afford any longer to develop in isolation.
Schemes like, Pradhan Mantri Jeewan Jyoti Bima Yojna, Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojna, with a small premium of one rupee or thirty rupees, are giving a new sense of confidence to the poor.
5. A very unique feature of the Indo-American relationship is the critical role of the Indian-American community in the US economy.
We already have a robust cooperation in the field of institution and capacity building, especially in the field of education.
POP idols are not environment friendly”.
Land Use, Land Use Change and Forestry (LULUCF)**
It can be in any language; it could be silent too.
Obviously, time will be needed.
We should also gradually make it our nature to set our work patterns according to the weather predictions, which could safeguard us against losses.
A lot of people would have got employment, people who plant trees would have been employed.
It will help in improving quality of education amongst tribal students and also provide an avenue for their overall growth and personal development.
This will empower the Major Ports to perform with greater efficiency on account of full autonomy in decision making and by modernizing the Institutional structure of Major Ports.
The entire nation stands with the people of Northeast during this time.
“Spoke to Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis on the situation arising due to incessant rain in Mumbai and surrounding areas.
He said that the Union Government is also working towards an industrial policy which will be more reflective of current realities, and will be in accordance with the new vision of the entrepreneurs of New India.
The MoU was renewed on 13thNovember 2018.
Adalaj and Patan Ki Raniki Vaav (Baodi) in Gujarat is a UNESCO World Heritage site and its grandeur is to be seen to be believed.
Seventy five years may be a considerable amount of time in a human life-span.
People in the government naturally don’t miss any opportunity but news papers also raised the questions that it was not doable.
I see people full of energy and enthusiasm to offer themselves to a greater cause.
He said all of them have a unique importance, and have contributed in their own way.
Goods are also being transported much faster.
Amount (Rs. in lakhs)
They have embarked upon the journey of being partners in Nation building.
Each one should nurture dreams for the next Olympics.
Breaking rules has become our way of life.
The earlier Agreement was signed on 31th January, 1978.
These are called big four.
This delegation comprised some of the CEOs who are in New Delhi for the India Sweden Business Leaders Round Table.
From the days when handpumps were seen to be a sign of development, today the waters of the Narmada River have been brought for the benefit of citizens.
Their vigilance keeps our nation secure.
My yardstick for supporting or advocating any course of action is the net benefit or value it brings to the lives of our people.
Prime Minister Modi, even as Chief Minister of Gujarat, used to auction mementoes received by him, so that the proceeds could go for the education of girl children.
He also mentioned the Gallantry Awards Portal launched on 15 August, 2017.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
Under this, the farmers can avail concessional crop loans of upto Rs.3 lakh at 7% rate of interest.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned Mahatma Gandhi, Satyagraha, and the Charkha.
This way, after mobilizing funds for twelve long years, Saidul’s mammoth efforts paid rich dividends.
New Greenfield Airport in Itanagar and Sela Tunnel foundation stone to be laid by PM in Itanagar
Our festivals, our celebrations are not merely occasions of joy and merriment.
India has never desired anyone else’s territory.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on Valmiki Jayanti.
The objective of the Agreement is to encourage, develop and facilitate co­operation between India and Denmark in fields of common interest within Science, Technology and Innovation.
During the last two years this programme involved the common man; it has forced people from all corners of the country to think and ponder over this burning issue; and brought about a change in people’s thinking about our traditional beliefs and customs which have been prevalent for many years.
Prior to that, we evacuated several thousands of our citizens from conflict situations in Yemen in well-coordinated, smooth and swift operations.
Likewise, technology plays a very big role in education.
So how can we help the poor bring about change in their lives?
When we bring more FDI, we create more industries in India.
Riddhiraj Kumar met the Shri Narendra Modi along with his mother, here today.
So far, 65 countries have ratified the Second Commitment Period.
After writing off of the accumulated losses, the equity and paid up capital of HSCL will become Rs. 34.3 crore.
You will find that along with it your own inner sufferings will go on disappearing.
The Prime Minister also symbolically distributed certificates of appointment to constables of the Paharia Special India Reserve Battalion; and Smartphones to women entrepreneurs of Self-Help Groups.
As always, the unshakeable bond between your inner thoughts and those of mine gives me immense pleasure.
Encourage the space agencies and other space entities to enhance space cooperation under the Memorandum of Understanding, particularly in Earth observation, planetary exploration and satellite ground station activities, through inter alia an Indo-Swedish Space Seminar and a visit by an Indian delegation to Swedish space establishments.
Not able to find a way out, they perched themselves a top a mound inside the cave; not for a day or two, but an entire 18 days.
Even when the views are contradictory, talks are the only way forward and problems should be resolved through dialogue.
We condemn terrorism in all forms and manifestations, wherever committed and by whom so ever.
Our infrastructure and connectivity programmes like Sagarmala and Bharatmala offer entrepreneurs many business opportunities for investment.
In this context, he gave the example of Mary Kom, who is winning gold medals even as she is Member of Parliament.
Around 4.5 lakh people have now come forward and are trying to trade the right path after accepting their mistakes.
I am happy to inaugurate this 104th session of The Indian Science Congress in the panoramic campus of Sri Venkateswara University.
The memorial for Dr. Kalam showcases his life and times in a remarkable manner, the Prime Minister said.
The Rajasthan Refinery will be the State’s first.
We have to make efforts to attack this attitude.
The idea is very good but I will have to think.
Projects that will vitalize the economy of Mauritius and mark a qualitative transformation in our relations.
The Prime Minister later visited the Mahatma Gandhi Museum.
The capability, commitment & controlling situation through rapid decisions of the NDRF have made them a cynosure of every Indian’s eye, worthy of respect & admiration.
Shri S K Pattanayak, Secretary (Agriculture)
We are deeply honoured that you have accepted our invitation to be the Chief Guest at our Pravasi Bharatiya Divas, the Indian Diaspora Day celebrations, in Bengaluru.
Their presence with us is an unprecedented gesture of goodwill from ASEAN nations.
Central Government announced a series of benefits for the MSME sector last year.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) and Civil Service Council of Mongolia (CSCM).
Hence, I hope YOU too will seize the moment and be the winds of change that are transforming our nation.
I condole the loss of lives.
While this centre has been completed before time, the deadlines for several other schemes are being reduced.
Now, some people may wonder whether Honourable President should inaugurate a Radio Channel?
Each and everything about them is inspiring.
My dear countrymen, Kiran Sidar has written on MyGov that I should highlight the aspects of India’s space program and its future.
“B” for burying and
I am sure I will visit Jerusalem.
Nature has also changed the rules of the game.
In the last three years, this number has gone up to 4.80 crore.
The Notification is so designed that it balances the needs in such a way that both are fulfilled.
— the Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana for accident insurance –the Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana for life insurance and –the Atal Pension Yojana for an assured minimum pension?
I am happy that the farmers of my country heeded the needs of our poor people and cultivated various pulse crops on about 290 lakh hectare land.
He said that we must show the same collective determination and resolve to create a New India by 2022.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today celebrated Diwali with jawans of the Indian Army and ITBP, at Harsil in Uttarakhand.
Internalize India within yourselves.
Sound Byte: “Drawing inspiration from you, in our school, before the onset of monsoon we dug 250 small trenches which were 4 feet deep, along the side of the playground, so that rainwater could be collected in these.
Your vote will prove to be the bedrock of New India.
Mr. Lorenzo Angeloni, Ambassador of Italy to India
Together, these sixty seven fields are estimated to hold in-place Oil plus Oil equivalent Gas reserves of eighty nine Million Metric Tonnes.
These are the strength of our nation, they are my youth, they are the future of my country.
And I am pleased to exchange perspectives with you on the shared priority of achieving comprehensive sustainable development.
He invited everyone to come and explore the Himalayas.
The spirit of African humanism , UBUNTU , should reflect in your business ethos.
My Colleague Union Minister Dr. Harshvardhan ji,
This policy will enable the realization of prospective hydrocarbon reserves in the existing Contract Areas which otherwise would remain unexplored and unexploited.
The salient features of the Major Ports Authority Bill are as under:
I am here to do whatever I can for the growth of India.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy which is driving global growth as well.
The new IIMs, IITs and AIIMS are being established in the country.
Let me explain this with one example.
The merger of the Railway budget with the Union Budget is a major step.
The hospital will bring comprehensive yet affordable cancer care to patients in UP, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and, even, neighbouring countries like Nepal.
We also discussed developments in our region, including Afghanistan.
They were proud of the every step taken by you and they felt that our country was marching ahead when you people were taking your steps.
But then he suddenly said that he had one condition.
On the one hand, where they have mythological significance, on the other, every festival quite easily in itself teaches the important lesson of life – the value of staying together, imbued with a feeling of brotherhood.
TheBishnoi community in the desert land of Rajasthan has shown us a way of environment protection.
Lokmanya Tilak Ji had said “Swaraj is my birthright”.
I pray for a developed and strong Kerala.
He said the Union Government wants more and more people, and especially the youth, to learn about his vision and ideas.
Because, the economic and social well being of the people of Sri Lankais linked with that of 1.25 billion Indians.
The event marks the birth anniversary of Guru Gobind Singh ji.
He said that even in agriculture, there is need to develop a new “culture” through infusion of technology, to benefit farmers.
· BRICS Tourism Senior Officials meeting (Gauteng)
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and felicitated the medal winners of the 2018 Asian Para Games.
This will also help in prevention / detection of any potential misuse / fraud / abuse cases.
This means, it is only endeavour or Karma that leads you to attain Swarga, or heaven.
He urged CPWD to encourage all vendors to come aboard the Government e-Marketplace (GeM) platform.
Therefore, in order to accelerate the pace of investment in major infrastructure projects in the country without compromising the need for external assistance for other sectors, an enabling provision in the existing guidelines was considered necessary to facilitate direct borrowing by the State Government entities from bilateral external agencies.
Today, every Indian, living in any nook and corner of the world, takes pride in the fact that India has become the sixth largest economy of the world.
Today I want to make a special request to all of you.
The decision of neem-coated urea has helped the farmers of India:
These projects include the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor, and the Char Dham Mahamarg Vikas Pariyojna.
The great sage Tiruvalluvar said “When the rare chance comes, seize it to do the rare deed.”
The participating institutions from the BRICS nations will be benefitted by this MoU.
Therefore in addition to PDPS.
The magnificent structure of Angkor Wat temple is a glorious testimony and grand symbol of our ancient historical, religious and cultural links.
We are reaching out to twelve crore small and marginal farmers by providing them a comfort of rupees six thousand every year.
The delegation agreed that the fight against corruption will benefit the poor people including the Minorities the most.
He interacted with Tribal Chiefs and eminent sportspersons from the islands.
The true realisation of the strength of a society also takes place during festivals.
Without human dignity, no country can move forward in a balanced way.
Our 125 crore countrymen, if they wish to do so, they need not wait for a year; they can do it in six months.
Today when I refer to Babasaheb, when I talk about Ramanujacharya, I’m also reminded of the great 12th century saint & social reformer from Karnataka Jagat Guru Basaveshwar.
Under the leadership of respected Bapu, lakhs of people sacrificed their lives and spent their youth in prisons to win freedom for our country.
He said the speed of infrastructure development has significantly increased.
Obviously, a lot of effort will converge to make this a popular activity.
The Prime Minister spoke of initiatives such as Jandhan Yojana and Ujjwala Yojana, taken by the Government for empowering the poor.
It is good as it shows that they want to analyse everything from its very root.
There were efforts to mislead and even intimidate people but they supported the battle against corruption and black money, the Prime Minister asserted.
India believes in growth but is also committed to protecting the environment.
Giving examples from some States, he said each district in India should have its own “Agri-Identity.”
It represents the collective aspirations of the people of the Republic of Maldives for democracy, rule of law and a prosperous future.
If you go to Aligarh, do visit the railway station.
Prime Minister will then proceed to Tiruppur in Tamil Nadu.
3 Crore 40 lakhs Children and 90 lakh Pregnant Women have been immunized so far.
Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Manikya Bahadur is widely regarded as the creator of modern Tripura.
In the sense that every Prime Minister, especially someone who is as forthright as you, looks at the next big challenge.
He unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
(vi) After commencement of the Act, for PPP projects, the concessionaire shall be free to fix the tariff based on market conditions.
He also gave a broad overview of the economic reforms undertaken in India, including GST.
The United Nations could think of a common logo and branding under which all those who are helping with relief, rehabilitation and reconstruction operate.
In order to uproot social ills in the state, the world’s longest human chain spanning over thirteen thousand kilometers was formed.
Honourable President, Respected Vice President, Madam Speaker of Lok Sabha, our Former Prime Minister Shri Devegowdaji, Members of the Council of Ministers, all the other members of the House, and the esteemed conglomerate gathered here representing diverse sectors.
The Prime Minister said corruption has troubled India for long, and his Government is determined to eliminate it.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the auspicious occasion of Buddha Purnima.
(v) The Board of each Major Port shall be entitled to create specific master plan in respect of any development or infrastructure established or proposed to be established within the port limits and the land appurtenant thereto and such master plan shall be independent of any local or State Government regulations of any authority whatsoever.
Speaking about the projects unveiled today, PM said this is an effort towards making Varanasi an important centre of New India.
He will also dedicate to Nation the West- North Inter-Region Power Transmission Strengthening Project to ensure uninterrupted power supply to Western Uttar Pradesh.
Their unwavering courage and patriotism ensured our country is safe.
Project will also provide the mobile services to help the residents in unconnected inhabited villages which would improve the economic activities in the region.
He added that the Government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
It may give you instant relief, but my dear countrymen, this random pill popping habit can land you in deep trouble.
Ours is not an exclusive approach.
Out of this, over 55% is exported to over 200 countries/economies of the world including the developed countries.
You have had an uncompromising approach towards Pakistan.
I request you that out of the entire gamut of your thoughts reflected during the programme ‘Mann Ki Baat’ throughout the year, if you could share ten of your best thoughts, so that we all remember these opinions and we get to learn something from them.
We have also made progress in opening new areas of cooperation during this visit in drug regulation, agricultural research and on cyber security issues.
Same set of people used to state that they are not feeling it.
They pledged to pursue new opportunities to bolster economic growth and sustainable development, promote peace and security at home and around the world, strengthen inclusive, democratic governance and respect for universal human rights, and provide global leadership on issues of shared interest.
Some of the festivals we celebrate today are harvest festivals.
The engagement of the Indian Expert under the TiWB programme will give impetus to India’s support in capacity building in tax matters in developing countries.
“As our women’s cricket team plays the World Cup finals today, I join the 125 crore Indians in wishing them the very best.
The Prime Minister appreciated the presentations made by the young officers.
At the outset, I wish to convey our deepest condolences and sympathies for the victims of the devastating forest fires in Portugal last week.
The Prime Minister said that Singapore has lost one of its great sons.
Highlighting the progress in road connectivity, the PM Modi said that compared to the previous Government, the pace of construction in national highways, rural roads has almost doubled.
Will save public funds, which are currently being used for loss making BSCL, and can be used for other developmental work
The objectives of the VISION are broadly: (a) providing basic amenities to all citizens in an equitable and just manner for ensuring a life with self-respect and dignity, and (b) providing appropriate opportunities to every citizen to realize his/her potential.
I had the privilege of meeting Ahmed Kathrada earlier today.
During the Prime Minister’s visit to Jammu and Kashmir on 23.10.2014, the issue of financial assistance to the people killed in cross border firing was raised.
In the same way, you can easily learn the Sanskrit language sitting at home through samskritabharati.in.
People thought that this was the end of Modi.
Like leap years and Football world cups come once in four years, incomplete loan waivers of the Congress come just before an election.
The everyday news was about whether there would be any electricity production after seven days, whether coal would be supplied or not.
Hundreds of Dutch companies have been working in India for many years.
He said the honest taxpayer was paying for these delays.
Existing budget that was approved earlier by the Cabinet for The National Health Agency, including costs related to IT, human resources, infrastructure, operational costs etc. would be utilized by the proposed National Health Authority.
They can use technology – videos, posts, blogs, scripts, novel ideas – to put forward all these.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) of Cooperation between Technology Development Board (TDB), Department of Science & Technology, Govt. of India and Bpifrance, a Public Investment Bank, France.
Both leaders reaffirmed their resolve to counter terrorism and strengthen security and defence cooperation as envisaged in the India-Afghanistan Strategic Partnership Agreement.
Those who love sports play for passion, not for monetary rewards, the Prime Minister said.
A few days ago, under the ‘Clean Ganga Campaign’, a group from the BSF Scaled the Everest and while returning, removed loads of trash littered there and brought it down.
Wherever possible, my colleagues in the Council of Ministers are also personally visiting affected areas.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with sixteen Governors of various provinces of Russia.
It further aims at bringing reforms in the medical education of Homoeopathy in lines with the National Medical Commission proposed for setting up for Allopathy system of medicine.
We are trying to empower our people to realise this potential through our campaigns like Digital India and Skill India.
In the aviation sector, the Prime Minister reviewed progress made in key policy areas such as safety and connectivity.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural co-operation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi.
Now, the consumer knows how much tax he has paid to the state government and how much to the central government.
In FDI Foreign Direct Investment, we are one of the most open countries now.
A sportsperson, who makes it to this stage, does so after putting in a lot of hard work.
31. Nature of job is changing with changing demand and changing technology.
The North East States must avail facilities and get these BPOs operationalized in their respective States.
They use fake letter pads while sending these letters.
e. Any other area jointly identified by the participants.
They will not be spared.
Hence, there is a need for better coordination and cooperation among the armed forces.
I salute this wonderful mother and I also salute crores of similar mothers in India who keep doing something or the other all the time for the benefit of others despite facing many difficulties themselves.
Ministry of Railways have signed MoUs/ MoCs for technical cooperation in the rail sector with various foreign Governments and National Railways.
Close collaboration with the Indian Railways will ensure that the stakeholders have access to Railways’ facilities, which will work as ‘live labs’ and they will be able to work on solving real life problems.
It, therefore, saddens us to see that your proud nation continues to be challenged by externally sponsored instruments and entities of violence and terror.
Ministry of Finance (the issuer) has been delegated this power to amend / add to the features of the Scheme with approval of the Finance Minister to reduce the time lag between finalizing the attributes of a particular tranche and its notification.
The Prime Minister said he saw a new energy and enthusiasm in Dwarka today.
Of late, News of abundant rainfall has been steadily coming in.
And this scheme is valid till the 14th of October.
In addition to providing better connectivity to the region, the airport will also unravel the tourism potential of the state.
The Prime Minister said that India believes in an open economy.
That is why, he added, that important places related to Dr. Ambedkar’s life have been developed as centres of pilgrimage.
Brothers and Sisters, Mahatma Gandhi’s 150th Birth Anniversary falls next year.
The manufacturers/ service providers who meet the local content targets and whose quoted price is within 10% of the lowest valid price bid would be eligible for purchase preference for a stipulated portion of the purchase order on matching such price.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following proposals with regard to the Fund of Funds of Start-ups (FFS) which was established in June, last year with a corpus of Rs. 1,000 crores.
For India, the moral principles of independence movement, or the peaceful means to pursue it, were not just confined to the boundaries of India or to the future of Indians.
In the battlefield of Kurukshetra too, Bhagwan Shri Krishna talks of trees.
Next year more than 50 projects will be completed.
I am grateful to Prime Minister Costa for receiving me with such warmth and affection, and at such short notice.
The passenger capacity in the aviation sector has reached 282 million passengers per annum.
He recalled his last visit to Mirzapur, with French President Macron, for the inauguration of the solar plant.
32. The Qatari side appreciated the initiative taken by Prime Minister Modi leading to the formation of International Solar Alliance.
We exchanged views on developments in West Asia and the Gulf, where both countries have a shared interest in peace and stability.
The small entrepreneurs must not suffer because of the fault of others.
At Gorakhpur, Prime Minister will launch the PM-KISAN scheme.
He said the new civil aviation policy marks an opportunity to cater to the aspirations of the people of India.
Its Headquarters is located at Dhaka.
If changes are needed in regulations, I ask you to come up, with specific and practical suggestions.
The Stor palace has been the setting for many momentous historical events.
Sikkim, in north-eastern India, has become India’s first fully organic state.
If anybody thinks that not going to a place will prolong their CM tenure and visiting a place will curtail it, such a person does not deserve to be a Chief Minister, the Prime Minister asserted.
“Greetings to people across India on the various festivals.
PM KISAN is a revolutionary scheme which aims to transform the lives of small and marginal farmers in India, by providing them assured monetary support in three instalments every year.
You may see people twist and turn their bodies in many sorts of fashion.
The Government has earmarked a sum of Rs. 18,276 Crore for this purpose.
State Governments and UT Administrations will be advised to constitute a Committee to examine the cases.
One of the reasons for our optimism is that all the states have cooperated in a positive manner.
Czech Republic has cutting edge manufacturing technologies in heavy machinery and precision engineering.
We have imparted our shared impatience to the implemntation of our earlier decisions.
The MoU was signed on 16th May, 2017.
We used to play this game in our state as well!”
I spoke to his wife, Dr. Tejaswini Ji and expressed condolences on the passing away of Shri Ananth Kumar Ji.
Connecting with nature means nurturing a better planet.
b) For new approvals, the incentive under the scheme will be available from the date of approval of a project and not from the date of receipt of application.
The small and medium industries across the country have been a major source of employment generation.
The Central Government will bear the additional burden of the States on account of revision of pay scales.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Mumbai Urban Transport Project Phase-III.
The ‘Make in India’ effort of Indian Railways has culminated into India’s first Semi High Speed Train, “Vande Bharat Express”.
Among the projects inaugurated are the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Puraani Kashi; and an Atal Incubation Centre at BHU.
He appreciated their penance and sacrifice, amid harsh conditions.
They again tried to spread pessimism thinking, nothing can be done.
Families of the victims would be eligible to get assistance under the scheme even if they have received any other assistance, by way of payment of ex-gratia or any other type of relief from the Government or any other source except when a similar scheme is already being implemented by the Central Government.
Government is also providing specific incentive through the scheme to generate employment.
The fiscal incentives are extended in form of partial waiver of applicable Cess/Royalty on incremental production resulting from the adoption of ER methods on designated wells.
The Madhya Pradesh Government will not utilise this land for any purpose other than for construction of its State Guest House.
Union Minister for Science & Technology, and Earth Sciences, Dr. Harsh Vardhan
He said it is a unique model, where the people matter.
A very important event took place recently.
Major powers, regional countries and concerned nations from around the world have cooperated through multiple programmes of political, social, military, economic, and developmental support.
Everyone has experienced this as a most unique part of his personality.
Gaganyaan Programme will establish a broader framework for collaboration between ISRO, academia, industry, national agencies and other scientific organizations.
We take pride in the fact that the satellites developed by our students and Sounding Rockets have reached space.
The Prime Minister exhorted PSEs to help in making the New India, through changes in technology and processes.
Swami Vivekananda did not believe in sermonising, the Prime Minister said.
The 125 crore people of India are my family
National Rural Drinking Water Mission
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has invited views from the people, on the recent decision taken by the Union Government regarding currency notes of Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000.
He was appointed as a Permanent Judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28th February, 2001.
I can therefore safely say that doing business with us is a great opportunity.
I see 800 million potential entrepreneurs who can work towards making the world a better place.
Anti-Drug Working Group Meeting (8 July 2016, New Delhi) 17.
Prevailing wisdom tells us that this century belongs to Asia.
Further, as a boost to the Social Security initiatives for senior citizens, the investment limit of Rs 7.5 lakh per family in the existing scheme is enhanced to Rs 15 lakh per senior citizen in the modified PMVVY, thereby providing a larger social security cover to the Senior citizens.
They underlined the importance of regular exchange of visits, including at the levels of ministers and senior officials.
The people became used to it.
Further the practice of manual scavenging is still prevalent in the country and its eradication continues to be an area of the highest priority for the Government.
The leaders announced the finalization of the text of an Information Exchange Annex under the Joint Working Group on Aircraft Carrier Technology Cooperation.
He enthralled the crowd with his Bhojpuri dialect and announced that Mauritius will organise the first International Bhojpuri festival.
Cashless transactions also came up for discussion.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released the fourth volume of Selected Speeches of President Pranab Mukherjee.
DBT will ensure transparency in the entire process and will save time for the farmers.
In Jharkhand, the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of various projects of the Government of India and Government of Jharkhand, at an event in Sindri.
In a world marked by reducing growth rates and economic slowdown, India has registered a healthy growth rate of 7.6% this year.
The equity will be infused in two tranches of Rs. 4,500 crore in FY 2018-19 and Rs.1,500 crore in FY 2019-20 respectively.
Today, I want to request the people of the country from this holy land of Rameshwaram.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that India is fully committed to supporting Nepal in the post-earthquake reconstruction effort.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his condolences to the people of Israel, on the demise of former Israel President Mr. Shimon Peres.
I particularly thank the initial partner countries of the Vibrant Gujarat event: Japan and Canada.
The Operations & Maintenance expenses on new AIIMS are also fully borne by the Central Government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Former Delhi Chief Minister Shri Madan Lal Khurana.
He said India is developing with a new self-confidence of “Poverty to Power.”
I was delighted when GE became one of the first companies to make a major investment in the newly liberalized railway sector.
Somnath has more than 2 million followers on social media.
The two countries encouragedpromotion of direct shipping links, private sector investment in port and air-port development projects, including through Public-Private Partnerships or other concession schemes.
India cannot become a developed country without world class securities and commodity markets.
I have regularly engaged with global CEOs from the oil and gas sector.
It is the responsibility of those present in the Parliament and those outside.
One generation still feels that it is best to keep away from the government.
Today, she presented one Pashmina shawl to the Prime Minister, during the interaction.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on Cooperation in the sphere of Civil Aviation between India and Spain.
In a way it is indeed a great opportunity for me to learn and share with you today.
People in India have waited too long for access to modern amenities and means of development.
At the inauguration of the Health and Wellness Centre, he will interact with ASHA workers.
Ours is a society that holds teachers in very high esteem.
Thank you very much
He said that a national strategy for creating a robust infrastructure for research in Artificial Intelligence has been prepared a few months ago.
Mentioning India’s achievements in various sectors of Energy, Digital Technology, Space, Manufacturing, PM said, “The world is discussing global warming and India made an effort in the form of the International Solar Alliance to mitigate this menace”.
Many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Now even the poor households cook their food on gas ovens.
India and Israel could cooperate even more closely and complement each other’s efforts to fight with the menace of terrorism.”
Prime Minister Oli stated that his government attaches high importance to further strengthening friendly relations with India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will be on a two-day visit to Gujarat from today.
Gujarat is emerging as an LNG hub of India, the Prime Minister said, adding that this should make every Gujarati proud.
He expressed hope that community will continue their great work of spreading the strength of India’s culture throughout the world.
Now the government is working at a very fast pace to connect hundred per cent villages to road network.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Rajasva Gyan Sangam at New Delhi, and addressed the tax administrators of both the Union and State Governments.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the day marks a decisive turning point, in determining the future course of the country.
Madam I am grateful to you for calling me with this touching message.
We have succeeded in containing the fiscal and current account deficits, and curbing inflation.
It’s a kind of severe and dedicated ‘tapasya’.
This will be the first Research Centre by IRRI outside its headquarters in the Philippines.
We have fulfilled our promise of one rank one pension.
Your Excellency Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong
• The objective of the project is to build the most accessible, affordable and trusted bank for the common man; spearhead the financial inclusion agenda by removing the barriers for the unbanked and reduce the opportunity cost for the under banked populace through assisted doorstep banking.
His pioneering and relentless emphasis on social reform greatly helped the marginalised.
However, today the world opinion about India has changed and they talk about our focus on reform, perform and transform.
The significance of Summer Internship is soaring; as it is, an altogether new experience in itself.
I reviewed the situation with the NSA and Home Secretary.
It is expected that the increase in MSP will be translated to farmer’s income by way of robust procurement mechanism in coordination with the State Governments.
He urged State Governments to send the lists of beneficiary farmers to the Union Government at the earliest, so that farmers can receive the benefit of this scheme in time.
It is no accident that Indians are now at the forefront of Information Technology and Finance, both areas of knowledge where zero plays a crucial role!
The State has to contribute its matching share of grants within defined time frame.
57. We recognise the critical and positive role the internet plays globally in promoting economic, social and cultural development.
Projects like the fertiliser plant here are central to India’s growth story, the Prime Minister said, adding that this plant will use latest technology as well.
Yoga makes the individual a better person in thought, action, knowledge and devotion.
You are quite right that 2017 is near completion, and the year 2018 is knocking on the door.
Health and Wellness Centers is one of the vital components of Ayushman Bharat in ensuring Universal Health Coverage.
Today is the holy day of Ram Navami.
*Unveiling of SAUNI projects
He said that it was only after 9/11 that the world understood the true horrors of terrorism, and the fact that it has no boundaries.
It offers exciting opportunities in defence trade.
3- Strategic Framework of BRICS Customs Cooperation
So that there is no politics in the name of religion
Based on scientific excellence on both sides, the parties have agreed to have a specific focus upon:
This would facilitate phasing out of obsolete electronic voting machines procured during 2000-2005.
The Nordic countries and India reaffirmed the need for reform of the UNSecurity Council, including its expansion in both permanent and non-permanent seats to make it more representative, accountable, effective and responsive to the realities of the 21st century.
The leaders directed their respective officials to also explore the feasibility of construction of a rail link between Tamu and Mandalay in Myanmar.
I am happy to be here in energy filled surroundings.
And on the other hand, exactly one hundred years ago on the 10th of April, 1917, Mahatma Gandhi had launched the Champaran Satyagraha.
He spoke of the development work being done for the Campbell Bay Jetty, and the Mus Jetty.
The 2nd programme at Sabarmati Ashram is a programme to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Shrimad Rajchandraji, a Guru to Mahatma Gandhi.
• A commitment to promote cooperation between and among the private sector and government authorities on cybercrime and cybersecurity;
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
Most of these are inspiring to me.
There would be sufficient water in our water-wells.
PM also flagged off Nandurbar-Udhana MEMU train and Udhana-Paladi MEMU train.
Subjects such as the need for a unified energy policy, contract frameworks and arrangements, requirement of seismic data sets, encouragement for biofuels, improving gas supply, setting up of a gas hub, and regulatory issues came up for discussion.
BRICS Business Forum (13 October 2016, New Delhi)
The time has now come that all political leaders and parties respect the feelings of the nation’s honest citizens, and understand the anger of the people.
We have laid emphasis on infrastructure.
The population of Noida as per 2011 Census of India is about 6.42 lakhs.
Made in Chennai, this train is going to have its maiden run between New Delhi and Varanasi today.
There was also loss of life and property.
It offers several valuable by-products, such as bee wax.
• incentivizing Anganwadi Workers (AWWs) for using IT based tools
The Prime Minister said that he looks forward to receiving President Macron in India at his earliest convenience.
India has also found that technology and digital resources are powerful tools in fighting poverty and corruption.
Chaudhary Sahab served the nation with utmost dedication.
Please develop a habit of this thing.
Indo-Dutch economic engagement is a win-win proposition.
The farmers will get an assurance.
The potential is immense and together we seek to harness it.
And, the foreign direct investment from Portugal to India, though small, has doubled during 2016-17.
In honour of SardarVallabhbhai Patel who bonded the entire country around a common thread of unity, India witnessed the coming up of the tallest statue in the world, ‘Statue of Unity’.
· Civil BRICS – 25 to 27 June (Parktown, Johannesburg)
We have helped the neighbouring countries by successfully launching SAARC Satellite.
Speaking on the occasion, Prime Minister Modi said that Israel has shown the way on how to transform a nation with the agriculture sector at the core.
Highlighting Government’s efforts to help those engaged in Animal Husbandry, he said credit of Rs. 3 lakh under Kisan Credit Card has been extended to them.
· Meeting of Customs Experts – 16 to 17 April (Durban)
While reducing the cost of power through efficiency, they will spur renewable power for a cleaner environment and protect India’s energy security.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation for our first-ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has accepted the major recommendations of the Sub-Group of Chief Minsters on Rationalization of Centrally Sponsored Schemes (CSSs).
India has the fourth largest refining capacity in the world.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we grew at 7.7 per cent.
The Indian Side invited Russian companies to participate in the development of industrial corridors in India, including in areas of road and rail infrastructure, smart cities, construction of wagons and creation of a joint transportation logistics company.
Institutions also extended their contribution enthusiastically.
The Prime Minister explained in detail about the benefits of PM-SYM.
The Prime Minister gave a series of comparisons.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Weightlifter K Sanjita Chanu on winning the Gold Medal at Commonwealth Games.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that he feels the love and affection of the people of Kathmandu, each time he comes here.
The original project cost was Rs. 6080 crore.
The Prime Minister asserted that the initiatives and decisions taken by the Union Government indicate its commitment to the welfare of the poor and weaker sections of society.
This would be an occasion to celebrate the huge improvements we have made in tsunami early warning.
Bank accounts of more than 30 crore poor people have been opened under the Jan-Dhan scheme.
To facilitate investment of Japanese companies in food value chain in State of Maharashtra
The MoU intends to promote cooperation between CERT-In and BGD e-Gov CIRT and includes exchange of information on Cyber attacks and cyber security incidents; Cyber security technology cooperation; exchange cyber security policies and best practices and Human Resource Development in this field in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of each country and on the basis of equality, reciprocity and mutual benefits.
Now there is no one to protect them.
Parameters such as “Dissolved Oxygen” and “Biochemical Oxygen Demand” have been studied as part of this assessment.
And we deeply appreciate this gesture by Prime Minister Netanyahu.
In the field of defence also, India has successfully test fired the Ballistic Interceptor Missile.
The Prime Minister spoke at length of the tourism potential of the State.
We are striving to make it possible for knee operations as well.
But these are the movements spread beyond time frames where spiritual activities go on simultaneously amid the passage of generations without confrontation and segmentation.
You can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this October to March.
IECC project envisages construction of a world class state-of-the-art Exhibition-cum-Convention Centre with a seating capacity for 7,000 pax, exhibition, space of over 1,00,000sq.mtr. and a basement parking for 4,800 vehicles.
You need have no worry on this point.
I congratulate all those actively involved in preserving & conserving this glorious heritage, helping it to reach out to the masses.
It was the month of May; and I was travelling to a certain place.
21. The two sides also reiterated their full support to the UN facilitated Libyan-led and Libyan-owned political process to forge a lasting solution to the political crisis in Libya.
This has eliminated leakages and misuse of cooking gas subsidies, resulting in large fiscal saving.
Most of the taxpayers in India would be benefitted by this decision.
The research proposal was titled “The Growth and Development of Burmese and Indian Intellectual Traditions Under Colonialism: A Comparative Study.”
I share with you the strong intent to take our bilateral engagement to a new level.
We have pledged to build will a new India by the time Independent India turns 75 years.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need to develop India’s tourism potential.
The outcomes of our efforts are visible in India’s global rankings on various indicators.
Prime Minister also mentioned his discussion with Prime Minister of Singapore, on holding a Smart India Hackathon like challenge between innovators from Singapore and India.
He said several important reform related decisions have been taken and this process will continue.
Let us all join together to beat plastic pollution and make this planet a better place to live.
For example, when I called upon the countrymen to give up gas subsidy, the nation responded as a whole.
I congratulate all radio lovers and those who work in the radio industry and keep the medium active and vibrant.
Who can forget the sacrifice of sixteen year old Valliamma, the fearless Thambi Naidoo and the selfless Mohammed Cachalia?
The Prime Minister said Buddhism took the sea route from India to Vietnam, and therefore Vietnam has received the purest form of Buddhism.
An Expert Group has since been studying the viability of such an agency.
No, I won’t do that, but we will talk about it even though there is criticism, and then gradually, the change will happen.
I had invited everyone to join ‘Fit India’, lead ‘Fit India’.
We may have some differences on some issues but when it comes to the integrity and sovereignty of the country, we all stand united.
In this way, the country is moving forward and people are joining the movement.
When you go to your village you will also feel the influence of another scheme.
I also thank the people who are watching this programme through the video link and also to those chartered accountants of our country who are watching this programme in other countries.
· BRICS STI Advisory Councils Roundtable (Pretoria)
The Composition and Terms of Reference of the Committee will be issued separately by the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The Kumbh Mela can become the centre of tourist attraction as well.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has expressed his anguish over the situation arising due to floods in various parts of the Northeast.
He said this could help in proper location of examination centres, to minimize difficulties in access for the students.
He will lay the Foundation Stones for a greenfield airport at Rajkot; six-laning of Ahmedabad-Rajkot National Highway; and four-laning of Rajkot-Morbi State Highway.
Name of the MoU/Agreement/Treaty
During the three years of this government, this figure has gone up to Rs. 2.64 lakh crore.
On the website of the Mission,
These Barristers, in large numbers, took the cudgel of freedom struggle.
Saint community and Mutts are giving huge contribution in meeting these challenges.
(II) MoU on cooperation in the field of Tourism.
From its beginnings in 2003, Vibrant Gujarat has now become a global networking platform, for all States of India, to participate, and promote investment.
Prime Minister of Mauritius Mr. Pravind Jugnauth will be the chief guest of the PBD convention.
Friends, elections are the biggest celebration of democracy.
My greetings to people across India on all these festivals.
He will also present the Vaishakh Sammaan Prashasti Patra to the Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies, Sarnath; and the All India Bhikshu Sangha, Bodh Gaya.
My dear countrymen, October is about to end.
The 1942 movement prepared the ground work for our independence.
They have been elevated to that class of people that have bank accounts and debit cards.
A Central Consumer Protection Authority with executive powers will be constituted for quick remedial action.
Maritime links established thousands of years ago between India and ASEAN countries have enabled our trade relations in the past and we have to work closely to further strengthen them.
He thanked the Government of Sweden, in particular His Majesty the King of Sweden; and the Prime Minister of Sweden, Mr. Stefan Lofven who was present at the event, for the warm welcome he received in Sweden.
Total project cost for the up-gradation of three Medical Colleges with Super speciality blocs is Rs.450 crores Each of the three project costs Rs.150 Crore out of which the Central share is Rs.125 crore and State share is Rs.25 crore..
They shared their views with the gathering.
He laid the Foundation Stone for an additional six Rural Water Supply Schemes in these two districts along with Foundation Stone for water supply schemes in areas inhabited by Particularly Vulnerable Tribal Groups.
Developed countries have already started implementing their commitments under the ‘opt-in’ provisions of the Doha Amendment.
As we have shown, it will be sustained and regular.
You were laughing and cracking jokes while you delivered the speech which was very unique.
You are that indispensable backbone of the thriving Sri Lankan tea industry that justly prides itself on its success and global reach today.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the projects being unveiled at various events today, would go a long way in making Poorvanchal a medical hub, and a centre for research in agriculture.
Shri Narendra Modi said it is gladdening to see youngsters from rural India and smaller cities excelling as sportspersons.
For greater cooperation and exchange of information in Maritime domain awareness between the Indian Navy and Japan Maritime Self Defence Force
The potential is increasing day by day.
Skill Development Institute at Ettumanoor backed by the Ministry of Petrochemical & Natural Gas will provide vocational training and enhance employability and entrepreneurship for deserving youth both in oil & gas and other industries.
It would not be wrong to say that he has illustrated to the entire world the real meaning of dignity of labour.
The senior generation among the gathering here, would recall the bulky mainframe computer systems of the seventies and eighties.
India is getting increasingly aspirational
He complimented the people of Kashi for extending a warm welcome to French President Emmanuel Macron.
He said that the Government’s approach is to reform existing frameworks and structures, and hence, transform them in accordance with the changing times.
The 31st of October also is the death anniversary of our former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
My dear countrymen, definitions of being modern are perpetually changing.
He urged all Chief Secretaries to explore its use to the extent possible, to minimize leakages and delays.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of an Agreement and the Protocol between the India and Cyprus for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income.
ii) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control;
In a video message to the second edition of Samvad, the Prime Minister said that societies across the world are facing several questions today, such as:
Another video of his has gained popularity; in this he’s trying his hand on the volleyball with others.
It is a matter of pride and honour that with its indigenously built 126 ships and 62 aircrafts, it has carved a coveted place for itself amongst the 4 biggest Coast Guards of the world.
Bio Aviation Turbine Fuel has already been tried out in our civil aviation sector.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Capt. Amarinder Singh on taking oath as Chief Minister of Punjab.
RasilabenSevantilal Shah Venus Hospital and visit the facilities there.
“I will visit Xiamen, China for the 9th BRICS Summit from 3-5 September 2017.
The government, their parents, family members, media, citizens of that country, each one of them displayed an awe-inspiring sense of peace and patience.
Deepening of cooperation in areas such as infrastructure, trade and investment and people-to-people relations was discussed.
Government received an overwhelming response in first Eol cycle of OALP which started on 1st July, 2017 and closed on 15thNovember, 2017.
lmplementation Strategy and Targets:
India and Kenya are blessed by sufficient solar radiation.
With the Jan Dhan Yojana, within a matter of months, the lives of millions of Indians were transformed.
She received training for 11 months putting in great efforts and she put her life at stake to fulfill her husband’s dreams.
The MoUs facilitate exchange of technical experts, reports and technical documents, training and seminars/workshops focusing on specific technology areas and other interactions for knowledge sharing.
If they are talking to any friend of theirs, please don’t stop them.
14. The Jan Dhan Yojana has also transformed the ability of the poor to make and to receive electronic payments.
We welcome the G20 Argentine Presidency’s theme of Building Consensus for Fair and Sustainable Development and its focus on the Future of Work, Infrastructure for Development and Food Security for Sustainable Future.
He said “ease of doing business” should be accorded top priority, and would greatly help States in attracting investment.
The emphasis on skill development has received a significant push due to the Atal Tinkering Labs.
The Prime Minister announced an award in the name of Netaji Subash Chandra Bose, to honour the police and paramilitary personnel, involved in disaster response operations.
The MoU will encourage cooperation between India and Australia, through joint initiatives in the disability sector.
It neither had the mandate to take cognizance of various threats to river Ganga nor the powers to issue directions to the concerned authorities/polluters.
Shri Deepak Bagla, Managing Director & CEO, Invest India
Udupi was honoured for cleanliness twice in 1984 and 1989.
It is one of the key elements of India’s rising soft power status, globally, he added.
The amendment Bill provides for inclusion of Indian Institute of Information Technology Design and Manufacturing (IIITDM), Kurnool along with the other IIITs in the Principal Act.
At the India Africa Forum Summit held in New Delhi last year, we under-took to educate and train 50,000 Africans in India over the next five years.
These include Government buildings, solar PV systems, Jan Aushadhi Kendras and a Passport Seva Kendra.
We plan to link our villages through broadband connectivity, within a clear timeframe.
It means Yoga unites individuals, families, societies, countries and the world and it unites the entire humanity.
My dear countrymen, we will have to accept the fact that history begets history and when there is a reference to history, it is but natural to recall our great men.
In a short period, AIIB has approved 25 projects in a dozen countries with a total financing of over 4 billion US Dollars.
The guidelines provide for advance preparatory action to be taken by administrative Ministry/ Department and CPSEs, preparation of closure proposal, settlement of statutory and other liabilities of the CPSE under closure and modalities for disposal of movable and immovable assets of such CPSEs in a time bound manner.
Nobody can forget the grand history of the holy Simaria Bank located on the banks of mother Ganga at the confluence of three great ancient states – Ang, Magadh and Mithila.
Like Yoga connects body, mind, heart and soul: similarly it is connecting the world now.
And if we impart knowledge about nature to our children then in future they may prove very useful in protecting the environment.
· 49% of the total foreign investment in the renewable energy sector has come in during the three years of this government.
It will have a capacity to skill around 1000 youth per year in 20 different skills.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the transfer of 56 kanals and 19 marlas (7.118 acres) of Defence land on lease on long term basis for 30 years renewable for two like terms of 30 years each to Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) for construction of Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 2 at Udhampur, Jammu & Kashmir at a nominal rent of one rupee per annum.
Your Excellencies
We are still left with about three weeks for the International Yoga Day.
He ran a LANGAR which sowed the seeds of the spirit of service amongst fellow beings.
Our partnership with ASEAN seeks to craft a response that relies on coordination, cooperation and sharing of experiences at multiple levels.
We are also investing heavily in our social, industrial and agri-infrastructure to give better income and quality of life to our people.
I have spoken to officials and asked them to ensure all possible help to those affected due to the stampede in Varanasi”, the Prime Minister said.
This was a war in which India was not directly involved yet our soldiers fought world over, just for the cause of peace.
Together, we will continue efforts to combat international terrorism, which poses a great threat to maintenance of peace and security.
And that is why, this is such a landmark decision, and this will benefit 18 lakh women working in the formal sector.
He said that if that becomes the aim, then expectations become unrealistic.
In the aftermath of a disaster, disaster responders pour in from all over the world.
And, it continues to mould Kenya’s coming generations too.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Delhi Metro’s Phase -4 project comprising of 3 – priority corridors.
Let us enter into the New Year with such little achievements, begin our New Year and take concrete steps in the journey from ‘Positive India’ to ‘Progressive India’.
The people with whom PM will interact include school-children, jawans, spiritual leaders, members of milk and agricultural cooperatives, media persons, local government representatives, railway employees, Self Help Groups, and Swachhagrahis, among others.
I also met his family members.
Mascot of the Vibrant Gujarat Ahmedabad Shopping Festival will be unveiled by the PM on this occasion.
An MoU between India and Tajikistan to promote cooperation on Youth matters between the two countries was signed on 8/10/2018 at Dushanbe.
We took a number of forward-looking decisions to further strengthen our partnership, including the decision to soon hold the next round of negotiations on our Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement.
Mts, with more than 25 industrial and business sectors showcasing their ideas, products and designs under one umbrella here.
He said various government schemes for the benefit of the poor, are better implemented in areas where good governance exists.
It takes care of Indian Customs’ concerns and requirements, particularly in the area of exchange of information on correctness of the Customs value declared, the authenticity of certificates of origin of goods and the description of the goods traded between the two countries.
They can also be instrument of change on this continent.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met a group of ten tribal students from Maharashtra.
India’s engagement with Africa will continue to be guided by 10 principles.
FIFA Under -17 World Cup had created a record in terms of the number of viewers on the ground.
He said that women are enterprising, have enormous inner strength for self-reliance during odd circumstances, and they need only opportunities to perform.
1. In the current state of healthcare system, there exist many allied and healthcare professionals, who remain unidentified, unregulated and underutilised.
Andhra Pradesh, too has decided to increase its green cover by 50% by the year 2029.
Women Swachhagrahis from Dantewada in Chhattisgarh and Salem in Tamil Nadu explained to the Prime Minister, their efforts towards Swachhata.
In recent years, India’s engagement with the outside world has become truly and effectively multi-dimensional covering the political, economic, people to people, security and other spheres.
And a golden future awaits you for doing well.
Rameshwar’s land is also associated with Lord Ramchandra ji.
It instills discipline and ethos of hard-work.
My dear countrymen, I have received a message from Shilpi Varma, to whom I am grateful.
The Indian side was briefed on the Kingdom’s initiative in bringing together Islamic Alliance against terrorism.
During the informal interaction with Shri Narendra Modi, many of the beneficiaries explained how their lives had improved through the use of the Mudra loans sanctioned to them.
Even today, I bow down to Shri Babu who made Begusarai the industrial capital of Bihar by establishing Refinery, Fertilizer, Thermal Power Plant and Barauni Dairy.
The MoU also includes further collaboration on the definition, learning, and evaluation of the professional qualities and skills and competencies of entry-level Chartered Accountants.
Reiterating his strong stance against corruption, PM said that his Government is committed to eliminating middlemen and corruption.
I, and my government work with the motto of ‘Together with all, development for all.’
Those people who are from the economic field even they won’t be able to resist the need to associate themselves with the rivers with a feeling of reverence.
The establishment of new AIIMS will serve the dual purpose of providing super speciality health care to the population while also help create a large pool of doctors and other health workers in this region that can be available for primary and secondary level institutions / facilities being created under National Health Mission (NHM).
He mentioned the transparency that has been brought in the Government procurement process, through Government e Marketplace.
About one fourth of our investments in Africa are in this country.
Many players like Aditi Ashok, Dattu Bhokanal, Atanu Das gave a very good performance.
Organisationretailers, wholesalers, hotels and catering institutions, Resident Welfare Association (RWAs) and ordinary consumers can buy from this platform, with no agents / middlemen involved.
• To release clean drinking water for cities and reduce pollution of rivers like Ganga, thermal plants within 50 km of sewage treatment facilities to use treated sewage water.
In face of growing traditional and non-traditional challenges, politico-security cooperation is a key emerging pillar of our relationship.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today held talks with the President of the Spanish Government, Mariano Rajoy, in Madrid.
He will arrive in the city on the afternoon of 17th September.
The bilateral relations between India and Brazil have grown for the better.
This MoU will help the two parties in creating an institutional mechanism for enhancing cooperation in the tourism sector.
To make the loan from NABARD attractive for states, it was decided that the rate of interest may be kept around 6% by providing requisite cost free funds to NABARD every year during 2016-17 to 2019-20 on which interest cost would be borne by Govt. of India.
A total of 191 countries have signed to the Paris Agreement so far.
With likely manufacturing orders of close to 70,000 crores to the domestic industry, the project will help transform Indian nuclear industry by linking our goal of a strong nuclear power sector with our indigenous industrial capacities in high-end technologies.
He noted that there is an increasing global demand for handmade jewellery.
But, that alone is not enough.
The Prime Minister was given an overview of the extent of damage caused by floods, and the relief operations being undertaken.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress, and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
He praised the work of officers who worked as a team and put in a dedicated effort in those days.
Usually the issue of exams has largely remained confined to schools, teachers, students and their families.
France is one of our most important Strategic Partners.
Shriman Tejas Gaikwad has also written on NarendramodiApp whether there could be an arrangement to send our homemade sweets to the security forces.
It means that financing in India is no longer confined to bank loans alone.
They believe that the simultaneous emergence of India and China as two large economies and major powers with strategic and decisional autonomy, has implications of regional and global significance.
Government has taken a number of steps during the last 2 years to facilitate the stay of persons belonging to minority communities of these countries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ‘in principle’ approval to the Implementation of Master Plan to convert All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi into a world class Medical University.
MoU on Cooperation for Prevention of Human Trafficking.
The state governments too are making maximum possible efforts on their part to provide relief to the flood affected people.
I have spoken to Arunachal Pradesh CM Pema Khandu and other officials both in Delhi and the states on the flood situation
The leaders highlighted the strong and expanding economic relationship between the United States and India and committed to support sustainable, inclusive, and robust economic growth, and common efforts to stimulate consumer demand, job creation, skill development and innovation in their respective countries.
He said alternative designs are now available, and area of the houses has also been increased.
Partaking of LANGAR together created a feeling of unity & oneness in people.
Emphasizing the priorities of his Government, the Prime Minister reiterated that Panchdhara – five facets of development hold the key to the progress of nation.
ii. Establishing an advanced joint testing laboratory for clinical examination;
During these drought days, I met leaders from 11 states separately and sat with them for about 2-3 hours each.
The MoU will be signed during the upcoming visit of Russian President to India.
Under the central government’s ongoing ‘Green India Mission’, Railways too have joined in this endeavour.
Petrapole-Benapole is an important land border crossing for India-Bangladesh trade.
A New dedicated DD Channel, for Arunachal Pradesh – DD Arun Prabha was launched by PM at IG Park, Itanagar.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak, on his birth anniversary.
He will also inaugurate the newly built PG hostel of the hospital.
The world also owes a debt of gratitude to Sri Lanka for preserving some of the most important elements of the Buddhist heritage.
And the credit goes to the mandate given by the citizens in 2014.
The Railway Ministry plans to spend more than Five Thousand Crore Rupees during the current year for the same.
Friends, an atmosphere of non-payment of taxes was being created.
This has been a historic step since independence for the welfare of farmers.
We shall gradually advance in that direction.
23. Both sides underlined the importance of ASEM as an informal platform for connecting Asia and Europe.
9. Collaboration in the field of climate change impact on communicable diseases and vector borne diseases;
He mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail, and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had hoisted the tricolour 75 years ago.
I try to give words to their dreams, and I am glad that for the past 3 years, I get suggestions from every corner of the country for August 15, as to what I should speak on the 15th August and which issues should I include in my address on the occasion.
I hope your visit to India is as productive as it has been for Steven Smith’s batting, the other Australian Captain.
I want to request you to kindly highlight this issue by sending a team there, or through the newspapers.
He turned the freedom struggle into a mass movement.
Today the youngsters of the country are taking the nation to greater heights by exploring and engaging in new fields such as Start-ups, BPOs, E-commerce, mobility etc.
I will also address the Indian Community in Indonesia.
I also appreciate the decision of the European Investment Bank to fund solar-related projects in member countries of the International Solar Alliance.
The MoU will augment domestic availability of pulses in India and thereby stabilise its prices.
Just imagine … for that one and only voter!
I humbly pay my homage to Sir C.V. Raman and I appeal to you all to raise the level of your interest in science.
The IALA, having headquarters at St. Germainen Laye (France) was established in 1957 under French law.
India has a long tradition of partnerships with fellow developing countries, while pursuing our own aspirations for growth.
ARNAB: Prime Minister Modi, do you think the GST bill which has been stuck for over one and half years, it is a path-breaking economic reform.
He said those patients who overcome this disease also inspire others.
In India, we deeply appreciate his leadership and contribution to strengthening our bilateral relationship.
The State Governments must also see to it that in the name of cow protection some people are settling their personal rivalry.
The supply of another 500 Mega Watt has already been committed from the existing inter-connection.
But Swati Mahadik, the wife of martyr colonel Santosh Mahadik – resolved to face the difficult situations and she joined the Indian Army.
Now that when we are going to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Pokhran test conducted on May 11, 1998, I ask the younger generations of our nation to imbibe the mantra of ‘Jai-Vigyan’ given by Atalji for enhancing the might and the power of India, to build a modern India, a powerful India and a self-reliant India.
j] Getting credit
Friends, New India is that land, Where you make your name, your name does not make you.
I condemn it strongly.
Many years ago, I visited Andaman & Nicobar Islands.
BRICS Convention of Tourism (1-2 September 2016, Khajuraho) 84.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the exchanging of Airports Authority of India’s (AAI) land measuring 1.6 acres with an equivalent land area of 1.6 acres offered by Odisha Government.
Work Plan for the year 2019-21 between Indian Council of Agriculture Research Republic of India and the State Secretary of Agro industry of the Ministry of Production and Labour of the Argentine Republic within the MoU signed in 2006.
However, unless we brainstorm collectively, ideas remain confined to individual minds.
A commemorative postal stamp on the Maharaja Suheldeo will be released by the Prime Minister in Ghazipur where he will also address a public rally.
There is also a great scope for mountaineering, trekking and adventure tourism in the region.
Agreement on Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Civil and Commercial matter
Posing a barrier to effective multilateralism.
On this occasion I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the officers and jawans of Coast Guard for their service to the Nation.
Rabi sowing is up by 6 per cent compared to last year.
Its glorious tradition and teachings resonate through the dargahs of Ajmer, Delhi and Fatehpur Sikri.
We are also happy to see the progress being made in two-way trans-shipment of goods.
And therefore she wants me to provide some information on the recent launch of 104 satellites and the Interceptor Missile.
· BRICS Academic Forum – 28 to 31 May (Johannesburg)
Over one crore customers have given up LPG subsidy under ‘Give it up’ initiative.
I am confident that Strong India and Strong Japan will also be a stabilising factor in Asia and the world.
This will be subject to the approval of consortium of Banks and RBI.
It seeks to improve the effectiveness of both countries in the prevention, investigation and prosecution of crimes through cooperation and legal assistance in criminal matters.
And here, we have closed one lakh Seventy five thousand companies.
• Over the past few decades, the image of political leadership has been at crossroads due to the deeds of some of the leaders amongst us.
I also thank Portugal for sharing with us a digital version of 12,000 documents comprising exchange of letters between Goa and Portugal in the 17th century.
“I will be visiting Israel on 4-6 July, 2017 upon invitation of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The revised text of ASA was initialed in 2011.
Government has taken up a multipronged strategy including both stringent legislative and Project based approach to address the concerns related to child labour.
And therefore the most effective medicine that exists for memory recall is relaxation.
“India condoles the loss of lives and property in Sri Lanka due to flooding and landslides.
The Prime Minister said India has never harmed another country.
Whether one acts on some pressure or not, is a different story; whether someone is compelled to do something for gaining political brownie points or not is a different story;but this leaves a profound mark that forces the policy makers to give it a thought at some point of time.
Addressing the gathering, Prime Minister said that work is progressing at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a house by 2022.
49. The Sides reaffirmed the commitment of India and Russia for a political resolution of the conflict in Syria, through an inclusive Syrian-led, Syrian-owned political process which safeguards the state sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity of Syria in pursuance of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2254 (2015).
Top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and PMO, briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects, including the preparations in States, and development of the technological infrastructure associated with the scheme.
There should be no glorification of terrorists as martyrs.
PM told that it is the need of the hour “ …move to responsible pricing, which balances the interests of both the producer and consumer.
We focused on our common priority of diversifying and deepening bilateral engagement.
Our joint development of bananas fortified with Vitamin A has entered the phase of field trials.
We are happy to host the 2017 Global Entrepreneurship Summit in partnership with the Government of the United States of America.
The scheme is an important step towards the goal of doubling the income of farmers in The State by 2022.
This MoU shall remain in force for a period of five years.
Don’t buckle under the pressure of expectations.
To them also, you can gift Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojna or Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojna on this festival of Raksha Bandhan.
India has always stood by Cyprus on all crucial issues.
A Coordination Committee will be headed by Director General, IRRI as Chair and Secretary, Government of India, Department of Agriculture, Cooperation and Farmers Welfare (DACFW) as Co-Chair.
He conveyed his best wishes on the occasion to the Bharat Sevashram Sangha, which he said, combined the virtues of service (seva) and labour (shram).
He used to mention Nanaji’s contribution with great respect and he even went to a village to see Nanaji’s work there.
The rapporteurs for two out of the eight groups also made presentations on the status of implementation of the recommendations of their groups.
In case of an untimely death, he said the papers should be completed within a specified time, and officers should be made accountable for the same.
Even today, India is one of the largest contributors to various United Nations Peace Keeping Forces in terms of sending forces personnel.
One of NITI’s functions is:
(a) Creation of the GST Council as per Article 279A of the amended Constitution;
Prime Minister Prachanda spoke about the ongoing efforts of his government to take all stakeholders on board in the constitution implementation process.
As per paragraph 6(1) of the Fifth Schedule {Article 244(1)} to the Constitution of India, the expression ‘Scheduled Areas’ means ‘such areas as the President may by order declare to be Scheduled Areas’.
If the State(s) fails to claim this amount before 30thNovember in the financial year, then, these funds will become a part of the common pool, which will be released to the high performing States, which have already pre-financed the requisite Government of India share on a first come first serve basis.
The Agreement provides for a free trade regime between two countries.
This is our cultural legacy, the legacy of 125 crore people.
H.E. Kim Hyun-chong, Minister for Trade, Industry & Energy, RoK
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Punjab on January 3, 2019.
Let me say this in the end:
Brothers and sisters, during the freedom struggle, many young people of the country embraced the gallows.
PM will inaugurate the Patan- Bindi Railway Line.
As soon as the people in our country and abroad heard of the demise of Atalji on 16th August, everyone drowned in sadness.
He said that the relationship between any two countries, should not be seen from the prism of a third.
He said these Health and Wellness Centres would function like a family doctor for the poor.
For instance, he got an artificial lake made, spread over 200 acres in Thondanur near Melkot.
As Buddha said, “there is no higher bliss than peace”.
Thousands of Indian companies are registered in Singapore.
I strongly condemn such mindless acts of violence.
Can we spare a thought while purchasing anything as to who in my country will be benefitted by this purchase!
These steps have greatly benefitted not only the poor, but also the middle class, PM said.
The new year is celebrated in different ways in different parts of our country.
Now that we are celebrating the 1000th birth anniversary of Ramanujacharya, we should gain inspiration from him in our endeavour to foster social unity, to bolster the adage ‘unity is strength’.
He interacted with jawans from the ITBP and the Indian Army, and offered sweets to them.
13. Information and communication to citizens on hygiene and food safety and healthy eating habits; and
The budget is expected to give a boost to the hopes and aspirations of 125 crore people of the country.
The Mission seeks to converge, coordinate, implement and monitor skilling activities on a pan-India basis.
It is a healthy trend for any nation, when the people wish to join the mainstream abiding by the law, and helping the Government in serving the poor.
There was competition as to whether coal will get more money or spectrum.
Access to banking services by the poor has also played a major role in tackling corruption in government.
During his long years in public life, George Sahab never deviated from his political ideology.
The leaders also committed to redouble their efforts to combat the theft and trafficking of cultural objects.
Don’t news of such achievements, such accomplishments inspire us?
Sports are considered a waste of time in our society.
I hope you will go and see his paintings in the ‘Kranti Mandir.’
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking active steps to improve your living conditions, including a 5-year National Plan of Action.
The project will reduce the dependence on imports and create a strong base for the growth of indigenous and domestic industry by providing access to state of art infrastructure and technology.
The MoU will promote bilateral cooperation in the field of Spatial Planning, Water Management and Mobility Management between the two countries.
And when mother Ganga will be as per our dreams then there will be an unique joy in Chhath Puja, and there will be an unique feeling of devotion.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, received a telephone call today from the President of the World Bank, Mr. Jim Yong Kim.
Many a time we see them telling elders not to litter on the roads.
This collective strength and solidarity could be enhanced further if we work under a common umbrella.
Tata Memorial hospital under DAE is a premier research institution in the field of cancer research and treatment.
He said that the sooner the attitude of Government can change from regulator to enabler, the faster this challenge of competition will become an opportunity.
PM said the diaspora is equally important in our resolve for a New India.
SDC will be incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013, with an initial Authorized Share Capital of Rs. 1,000 Crore and a Subscribed Share Capital of Rs. 90 Crore.
The river flows under the Rispana Bridge before passing by my home.
All these changes will be put into effect simultaneously from the Budget 2017-18.
Shri Narendra Modi said that cities are growth centres which have the capacity to mitigate the problems faced by the people.
The Joint Working Group on Urban Development is expected to meet once in a year, alternately in UK and in India.
Never ever break their trust, don’t let anyone to even doubt that.
I am told he has already started thinking about this possibility and planning for it.
It would also provide an opportunity for both the nations to share best practices and new innovations in the field of Information, Communication & Media.
The world duly took notice of India’s efforts in the areas of Solar Energy & Climate Change.
In rural economy, the other sectors are also important.
He conferred the National Youth Parliament Festival Awards 2019,and distributed the certificates to the winners.
Assembled here today, is a truly augustgathering.We are honoured bythe presence of many Heads of State and Government andseveral other distinguished delegates.
Today, Japan is one of the top investors in India.
We agreed that efficiency of water and resource use; water conservation and its purification; productivity increases in agriculture are key areas in deepening our bilateral cooperation.
He called for expeditious completion of vital links which will connect the remaining unconnected habitations at the earliest.
When on the one hand, a sense of festivity pervades the land, and on the other, news of violence comes in, from one part of the country, it is only natural of be concerned.
This will strengthen our energy security and lead to more competitive prices for consumers.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing an Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for cooperation in Traditional Systems of Medicine and Homoeopathy between Ministry of AYUSH of the Government of Republic of India and the Ministry of Health, Nutrition and Indigenous Medicine of the Government of Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
The draft IGA has been reviewed by ISRO and Algerian Space Agency (ASAL) and comments were exchanged through email.
Government has also started a one-stop digital platform called Start-Up India Hub where all information regarding start-ups and its ecosystem is available for entrepreneurs.
I would also like to express gratitude to UNCTAD for having supported India’s initiative and playing an active role in bringing it to this stage.
Foreign policy is about finding the common meeting points.
The Institute will have the governance structure as well as legal mandate to grant degrees in a manner similar to that enjoyed by IITs.
Both sides aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable energy issues on the basis of mutual benefit, equality and reciprocity.
“As societies, India and Israel are both driven by a strong entrepreneurial mindset.
He mentioned that a large number of solar pumps will be installed in farms across the country in the near future.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Revised Cost Estimates for establishment of eight New IITs at Bhubaneswar, Gandhinagar, Hyderabad, Indore, Jodhpur, Mandi, Patna and Ropar.
Foundation stone of doubling of 425 km long Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsen-Khairar railway lines and Coach Refurbishing Workshop in Jhansi was also laid by the PM on this occasion.
Paighambar Hazrat Mohammad Sahab was born on this day.
Speaking about the opportunity to hand over RuPay cards to women Self Help Groups, the Prime Minister said that he is happy to see enthusiasm towards digital transactions.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Indian Boxer Mary Kom on her gold at Asian Confederation Women’s Boxing Championships.
After forming the government, our first task was to constitute an SIT.
India attaches high importance to the role of BRICS that has begun a second decade of its partnership for progress and peace.
They are Women Children & Super Specialty Hospital, Cancer Hospital, Eye Hospital and Dental Hospital.
28. The Saudi side appreciated the initiative taken by the Prime Minister of India leading to the formation of International Solar Alliance.
Increasing number of Australian students are coming to study in India.
Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas, Government of India has joined AMF TCP as its 16th member on 9th May, 2018.
Myriad kind of facts emerges.
This Rudraksh will be a gar-land of love of Japan for Varanasi.
In the backdrop of the fact that maritime security today has become an issue of global concern and the excellence displayed by Coast Guard in securing India’s coast line, I extend my heartiest felicitations to them on their 40th birthday.
Swami Atmasthananda ji was blessed with immense knowledge and wisdom.
His four decade long journalistic career reflects powerful journalism and that journalism was attached to the society’s cause.
And everyone was saying this thing that they knew the result but decided to participate in the process.
This is the third metro line to be inaugurated by the Prime Minister in 2017.
Chief Secretaries spoke briefly on one best practice each, of their respective States.
Shahid Abdulla, Minister of Foreign Affairs
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is actively working on the Rurban Mission, which caters to those places that are growing and urbanising quickly.
Earlier only eighty to ninety big merchants used to get access to global rough diamonds by travelling to Belgium, Africa and Israel.
He added that to make this possible, Government has worked on a holistic policy consisting of connecting villages through fibre optic, digitally educating citizens, providing service delivery through mobiles and promoting electronic manufacturing.
We will upgrade and intensify this cooperation, through joint manufacture, co-production and co-development of military hardware and military spares, with increasing reliance on the adoption and sharing of future technologies, in compliance with the obligations of the sides under the existing agreements on military-technical cooperation.
We will do this on multiple levels :-
I would like to tell you about some of these people.
This would also be our message to the CEO Forum tomorrow.
Government of Pakistan will be urged to recognize the sentiments of the Sikh community and to develop a corridor with suitable facilities in their territory as well.
The amount so far credited in Government account is Rs. 4,769 crore.
Dr. Mohamed Asim, Minister of Foreign Affairs & Special Envoy of the President of Maldives called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon.
PM said that these projects will usher in connectivity and development in the region and soon Dhule will give competition to Surat in terms of development.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to M/s.
Some of the specific areas of priority would be hydrography, communications networks, anti-piracy, capacity building, exchanges and defence medical cooperation.
The North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme will fill the gaps in creation of infrastructure in two sectors.
They said that that they felt proud, happy and inspired to know that the Prime Minister was following their progress.
The corrupt now have to answer for their misdeeds.
We have individually strived very hard to fight terrorism and violent extremism.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has hailed the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana as a boost to the farmers across the country.
55. We have moved from Co-operative Federalism to Competitive Co-operative federalism.
For this purpose, we have launched various initiatives, such as Make in India and Start-up India.
Last year in July, I carried the greetings and friendship of 1.25 billion Indians during my momentous journey to Israel.
It will also be extended to areas such as plant and soil nutrition; exchange of experiences in the field of sanitary and phytosanitary legislation and plant protection Animal husbandry, modern irrigation technology including exchange of experiences, and training and capacity building, etc. would also come in its purview.
I compliment the World Bank for engaging with countries to improve ease of doing business across the world.
He said he has seen a glow on the faces of the monks who have been to India, and a great curiosity on the faces of those who wish to travel to India.
I thank Keidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
Russia exports its modern military technologies to India.
Second layer of protection, minimum premium with maximum cover.
We acknowledge the importance of developing economic cooperation at the regional level.
I am confident that the Kendra will become another important platform for crystallizing ongoing efforts of the government to redefine its engagement with the over-seas Indian community.
With this, PM has concluded his visit to Gujarat with Silvassa and Mumbai being the next destinations of the three day visit.
It will have a Chairperson and 3 Members.
Many governments came, plans were made to clean Ganga, and a lot of expenditure was incurred without showing results.
During this visit, apart from my discussions with President Moon, I will meet with business leaders, members of the Indian community as well as eminent persons from all walks of life.
Its effective functioning will give members the required confidence to engage in future negotiating in the WTO.
He emphasized that there is limitless potential, limitless possibilities, and limitless opportunities now in India.
The act is applicable to all establishments employing 10 or more persons.
4. NHM will continue to strengthen the public health systems, particularly in high priority districts that include aspirational districts.
The mission of Skill Development is being encouraged by establishing new centres in small places.
He said Bastar would soon be recognised as an economic hub.
The Prime Minister noted that the current year is special, because it marks the 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement; the 100th anniversary of Champaran Satyagraha; and the 125th anniversary of the celebration of ‘Saarvjanik Ganesh Utsav’ – inspired by Bal Gangadhar Tilak.
The younger generation in our own country is thinking and aspiring so differently, that government can no longer afford to remain rooted in the past.
I hope that this Centre shall strive to strongly integrate elements of Yoga, in all its programmes and initiatives.
The meeting of the India-Kenya business forum will be an important forum to elaborate more on the economic aspect of our relationship with Kenya.
Another key issue that needs the world to come together is climate change.
And we are reaping the benefits of the efforts made by our ancestors to save the environment.
e) the Nairobi Wreck Removal Convention, 2007,
Those who inspire you, those who inform you, those who tell you the truth, those who teach you, show you the right way and awaken you, they are all your gurus.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Kochi , Kerala today and dedicated to the nation and also laid foundation stone for various projects in the state.
“Congratulations & best wishes to Mahabodhi International Meditation Centre, Leh Ladakh on Mahakaruna Diwas 2017 celebrations.
But the real potential is even higher.
Digital transactions in India are witnessing a very rapid surge.
The Prime Minister laid emphasis on concrete outcomes out of the actionable points that have been finalised.
He embodied the spirit of harmony and brotherhood.
The Cabinet further gave its approval to revise the norms of assistance mainly for planting materials, maintenance cost, inter-cropping cost and bore-well to make oil palm plantations attractive.
University of Ladakh will be launched by the Prime Minister.
We appreciate the fundamental importance of research, development and innovation in global sustainability and competitiveness.
I am extremely happy and want to share one of the phone-calls with you.
The role of external assistance has gained further significance in view of the large gap in funding requirements for major infrastructure projects implemented by the State Governments in order to acquire competitive strength under the globalized economic framework.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
The exhibition has around 30 exhibits, and features about 20 different kinds of interactive and media experiences.
Prime Miniter Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief on the sudden demise of film actor Sridevi.
The different models of outsourcing operations which were attempted have not been successful.
Our proactive foreign policy and energy diplomacy is helping us to strengthen our ties with our neighbouring countries.
Nation completes seven decades of Independence on 15th August, 2017.
On our part, we would, of course, want greater influx of Japanese investments.
He said the Indian diaspora in the region has a key role to play in nurturing this heritage.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The land is to be leased by AAI on a token licence fee of Rs.1/- per annum for a period of seven years subject to signing of Lease Agreement.
He shared some light and informal moments with the children who also requested him for autographs.
Saudi Arabia is one of the potential tourist generating market for India from Middle East.
We call upon all countries to reach a balanced outcome under the Paris Agreement Work Programme during COP-24 that enables operationalization and implementation of the Paris Agreement.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
Sharmilaji, your concern is quite genuine.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rolled out the Pradhan Mantri Jan ArogyaYojana-Ayushman Bharat from Ranchi on September 23, 2018 and termed it a “game-changer initiative to serve the poor“.
“We salute the skills, strengths and fortitude of the girl child.
Since the last two Annual Summits, the journey of our partnership has seen renewed focus and drive.
The bridge, which spans the River Brahmaputra between Dibrugarh and Dhemaji districts of Assam, is of immense economic and strategic significance for the nation.
In December 2004, the Indian Ocean Tsunami caught us unprepared, and there was no warning.
As both the Agreement and the MoU are umbrella pacts, and are non-binding in nature, the Board of Directors of Exim Bank has been authorized to negotiate and conclude any individual contracts and commitments within their framework.
The maximum limit of 40% seats for which fee would be regulated in private medicalinstitutions and deemed universities has been increased to 50% seats.
Send your suggestions on all of these.
• Approximately 5.82 crore successful calls (average duration of content played in each call: approximately 1 minute) made under Kilkari as on 31st March, 2017.
There is no dearth of schemes but lack of creating synergy and linking the schemes with each other to achieve common goal.
The Sides acknowledged the agriculture sector as an important area for cooperation and committed themselves to eliminating trade barriers, greater production and trade in agricultural products.
That day also was the day of Buddha Purnima.
Recently, India has also implemented Goods and Services Tax-GST.
He said that just as Sardar Patel had ensured political integration of the country, GST would ensure economic integration.
We became free in 1947.
Parents in most parts of the country must be busy with their children’s examinations.
He also spoke of the benefits of GST, and said the Union Government is making constant efforts to create a people-friendly, development-friendly and investment-friendly environment.
It will also open better livelihood opportunities to many villages.
This is extremely refreshing and rejuvenating.
All major world powers are standing with us & supporting us.
India’s economy has in itself an element of social economics.
TMO shall allow the export in respect of only those contracts so registered by CBN.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Central Silk Board (CSB), India and National Institute of Agrobiological Sciences (NIAS), Japan for collaborative research in the field of silkworm and silk industries.
I once again thank you Excellency Putin for joining me in this dedication.
a) Exchanging information and expertise in Legislations in the tourism development, Hotels, resorts and tourist accommodation facilities, Tourism data and statistics, Exhibition events and other tourism activities in States of the Parties, Tourism development, planning and investment; Licensing, operating and marketing tourism facilities, Agricultural Tourism, Desert tourism etc.
India has taken a lead in addressing these issues of energy access.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval for signing an MoU between India and Afghanistan on Technical Cooperation on Police Training and Development.
He distributed 500 traditional wooden charkhas (spinning wheels) among women.
Atal ji’s exemplary service & leadership has had a very positive impact on India’s growth trajectory.
It isthe responsibility of the EC to organise free and fair election in the country of about85 crore voters with diverse socio-political and economic backgrounds.
I am delighted to be here in Nairobi.
Bilateral traffic rights vii.
Prime Minister Modi will then proceed to Mandapam for the public meeting.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Indian Community in Uganda.
(v) A No Development Zone (NDZ) of 20 meters has been stipulated for all Islands: For islands close to the main land coast and for all Backwater Islands in the main land, in wake of space limitations and unique geography of such regions, bringing uniformity in treatment of such regions, NDZ of 20 m has been stipulated.
He said the State Government is working for the betterment of various sections of the society.
In line with the decision of the Government to revitalize sick CPSUs wherever possible or to wind up irretrievable cases, the dissolution of the CIWTC would be initiated after disposal of movable and immovable assets.
These are also our values.
Our saints and seers created as well as nurtured institutions which have helped society for centuries, the Prime Minister said.
He said that Government initiatives including Skill India Mission, Start Up India, and Atal Innovation Mission are preparing our youth for new and emerging technologies.
The Prime Minister mentioned projects such as the Bansagar Dam in Uttar Pradesh, and the Mandal Dam in Jharkhand, which have seen huge cost escalations, as they have been delayed for decades.
The views of concerned Ministries viz the then Planning Commission, Ministry of North Eastern Region, and Department of Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance were sought in this regard.
In this context, Russia welcomes India’s applications for the membership in Nuclear Suppliers Group and the Wassenaar Arrangement and reiterates its strong support for India’s earliest admission to these export control regimes.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the derailing of the Patna-Indore Express.
The Country celebrated Republic Day yesterday.
The existing guidelines do not allow direct borrowings by the State Government entities from external agencies.
I salute all science lovers and wish them the very best as they enhance their scientific zeal.
The movement targeted the young generation, in particular.
The modern medical facilities will benefit 1.5 crores people of 11 districts of Jharkhand.
Have we documented these?
He unveiled a unique Bhagwad Gita, prepared by ISKCON devotees.
Social organisations, cultural organizations and common citizens charged with the spirit of service are also making their utmost efforts to help the affected people in this situation.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will release a commemorative coin on Guru Gobind Singh ji, on January 13, 2019.
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle went through several phases, and recalled various leaders and movements that emerged at various points since 1857.
He will witness a demonstration of activities such as beneficiary identification, and e-card creation.
The 27 PRAGATI meetings so far have seen a cumulative review of projects with a total investment of over Rs. 11.5 lakh crore.
And, for us, the most relevant benchmark for the success of our friendship is your progress and success.
Start-Ups have been given income tax exemption for three years.
I prefer to understand the other man’s point of view rather than going through the process of acceptance, rejection and reaction.
The Agreement is also expected to facilitate trade and ensure efficient clearance of goods traded between the countries.
All sorts of experiments are being carried out in every family.
Guru Gobind Singh Ji was born in Patna.
Where a home for everyone, and electricity in every home is a reality.
(ii) exchange information of operational, technical and general nature in drug matters, exchange literature on their existing laws, rules, procedures, best practices and methods of curbing illicit trafficking in narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and their precursors and any further amendments to the existing legislation.
Spoke to President Rouhani, President Ghani, PM Nawaz Sharif, PM Sheikh Hasina and President Yameen and greeted them on Eid”, the Prime Minister said.
Shri Narendra Modi used his monthly ‘Mann Ki Baat’ programme, to encourage people to buy Khadi products and thereby emphasizing on the revival of Khadi and cottage industries.
The 10th BRICS Summit, as a milestone in the history of BRICS, was held under the theme “BRICS in Africa: Collaboration for Inclusive Growth and Shared Prosperity in the 4th Industrial Revolution”.
The Bamboo which is a source of livelihood for lakhs of people of North East, has been under a very restrictive regulatory regime.
Our choices and actions are based on the strength of our national power.
We will deliberate on means to intensify our cooperation in counter-terrorism and on other international issues of mutual interest.
And, about his handwriting even at the age of 90, I marvel that he writes so beautifully whereas my own handwriting is very poor.
Under this MoU, a Joint Working Group (JWG) will be set up to strategize and implement programmes on cooperation under the framework of the MoU.
The project will reduce the distance from Salsalabari and Alipurduar to Siliguri by nearly 50 km.
This will be the fourth Annual Summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
Lauding the role of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore, he said that Maharaja had a vision for Tripura and he contributed greatly to build the city of Agartala.
This institutional framework comprises the NAA, a Standing Committee, Screening Committees in every State and the Directorate General of Safeguards in the Central Board of Excise & Customs (CBEC).
The Lessee (HURL) would pay a nominal Lease Rent of Rs.1 lakh per annum to the Lessor (FCIL/HFCL).
How long will we overlook facts that stare us in the face?
Following is the full text of the Prime Minister’s address:
He said, “Our youth can think about start ups and innovation in the health sector, particularly in healthcare equipment.”
Loan of upto Rs. 50000 is given under sub-scheme ‘Shishu’ between Rs. 50,000 to 5 Lakhs under sub-scheme ‘Kishore’ and between Rs. 5 Lakhs to Rs.10 Lakhs under sub-scheme ‘Tarun’.
The Prime Minister released Narmada Pravah – the Mission Work Plan for the river Narmada.
And therefore it is their natural desire that it gets a mention in ‘Mann Ki Baat’
Last week we formally decided to abolish the Foreign Investment Promotion Board which was made in 1990s to examine the FDI proposals.
Gandhiji considered Sardar Patel as the only one capable of finding a lasting solution to the vexed issue of the states and asked him to act.
i. Relaxation of land ceiling limit for oil palm cultivation under NMOOP (National Mission on Oilseeds and Oil Palm).
The foundation of good knowledge should be followed by a super-structure of a better society.
The right of the poor used to be snatched away.
He said, “India’s rich cultural heritage was preserved in the face of colonisation and foreign invasion.”
We were unanimous in recognizing the threat that terrorism, extremism and radicalization presents, not just to the regional and global peace, stability and economic prosperity.
I am fortunate today, to be among those who demonstrate the power of the pen, and show how it can be the vital life-force and conscience of society.
Electricity has reached all our rural areas”, he added.
I am privileged to be present among you at the beginning of the 7 day session of Sri Ramakrishna Vachanamrita Satram.
I know today we are divided politically, socially, and economically.
h) to participate in travel fairs/exhibitions in each other’s country; and
The whole country watched it with abated breath.
My dear countrymen, especially my young friends, just a couple of months ago, when I mentioned ‘Fit India’, I did not think it would draw such a good response; that a large number of people would come forward to support it.
“Today, on Labour Day we salute the determination and hard work of countless workers who play a big role in India’s progress.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will flag off the maiden run of the train on New Delhi-Kanpur-Allahabad-Varanasi route train tomorrow morning from the New Delhi Railway Station.
During the three years of our government, 1 lakh 20 thousand kilometers long rural roads have been constructed.
India’s own far-reaching journey of transformation gives pride of place to our people.
This has helped reduce government intervention.
Refer and earn.
We will continue our commitment to deal with the implications of the digital economy and, within that context, to ensure the fairness of the international tax system particularly towards the prevention of base erosion and shifting of profits, exchange of tax information, both on request and automatically, and needs-based capacity building for developing countries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved setting up of a new All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in Deoghar, Jharkhand.
His indomitable courage is a source of motivation.
The Prime Minister said that medicines are available at fifty to ninety percent lower price than the market rates at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
The two Prime Ministers resolved to work together to take bilateral relations to newer heights on the basis of equality, mutual trust, respect and benefit.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved funding for the for Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark-III (GSLV Mk-III) continuation programme (Phase-I) consisting of ten (10) GSLV (Mk-III) flights, at a total estimated cost of Rs. 4338.20 crores.
It will provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth; satellite communication; satellite navigation; space science and exploration of outer space.
The sacrifices made by our Afghan brothers will not be forgotten.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with over 360 Officer Trainees of the 92nd Foundation Course at the Lal Bahadur Shastri National Academy of Administration (LBSNAA) in Mussoorie, Uttarakhand.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for Motor Vehicle (Amendment) Bill 2016.
President Putin thanked the Prime Minister for the phone call.
It is remarkable that in this train Shraddha Setu, from Rameshwaram to Ayodhya, all the toilets of this train are Bio Toilets.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi met President Xi Jinping of China on the sidelines of Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit in Tashkent today.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that on this occasion, the devotional hymn Vaishnav Jan To, which was so dear to Bapu, had been rendered by artistes in about 150 countries across the world.
President Magufuli has a vision for nation building, development and industrialization – a vision that is my dream for India too.
The August Revolution was an important milestone in the freedom movement and Balia district had played an important role in that event.
Take the example of Ease of Doing Business rankings.
Therefore, we will not tolerate black money and corruption.
For something that had not been done for 60 years, setting a timeframe for it was in itself a risk.
Joint projects and works carried out under this MoU depending on the type and field of activity shall be on non-commercial or commercial basis and shall be executed either without mutual payments or on the basis of compensatory arrangements or contracts.
Singapore entities have become major partners with India in areas like urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
This year, India fared well in Athletics too.
A strategic approach involving a suitable mix of Academic, Industry and Government is proposed to be adopted.
The MoU was signed earlier this month.
Praising the Prime Minister’s vision, members of the delegation expressed hope that the nationwide trust that he has among the people, will ensure prosperity and well-being of all segments of society.
I am sure that what Sachin-ji has said will prove very helpful for you.
Implementation of ‘One Rank One Pension’ for ex-servicemen, a demand which had been pending for over four decades, has resulted in over 20 lakh ex-servicemen receiving more thanRs.
· Can you establish an honest business culture in the country by 2022 by expanding the scope of your help?
This is expected to help in the efforts being taken to improve the availability of these commodities to general public at reasonable rates, and control the tendencies of hoarding and profiteering.
To my young entrepreneur friends from India, I would like to say: each of you has something valuable to contribute towards creating a New India by 2022.
India will be friends with both Saudi Arabia and Iran.
6000 women sarpanches from across the country had assembled in Gujarat on the occasion of International Women’s Day under the banner of Swachh Shakti 2017.
“As thriving democracies, we share a desire to work closely together and with all who share our objective to support a rules-based international order that upholds agreed international norms, global peace and stability.
He said there is a strong need for proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand the range of our talent, and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
Foundation Stone for the Karmalichak Sewerage Network spanning 96.54 kilometres will be laid by PM.
The waters of the Indian Ocean are our common sea frontiers.
Even their friends have contributed by boosting their morale under all circumstances.
The policy mandates to provide preference to Domestically Manufactured Iron & Steel Products (DM1&SP), in Government Procurement.
Brothers and Sisters, Digital India is now making inroads into our villages.
This cover will take care of almost all secondary care and most of tertiary care procedures.
The Prime Minister said he is aware of the issues being faced by them, and raises them with the Qatari leadership whenever he meets them.
Characterizing India’s geological cover, investigating India’s lithospheric architecture, resolving 4D geodynamic and metallogenic evolution, and detecting and characterizing the distal footprints of ore deposits, would be the main components of this initiative.
The Prime Minister had met a high level delegation of the European Investment Bank a year ago at the EU-India summit and promised support for establishment of the bank’s regional office in Delhi.
Any other areas of cooperation of mutual interest.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Planning; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers.
With these qualities you will succeed in all examinations and all other endeavours.
They should boost the confidence of their children as much as possible.
PM will also inaugurate the electrification of Railway Lines on the following sectors:
Renewable energy, water, material science, affordable healthcare, synthetic biology, functional food, and blue economy were identified as potential areas for immediate collaboration.
However after the recent passage of the Benami Act, within a short span of time, government has confiscated Benami property worth Rs. 800 crores when these things happen, common men feel that this country is for the honest people.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of Kendriya Vidyalaya in Odisha’s Sonepur at an estimated cost of Rs.15.81 crore.
In management terms, we have achieved critical mass for a swift takeoff.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratification of an Agreement between India and Estonia on the transfer of sentenced persons.
I always look forward to being among young people.
This Gurudwara suffered severe damage due to the devastating earth quake of 2001 in Gujarat.
Hence I appeal to you, I appeal to all of you because one-hundred and twenty-five crore people of India have faith in your signature.
She later proved herself true to her name.
We are not merely reforming our country, we are transforming India.
The Scheme of Setting up of 20 new IIITs in Public Private Partnership (IIIT PPP) as approved by the Union Cabinet on 7.12.2010 does not have provision which empowers the Institutes set up in Public Private Partnership to grant degrees to its students.
The more we talk openly about aspects relating to depression and mental health, the better it is, he added.
– What will you say when international air freight traffic has registered a growth of nearly 16%?
“Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar’s demise is saddening.
The current account deficit was rising.
Workshop on International Arbitration Mechanism (27 August 2016, New Delhi) 59.
First Lady Kim is visiting India at the invitation of Prime Minister Modi.
a. Surveys required for engineering and design, construction and operation of the EQUIPMENT, b.
What the word, ‘Satyagraha’ means, what disagreement can mean, what Non-Cooperation in the face of such a vast Empire could be –Gandhi Ji established a completely new vision of resistance, not through mere words, but through a successful experiment.
The MoU will be signed on behalf of the two countries after its approval by the two Governments.
I believe some people will put them to use and they will tell me about that too.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
“Induction of indigenously made Tejas fighter jet into the Air Force fills our hearts with unparalleled pride and happiness.
In effect, crop loans are available to farmers at 4% rate of interest.
The available land with both the CPSEs will be put up for public use/other government use for overall development of society.
The Prime Minister said that through the MUDRA scheme, there are new opportunities available to entrepreneurs.
Armed Forces protect nation states against external security threats.
The PartNIR aims at deepening BRICS cooperation in digitalisation, industrialisation, innovation, inclusiveness and investment, to maximise the opportunities and address the challenges arising from the 4th Industrial Revolution.
Day-2 of PM visit to Gujarat marked the beginning of three day long Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2019.
Gurupurab wishes to everyone.
But it was not like that from the start.
The Agreement in Merchant Shipping will pave the way for cooperation in eliminating any hindrances which may hamper the development of sea trade between the two nations.
I pray that those who are injured recover quickly.
The cooperation to restore Ananda Temple in Bagan with assistance of the Archaeological Survey of India also is emblematic of this shared heritage.
He said the results of this are visible on the ground.
• The World is committedto the climate change agendabased on the COP-21agreement.
– This is the government that has shown the courage to take the decision of Demonetization.
This in turn requires widening the ambit of legal education in India.
Hence, this year, we are advancing the date of the budget so that expenditure is authorized by the time the new financial year begins.
And, we aspire to welcome many more.
Her stellar innings in semi finals will always be remembered.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the opening of 18 new Indian Missions in Africa over a four year period from 2018-2021.
The total GDSs have been brought under two categories viz.
Amendments to the Customs Tariff Act, 1975; iii.
The Prime Minister said that the Upper House, with senior Members, has a unique significance.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the DGsP/IGsP Conference at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy in Hyderabad.
We want to expand the horizons of agriculture with the help of modernization.
Funding of projects related to the execution of this MoU will be structured in separate individual arrangements, mutually agreed by both parties.
Many of the most reputed international names in the diamond industry have conducted over two hundred and forty four days of viewings.
In Delhi, the Prime Minister has inaugurated the Sardar Patel Gallery at the National Science Centre.
This is also expected to facilitate the ease of doing business by providing a steady supply of skilled workforce to the industry and services.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his best wishes all the participants of T20 World Cup for the Blind-2017
3. Modernisation of current operations and infrastructure;
This was preventing the economy from reaching the level which it was worthy of;
Even today, this state boasts of being the origin of the highest number of our people living and working abroad.
He expressed hope that ShriVishwakarma Skill University will play a major role in skilling the youth to take up new opportunities.
It provides visitors with a range of opportunities to engage with various digital installations which explain the role of Sardar Patel in the unification of India.
We will also intensify our joint efforts to counter undisclosed synthetic stones entering diamond market and to support the development of generic marketing programmes for diamonds.
The Council would be headed by a Chairperson and will have Executive and Non-Executive Members.
Will it be with the elected government or with other actors?
The long awaited legislation on a national Goods and Services Tax has been passed.
He is a prolific scholar and public policy maker.
But we must not take this progress for granted.
However, village dwellers can not be forced to live in 18th century.
It is this thought of Sri Aurobindo which is uniting the country and taking it ahead.
It will provide child and maternal services, trauma care and basic primary diagnostic, therapeutic, preventive and curative services in the area.
Hon’ble Judges of the Supreme Court and of the High Courts,
He also inaugurated Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences and Research, Ahmedabad and the Ahmedabad Shopping Festival.
Condolences to the bereaved families and wishing the injured an early recovery.
He added that the Government is focussing on increased pace of road construction.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned the various schemes of the Union Government which seek to empower the poor and underprivileged sections of society, such as Jan DhanYojana, UjjwalaYojana, insurance schemes, toilet construction, and direct benefits transfer.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, launched key development projects at Kalaburagi in Karnataka and Kancheepuram in Tamil Nadu.
The Prime Minister said most of our natural resources and forests were found in the same parts of the country, as tribal communities.
The result, Globalization gains are at risk and economic gains are no longer easy to come by.
Implementation strategy
The Prime Minister observed that resources available for this work should be used optimally throughout the year.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi visited Kollam in Kerala today.
For this, we are strengthening the entire eco-system of our administrative arrangements.
He played a pivotal role in helping India win Hockey Gold Medals in Olympic Games of 1928, 1932 and 1936.
He emphasized on speedy implementation of such infrastructure projects.
Officials explained the steps being taken to plug shortcomings and resolve bottlenecks in implementing business reforms.
PM summed it up saying that his Government will always fulfil the aspirations of the people of India.
21 Central Government Ministries and departments were implementing over 50 skill training programmes, operating in silos.
“The demise of Mr. Rishang Keishing leaves a great void in the politics of the Northeast, a region he served with great diligence.
Quality works have to be done in villages with generation of job opportunities.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone for the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), at Bilaspur.
It was Veer Savarkar who boldly expostulated by writing that whatever happened in 1857 was not a revolt but was indeed the First War of Independence.
PM will inaugurate four Rural Water Supply Schemes in Ramgarh and Hazaribagh districts.
Let me first compliment you for choosing the word Social as the first word of your theme for a business summit;
Members will continue to negotiate the mechanism in dedicated sessions of the Committee on Agriculture in Special Session.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi addressed the Silver Jubilee Celebrations of the Shree Kutchi Leva Patel Samaj in Nairobi, Kenya via video conferencing, today.
Together, we can achieve the targets we set for ourselves at COP-21 in Paris.
The tragedy is saddening.
“We are emphasizing on power generation.
The middle class has its aspirations.
34. This govt does not believe in postponing things.
He said the new airport terminal had been completed in a record time of one year.
It is also heartening to note that the Researchers at Amrita University are innovating new approaches to solve some of the world’s most pressing problems.
The Alliance aims at a solar capacity of 1000 Giga Watt with an investment of one trillion US Dollars by 2030.
For this, we have streamlined our systems and taken several measures to safeguard emigration of Indian workers.
Performance of the company started to decline in the ’90s, in the post liberalisation economic environment with rising costs, stiff competition from international players and availability of imported goods at cheaper rates.
ARNAB: But when you delivered that speech in context of America, you used a very interesting phrase.
Each such district has been entrusted to a team that works across sectors like education, water and sanitation, rural development with top-most priority to health and nutrition.
These schemes will enhance employment opportunities in our country manifold.
He explained how coal shortages have become a thing of the past, and capacity addition in power generation has exceeded targets.
The Prime Minister recalled that Ms. Patel has had a long association with India in her previous roles, and visited India many times.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
People travel.
He released a book named “Rashtrapati Bhavan: From Raj to Swaraj” and presented its first copy to the President.
26 islands have been listed for holistic development.
In less than a year, this platform is processing almost 280 thousand transactions daily.
There is some confusion surrounding this subject.
It involves a deep search into mind, body and spirit.
I will quote one proverb.
But gradually, times have changed.
Expressing happiness in interacting with people who fought adversities and emerged much stronger, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that Social security schemes empower people.
He will also hold an interaction with the newly elected Sarpanches.
India is proud that a valorous and great soul like him was born on our land.
They shared their deepest concern about the continued reports of the use of chemical weapons in the Syrian Arab Republic.
He said that besides stalled projects, the platform has also helped in the review and improvement of several social sector schemes.
He acknowledged his own teachers, who had instilled in him the values that enable him to keep the student in him alive till today.
I could not reach Udupi due to busy work schedule.
In that sense, the bank serves to unite India through a uniform banking culture.
His satire made his criticism loveable even to those he criticized.
Previous recipients include: US President George Bush, Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, NATO General James Jones, former Afghan President spiritual leader Sibghatullah Mujaddedi, and Afghan Chief Justice (CJ) Abdul Salam Azimi
We recognize the importance of working towards an international system based on international law, with the UN Charter as its fundamental cornerstone, which fosters cooperation and stability in a multipolar order.
The city’s population has been rising steadily, and is expected to reach twenty three lakhs by 2021.
She has made me aware of an incident: –
Excellency Karzai Prime Minister Harper, Prime Minister Kevin Rudd, it is a pleasure to see you in Delhi.
He also mentioned other development projects in Amethi, which were facing various bottlenecks in operationalization.
The areas of enhanced cooperation include techniques in water harvesting, surface and groundwater management and development and aquifer recharge.
It means a growth of 50% in the construction of rural roads.
This country will neither come to a standstill, neither will it bend and nor will it get tired.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated to the nation, the Vadodara City Command Control Centre; the Waghodiya Regional Water Supply Scheme; and the New Head Office Building of the Bank of Baroda, at a public meeting in Vadodara.
And I believe that if you go there once, your heart will tell you to go back again and again.
All of us are back together once again after the recess during the Budget Session of the Parliament.
We are a country, if we say, we are constantly in a political campaign mode.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
I feel as much pain as you do.
At present, Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 4 at Delhi Cantt has been functioning from a temporary re-appropriated building in Survey No. 14, Delhi Cantt., since its establishment in 1994.
This will not just be our partnership to advance the UN Sustainable Development Goals, but also to equip the youth of Africa for their place in the digital age.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the following:-
And those who opened their accounts under the Pradhan Mantri Jan DhanYojna, have received the benefit of insurance as well.
However, persons belonging to minority communities in Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan, namely Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians staying in India on Long Term Visa (LTV) continue to face difficulties with regard to several aspects of living.
Exim Bank is the principal export credit agency for India.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
India scripted a thumping win in the under- 19 Cricket World Cup and the Blind Cricket World Cup.
· BRICS STI Brokerage Event
It will provide wider choice of services at competitive costs to the air-travelers and give a boost to domestic/international tourism and socio-economic development of Andhra Pradesh by bringing in international passengers and cargo traffic.
21. Expressing his appreciation for Prime Minister Modi’s vision to further accelerate India’s growth and development, His Highness the Emir expressed his confidence in India’s growth narrative.
PM to launch Gangajal Project to Provide Better and More Assured Water Supply PM to Address a Public Gathering in Agra
But it is also a fact that there are gap areas that remain un-addressed.
We spoke on many issues.
You have soaked our culture and made it your own.
Revered Bapu, put forth his ideas on various subjects like Farmers, villages, securing of labour rights, cleanliness and promoting of education.
I have long maintained that India needs scale, speed and skill.
Under Pradhan Mantri Urja Ganga Yojana, Varanasi, Bhubaneshwar, Cuttack, Patna, Ranchi and Jamshedpur are being connected through gas pipeline.
The Agriculture Export Policy has the following vision:
The Prime Minister said that the Chabahar port, being developed with Indian participation in Iran, would further spur the growth of Kandla Port.
The Centre could contribute to achieving Sustainable Development Goal-14 (SDG 14) related to building marine scientific research capacity in geographical area of the Centre responsibility which will also fulfill the commitments to support Small Island Developing States, Least Developed Countries.
The Maldives is one of the very few countries with which India has a visa free arrangement.
Name : Shri C.R.Chaudhary
You know it, don’t you?
Truth is one, sages call it by different names.
National Mission on Transformative Mobility and Storage:
In this mega festival of faith, veneration of the rising sun and worship of the setting sun convey a message that is replete with unparalleled Sanskar.
It will provide opportunity to aspiring youth across the country to have access to highly skilled training, and enhance the scope of accountability through its linkage with industry and global competitiveness across sectors.
Friends, today our country is at another crucial juncture of history.
Hon’ble Members of Parliament of Sri Lanka
The traditionally close and cordial relations have their historical roots in the common struggle for liberation from foreign rule and the national struggle for independence.
I am also very excited about my remaining stay in Myanmar.
Am looking forward to address the 40th AGM of the USIBC and meet US business leaders who have, over the past two years, shown renewed confidence in the India.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the foundation.
My relation with HH Pramukh Swami Maharaj was a special one.
i) Both countries shall be entitled to designate one or more airlines.
GST has brought this revolutionary change.
It is heartening to note that last August, when Kerala was passing through the worst floods in a hundred years, BPCL Kochi Refinery was kept running against all odds.
Oleg BeloserovPresident of Russian Railways
We are fortunate to have in our cultural and historical heritage from a Sudarshan Chakradhari Mohan to Charkhadhari Mohan.
In addition, all ASHA workers and their helpers would be provided free insurance cover under Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana and Prime Minister Suraksha Bima Yojana.
This world class institute will be set up at an eight acre campus allocated by Government of Kerala.
In Berlin, Chancellor Merkel and I will interact with top business leaders of both the countries to further strengthen our trade and investment ties.
Impressed by mere superficial glitter we have started enjoying touring foreign countries only.
In particular, President Solih highlighted the pressing need for increased housing and infrastructure development as well as for establishing water and sewerage systems in the outlying islands.
Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep were caught unaware by the sudden and unprecedented cyclone ‘Ockhi’ in the Arabian Sea on 30th November which claimed 88 lives including 70 in Kerala and 18 in Tamil Nadu while many are still reported missing in the sea.
What did Mhatre Ji do in Sonal’s marriage?
PM lauded the role of Kochi refinery and said it is making a great contribution towards Ujjwala Yojana, by doubling the LPG production with the help of the recent expansion”.
Both leaders reaffirmed the strength and closeness of the multifaceted strategic partnership between India and Afghanistan.
2. Establishment of joint agriculture clusters in Uzbekistan;
The India-UK Cancer Research Initiative sets forth a roadmap for catalysing collaborations that align the best researchers, scientists, healthcare organizations and institutions to a multi-disciplinary research platform leading to high value, low cost outcomes for cancer care.
It is the birthday of our former President, Dr. Radhakrishnan ji.
The month of January is the period of the northward movement of the Earth on the celestial orbit around sun and in this month Makar-Sankranti is also celebrated.
The decision will lead to monetization of enemy shares that had been lying dormant for decades since coming into force and the Enemy Property Act in 1968.
A TB-free world is a wonderful service to humanity.
This is our new India.
Only those who live for the sake of national interest can make such decisions.
Impressed by the bold initiative of these farmers, the administration has also linked this to the National Livelihood Mission.
Some data is collected and published by certain agencies including the Labour Bureau, but the coverage is very small.
In everything associated with it like cuisine or attire, traditional norms are adhered to.
Of the 19 new Ministers inducted today from 10 States, 15 have past legislative experience in the Parliament and in State Legislatures with 10 of them having served in central and state governments as Ministers and officials..
The two operational agreements signed today will facilitate the construction and upgrading of 69 bridges and the Kalewa-Yargi road section of the Trilateral Highway Project.
In order to avail benefits from Switzerland in the fields of vocational education and skill, both countries took a joint initiative in the form of SkillSonics; more than five thousand Indians have taken advantage of this initiative.
He was accompanied by a high-level delegation of senior officials of the Government of India and a large business delegation.
Lohdi is celebrated in Punjab and North-India, while UP-Bihar eagerly await for Khichdi and Til-Sankranti.
We are also working towards water conservation, he added.
Laying the foundation stone of Defence Corridor, PM told that the Defence corridor in Jhansi Agra stretch would create a lot of direct and indirect employment to the youths of this region.
If only for five minutes, give yourself a break.
One should be more responsible while conducting themselves.
But I would like to request you all to get proper sleep.
It is spread over 26 acres of A-1 Defence land.
All this is having a good impact on expansion of job market and rise in purchasing power of the people.
2nd BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement Governing Council Meeting (6 October 2016, Washington) 42.
Central University of Jharkhand, Ranchi
Nor will you be arrogant of your success.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing and ratifying an Agreement between India and Uruguay regarding Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters.
We have committed to complete this task sooner than anticipated.
For example, precision medicine using the tools of gene-technologies is now a reality.
Both of these are emerging as the main centers of education.
We admire the start up eco-system in your country.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi inaugurated the New Building of National Museum of Indian Cinema in Mumbai today.
You will be astonished to know that Sanskrit is a language that possesses the capacity for infinite word formation with two thousand verb roots, 200 suffixes & 22 prefixes; coupled with compounds, the possibility of word-creation is limitless.
We can be free ourselves of various burdens just by paying a fine.
He gave the example of Padma Awards to say how processes can be transformed to recognise hitherto unknown heroes of society.
Therefore, this delegation of powers will expedite the decision making process on awarding blocks and give a boost to the initiative of ease of doing business.
He said the theme – Beyond Politics: Defining National Priorities – is an extremely important one.
West Asian association included Muslims, Christians, Zoroastrians, as also a group of Jews who signed in Judeo-Persian and possibly also in Arabic and Pahlavi (Middle Persian).
Think of Lord Shiva and the picture that comes to mind is that of his majestic presence at Mount Kailash, in the mighty Himalayas.
The presence of toilets in some houses and the absence of the same in the others used to create a division.
Prime Minister also spoke about the various initiatives taken by the State Government and Union government for the development of Gujarat, like water supply schemes, electricity for all, infrastructure development, housing for all and schemes for poor.
In order to take them forward, we should move forward with this duty.
BRICS Digital Conclave 16.
India is ready to join you in this journey.
He also used to say that we, Indians may be from different background but, yes, we shall have to keep the national interest above all the other things.
He appreciated the strong bipartisan support of the US Congress in deepening the partnership between India and the United States.
Second, we must demonstrate strong collective will to defeat terror networks that cause bloodshed and spread fear.
In this context, he mentioned the improvement in ease of doing business.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, beneficiaries of various agricultural schemes explained howvarious government schemes helped improve production.
f) To encourage public and the private sectors to invest in tourism.
Yoga is a guarantee of wellness and fitness both.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that this gathering of farmers would pave the way for new technology to be imbibed and better opportunities to be created in the agriculture sector.
This will create many job opportunities.
He expressed happiness that an insight into the vast treasure of Laxman’s work is now available in this way.
The Agreement will stimulate flow of investment, technology and personnel from India to HKSAR & vice versa, prevent double taxation and provide for exchange of information between the two Contracting Parties.
In the coal sector, discussions focused on further augmentation of production capacity.
You too must be busy with preparations… the significance, the merit of 21st June, International Yog Day has been accepted & welcomed globally.
We were honoured to host all 54 countries – over 40 at Heads of State and Government level – at the third Africa-India Forum Summit in October 2015.
The revamped Khelo India Programme would impact the entire sports ecosystem, including infrastructure, community sports, talent identification, coaching for excellence, competition structure and sports economy.
The Prime Minister released a commemorative postage stamp on Deekshabhoomi of Dr. Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar.
• When terrorism & extremism have become the most destructive force of our times, message of Sufism has global relevance: PM
On his arrival, the Maltese PM and his delegation were received by Shri OP Kohli, Governor of Gujarat.
And, steps are being taken to put into operation the Coastal Shipping Agreement.
The text of Prime Minister’s op-ed in ASEAN newspapers can be accessed at the following links:
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following:
He said this is an initiative that should make every Gujarati proud.
I take this opportunity to assure my friends from Africa that India will be happy to support them in developing their gems and jewellery sector, and in training their technicians.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of vital infrastructure projects in the railway, road and power sectors, spread over several states including Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Odisha, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra.
The development of financial services and products in IFSCs would require focussed and dedicated regulatory interventions.
a. To monitor the implementation of the Act;
The number of successful space missions attempted since the country’s independence till 2014 have been equal to those successfully completed in the past four years.
The MoU was signed on 11th July, 2016 at Nairobi during the visit of the Prime Minister of India.
I know that this is just one example of various works being done in the fields of environmental conservation and sustainability.
The signing of Memorandum of Understanding with Romania will be instrumental in increasing arrival from this source market.
CSCs have successfully developed Village Level Entrepreneurs (VLE) in rural areas and created job opportunities for more than 10 Lakh people.
Among those who have got the opportunity to accomplish that task are being honoured today.
The amount will be given to the next of kin of the victim.
Vacant posts of Mechanical Cadre will be utilized for filling up the same by Civil Engineers thereby merging the Mechanical Cadre with the Civil Cadre in a phased manner so that this shall not have any adverse impact on the present incumbents.
New avenues are emerging for middle class families and youth in the field of health.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means to grow and prosper.
India and Italy aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues on the basis of mutual benefit equality and reciprocity.
And I am happy that we could manage to do the same.
i. The Ministry of Mines will carry out auctioning of identified exploration blocks for exploration by private sector on revenue sharing basis in case their exploration leads to auctionable resources.
When we create more employment opportunities, we empower the youth to improve his future.
52. The leaders agreed to intensify people-to-people exchanges and facilitate increased travel of tourists, business persons, students and researchers between India and the EU.
Then one day I said that this was being talked about.
Positive thoughts beget positive resolve, positive resolve takes you forward towards auspicious results.
Therefore, considering the inflation and wage increase even in case of employees engaged in private sector, the Government is of the view that the entitlement of gratuity should be revised for employees who are covered under the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972.
Indians make up the third-largest group of tourists in Singapore.
You are the only developing country which hosts the headquarters of UN agencies.
Think of Goddess Parvati and you remember the beautiful Kanyakumari, which is surrounded by the vast oceans.
My heartfelt condolences to the families who have lost their near and dear ones in this hour of grief.
It will also result in exchange of information in the relevant fields of disaster management which is of mutual interest.
Accelerating innovation driven entrepreneurship and business creation through Start-ups is crucial for large-scale employment generation.
He added that several announcement were made in the Budget to this effect.
· It would increase the scope of cooperation between India and EBRD through co-financing opportunities in manufacturing, services, Information Technology, and Energy.
India and Japan pursue space cooperation for more than 5 decades and carried out studies in the field of atmospheric study, observation of universe and scientific investigation in remote sensing.
Laying the foundation stone of ‘Battles of Panipat Museum’, the PM said that the battle of Panipat is a living example of ‘Ek Bharat, Shreshta Bharat’.
The Prime Minister will also address a select gathering on this occasion.
He was a prolific writer, authoring several books in Hindi and English.
• Dedication of Doubling of 13.5 km Barpali-Dungaripali and Balangir-Deogaon road line.
He said that the steps taken by the Government are also playing a key role in job creation.
He said top government officials have the collective vision and capabilities to overcome challenges.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi attended Dussehra Celebrations at Madhav Das Park near Red Fort in Delhi, today.
I always believe that Divyang brothers and sisters are capable, strongly determined, courageous and possess tremendous resolve.
This people to people contact is a big contribution of Akashvani.
We are celebrating this Independence Day in a positive atmosphere amidst such positive chain of events.
India’s ranking is now up by 111 places on ‘Getting Electricity’ parameter of World Bank.
And again after that you went to Russia via Afghanistan, you made an unexpected visit to Nawaz Sharif in Lahore.
Many of them stayed and contributed to the economic development of Kenya.
Only after that comes the verse “ Om Shanti Shanti”.
The tunnel will reduce travel time to Tawang by an hour and boost tourism and related economic activities in the region.
As we approach this big milestone, we are both committed to advance our engagement on several fronts.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris.
This is the most virtuous task for a person.
(i) Creation of 46 Posts to be operated as Reserves
d) Insolvency
The Prime Minister said that the aim is to make India a 5 trillion dollar economy in the shortest possible time.
The Medical College will benefit the students, especially those of tribal and rural areas of the two UTs, which will promote social equity.
This is one more step towards promotion of Inland Water Transport sector as a cost effective, logistically efficient and environment friendly sector which would contribute in diverting traffic from the over congested roads and railways and offer an incentive and provide certainty for private companies to invest in the sector.
17.Reiterated their strong condemnation of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
i. Integrated Disease Surveillance
We also connect aspirations with achievements, optimism with opportunities and hope with happiness.
My dear countrymen 30th January is the death anniversary of revered Bapu.
They acknowledged the importance of this Alliance in advancing new solar technologies worldwide.
There will be no compromise with terrorism.
There will be no soil, no plants and trees will grow; how will human life be possible?
3.00 ~ 4.30 million tons per annum
Recently, All India Radio got a survey done on ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
The MoU will encourage participation in the transport of goods between the countries, and also from third countries.
Yogiji used to say that he didn’t want to breathe last on a hospital bed.
The upgradation programme is carried out in selected Government Medical Colleges (GMCs) by agencies appointed by the Government of India under the direct supervision of the Central Government.
Earlier today, I had the pleasure of meeting President Obama and we shared our thoughts on a wide range of issues concerning our two nations.
The combination of infrastructure and efficiency is vital for the port sector to thrive, he said, adding that the Kandla Port has emerged as one of the finest in Asia.
You will witness for yourself the ensuing change.
The destiny, the future of the country shall be brighter, let us move ahead with this belief.
Mahatma Gandhi used to say, “No Science has dropped from the skies in a perfect form.
Given global uncertainties, India also needs energy security.
Subhash Babu had a distinct style of opening a broadcast.
19. This brings me to an achievement that I think even our worst critics do not dispute.
Narendra Modi during the interaction said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana- National Rural Livelihood Mission has been started in all states.
Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of 1640 m span double lane bridge over River Chenab at Sajwal.
Just imagine, what will happen if there is no fertile soil in the world?
“I will be visiting the Netherlands on 27 June 2017.
The two leaders will leave for Mirzapur, where they shall inaugurate a solar power plant, before returning to Varanasi.
The Prime Minister welcomed the delegation and stressed the importance of such linkages.
Political democracy cannot survive without a base of social democracy.”
In the first phase, physical infrastructure will be developed and plots will be leased from third year onwards.
Optimal utilization of land and waterfront at the disposal of the Major Ports is of critical importance in this context.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to social reformer Sree Narayana Guru on his Jayanti.
This is a Buddhist temple built in the early 12th century.
Their grit & determination; their resolve to overcome all odds in the path of success is indeed inspiring for all our countrymen.
Additional Secretary, Ministry of Housing & Urban Affairs(MoHUA), Govt. of India;
The ten questions in the Survey are as follows:
Sakal ji, I have conveyed your sentiments to our listeners.
India is one of the largest manufacturers of pharmaceutical products in the world.
Free hand has been given to security forces to act:PM
Along the way, from dialogue partners, ASEAN and India have become strategic partners.
ii. Enable payment linkages-cooperation between Unified Payment Interface (DPI) and Fast And Secure Transfer (FAST) digital fund transfer platforms;
iv. AAl will also handover at least 2000 sqm. of land at Dahisar in advance on temporary basis.
Government has also almost doubled the budget provision for agricultural sector (2014-2019) to Rs. 2,12,000crore compared to Rs. 1,21,000 during thepast five years of the previous government.
The two leaders discussed bilateral, regional and global matters of mutual interest.
“Strongly condemn the terror attack in New York City.
The Prime Minister said that with the vision of “New India” skill development is a top priority for India’s 800 million strong talented youth.
Lays foundation stone for ESIC Multi speciality Hospital at Tiruppur
I am happy to be a part of this august gathering of global leaders and decision makers of the food processing sector.
At the outset, PM paid tributes to Late Shri Ramesh Yadav from Varanasi, who laid down his life for the country during the Pulwama terror attack.
In this context, he mentioned the India-Africa Forum Summit in New Delhi in 2015.
Inclusion of Nocte, Tangsa, Tutsa, Wancho – Existing entry is of ‘Any Naga Tribes’.
Towards this end, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
India’s per capita income has doubled in the last ten years.
The merger is likely to result in recurring savings, estimated at more than Rs. 1,000 crore in the first year, through a combination of enhanced operational efficiency and reduced cost of funds.
He said that people can learn more about the scheme by dialling 14555, or through their Common Service Centre.
In an effort to connect all state capitals of North East states, Itanagar has also been connected with the Railways.
Can we link Indian traditions with the future of mankind?
This provides institutional credit to the farmers and disengages them from non-institutional sources of credit, where they are prone to exploitation by private money lenders.
As we get ready to celebrate ‘Women’s Day’ this 8th March, there is only one sentiment: –
Being neighbours across Indian Ocean, President and I agreed to deepen our overall defence and security partnership, especially in the maritime domain.
In a small country like Singapore, programs were organised in 70 places, with a week long campaign.
My dear friends, I have already said that your patriotism is no less than mine.
This combination of the unique satvik qualities of Saints, and the energy and enthusiasm of the young people assembled here is a symbol of the real strength of India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and U.K. on Cancer Research Initiative.
32. The two sides agreed to work together with other Indian Ocean Rim Countries for enhancing maritime security, vital for the security and prosperity of both countries and safe passage for international trade.
Requisite funds for purchase of the aforesaid number of VVPAT Units were provided by the Government as and when requested by the Election Commission.
A week before that you also signed the historic Chabahar Port Agreement with Iran.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) titled Joint Declaration of Intent between India and Germany on Cooperation in the field of Civil Aviation.
We wish to build land, sea and air connectivity to this dynamic region.
The Prime Minister said that in the policy and planning of the Government, care is being taken to ensure that savings accrue to the poor and the middle class, even as their lives change for the better.
Every country represented here is engaged in its own way for protecting the interests of their consumers.
It is said that our Vedas have detailed reference on Mantras, onways & means to counter the challenges of global warming.
I too am making a separate arrangement for their experiences on the Narendra Modi App to ensure that you can read it.
The proposal includes undertaking of activities like:
The notification for bringing into force Article 279A with effect from 12th September, 2016 was issued on 10th September, 2016.
They guide us to overcome inherent weaknesses of both body and mind.
Have you observed the way I have frequently used terms such as ‘the best ever’ or ‘new, unprecedented record’?
Among its participants are United Nations, Union and State Governments, industry, and non-government organizations.
The community service efforts of the Kendra are commendable and inspiring.
It is as simple as sending WhatsApp messages on the mobile.
The two sides acknowledged positive transformation of economies of India and Saudi Arabia.
Recently, National Geographic’s Greendex Report of 2014 which assesses the environmental sustainability of consumer choice, ranked India at the top for its greenest consumption pattern.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on his Mahaparinirvan Diwas.
The proposed terms of references of the Commission are as follows:
Each Indian who plays any game or has interest in any game has a definite interest in Hockey.
Our country, our military, our brave-hearts, our uniformed forces, be it any force, not just the army, air force or navy, all the uniformed forces, whenever they were called upon to do so, they showed their valour, their strength; our brave-hearts never turned their back in making the supreme sacrifice.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Saurabh Chaudhary on winning gold in Men’s 10m Air Pistol event at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta – Palembang, Indonesia
4. During the official meetings, the two sides recalled the historical ties between India and Qatar and noted that the mutually beneficial and traditionally close interaction, which has existed between the peoples of the two countries over several generations, had stood the test of time.
Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memoranda of Understanding (MoUs) signed between India and:
22,000 rural haats will be upgraded with necessary infrastructure, and integrated with APMC and the e-NAM platform.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the signing and ratification of the Extradition Treaty between India and Afghanistan.
Talking about ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’, Prime Minister said that the scheme is playing a central role in creating a healthy India.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri Ram Nath Kovind on being elected the President of India.
Gas connections in their 55 years was 12 crore, it is 13 crore in 55 months.
The Prime Minister said that three new states were formed, under Vajpayee ji’s leadership, without any trace of bitterness.
He said the health assurance scheme – Ayushman Bharat would be rolled out soon.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Cuba on cooperation in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine and Homeopathy.
Hence, building connectivity with ASEAN is a key objective for India.
He said that those having self-confidence and self-belief will not easily fall prey to drugs use.
You will be surprised to know that there are some shell companies operating from a single address.
Investment generated from @InvestJharkhand will create several opportunities for people of the state and give wings to their aspirations.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the revised Air Services Agreement (ASA) with Malaysia.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Solapur in Maharashtra tomorrow.
What goals is the gems and jewellery industry setting for itself by that date?
We are partners in your concerns over the loss of lives of security forces and innocent people due to the extremist violence in Rakhine State.
The establishment of the new AIIMS will create capital assets for which requisite specialized manpower will be created, based on the pattern of the six new AIIMS, for their maintenance and upkeep.
India and Canada have a longstanding close relationship, based on shared values of democracy, pluralism, equality for all and rule of law.
The prospect of rapid growth places a large responsibility on India’s energy sector.
REAFFIRMING our commitment to guide ASEAN-India Dialogue Relations by the principles, purposes, shared values and norms enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations, the Treaty of Amity and Cooperation in Southeast Asia (TAC), the Declaration of the East Asia Summit on the Principles for Mutually Beneficial Relations, and the Vision Statement adopted at the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit to mark the 20th Anniversary of ASEAN-India Dialogue Relations on 20 December 2012; and supporting the ASEAN Charter;
He is a person who loves the country.
From first of January this year, beginning with airports in Delhi and Bengaluru, we have also set up special counters at immigration points in our airports for OCI Card holders.
It was twenty years ago.
Utilisation of public health facilities is a specific target.
The talent of Bhajju Shyam ji, who made India proud in many nations abroad, was also recognized and he was awarded the Padma Shri.
Today, the entire country, the youth, women, the marginalized, the underprivileged, the middle class, in fact every section has awakened to a new confidence … YES, we can go forward, the country can take great strides.
He said that funds accruing to the District Mineral Foundations (DMFs) should be utilized to strategically focus upon and eliminate major development issues or deficits that these districts currently face.
As we look to the future of this exciting partnership with Israel, I am filled with hope and optimism.
On that day, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji had given the mantra – “Jai-Jawan Jai-Kisan, Jai-Vigyan.’
The National Salt Satyagraha Memorial, dedicated to the nation by the Prime Minister on January 30, 2019, recreates the spirit and the energy of one of the defining moments of India’s freedom struggle.
Background:-
To allow entry of capital and technology, we have worked hard on opening our economy.
In 1968, Udupi become the first such Municipal Corporation, which had put a ban on manual scavenging.
He shall also unveil a plaque to mark the commencement of coal production and transportation from Dulanga coal mines.
One such demand is for the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana in their respective areas.
Our friendship has been nurtured by our shared cultural and civilizational linkages.
We must protect and build on the gains of the last fifteen years and march ahead.
The Prime Minister said, that people now say that the 21st century is Asia’s century.
Foundation Stone of Jhansi City Drinking Water Scheme Phase-II under AMRUT will also be laid by the PM.
Let no one take it away from you.
The Prime Minister said that in an interconnected and interdependent world – Spain and India can work together both for mutual benefit, and for the benefit of the world at large.
“The teachings of Lord Buddha are extremely relevant in the 21st century.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi met the Chief Executive of Afghanistan, Dr. Abdullah Abdullah today afternoon.
It has resulted in heightened awareness among the general public.
4. Reduction in Out Of Pocket Expenditure (OOPE) on health care.
The train comprises of three tier air conditioned coaches and will provide overnight service between Nagpur and Pune.
They are also of significance to the entire neighbourhood.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding between India and Belarus for cooperation in the field of Vocational Education and Training (VET).
C. Faculty Development Programme for Vocational Education (New)
I am concerned about your children’s exams as much as you are, but I am not worried.
All this is also leading to increase in job creation.
He exhorted the gathering to work towards achieving the target of a Top 50 position in EoDB rankings.
Greater connectivity of these islands with South East Asia was also discussed.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the entrepreneurs who have made good use of the Mudra Loans.
Stating health as a priority of the Union Government, PM said that the government is building quality health care infrastructure throughout the country, from Wellness Centres to Medical Colleges.
The revised Cost Estimate is Rs. 13,990 crore for establishment of eight new IITs over a period of 11 years from 2008-09 to 2018-19.
While this was not an original goal of Girinka, it has evolved to become a significant aspect of the program.
Our policies are focussed on improving India’s long term economic and social prospects, rather than on short term headlines.
Tagore Award for Cultural Harmony was instituted by the Government from 2012 during the commemoration of the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore.
The amendment in Section-4, Section-5, Section-6, Section-9, Section-14, Section-15 and Section-42 of Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, 2012, is made to address the aspects of child sexual abuse in appropriate manner.
He will deliver an address on the occasion.
He congratulated the people of Jammu Kashmir for making the state Open Defecation Free by September 2018 itself.
ARNAB: How close can we get to them?
Stricter provisions for helmets have been introduced along with provisions for electronic detection of violations.
iii.In those CPSEs for which the Government has approved restructuring/ revival plan, the wage revision will be done as per the provisions of the approved restructuring / revival plan only.
The MoU would benefit Indian SMEs and lead to equitables and inclusive development.
Others may feel more comfortable supporting through contributions made to Swachh Bharat, Namami Gange and others.
Power of Officers to impound documents
Addressing on the occasion, he said that in keeping up with its commitment towards equal opportunity for all and for the development – Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikaas is the way forward for New India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with scholars and economists who are participating in the Neemrana Conference 2016.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Swapping of 10.25 acres of land belonging to Airports Authority of India (AAI) at Rajahmundry Airport with equivalent extent of land belonging to Govt. of Andhra Pradesh.
2. MoC with the Joint Stock Company “Russian Railways” (RZD) on technical cooperation in the field of railways.
The government has an expectation of constructive cooperation from all political parties in this matter.
38. Prime Minister Modi expressed his sincere gratitude to His Highness the Emir for the warm welcome and gracious hospitality.
When india took up the international solar mission and 122 nations joined it, the island nations benefitted the most out of it.
MoU between Indian Council of Agricultural Research, New Delhi, India and Belarusian State Agricultural Academy, Gorki, Belarus for Cooperation in Agricultural Research and Education
Interacting with the Probationers, the Prime Minister emphasized the importance of working with dedication, to perform with distinction, the various roles and responsibilities that they would be looking after.
He will begin his visit to the State by offering prayers at the Shri Manjunatha Swamy Temple at Dharmasthala.
4. Pre-financing for the agreed schemes, to the extent of half of the second instalment amount, will be made by the State Governments, which will be reimbursed later on from the central funding.
In France, yoga was performed in the vicinity of the Eiffel Tower.
I am confident that my visit to Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore will provide a further boost to our Act East Policy and enhance our relations and engagements with all the three countries.”
He said that relative backwardness of some regions is an injustice to the people of those regions.
Similarly, he mentioned the initiative taken by doctors across the country to treat poor pregnant women free of cost on the 9th of every month.
Demonetisation is an example.
• The Mission will recommend and drive the strategies for transformative mobility and Phased Manufacturing Programmes for EVs, EV Components and Batteries.
This is the time which is Peak season for colleges.
There is an additional expenditure of Rs. 1.8 crores per annum approximately involved in the above Cadre Review proposal.
The Prime Minister quoted Hindi poets Makhanlal Chaturvedi and Ramdhari Singh Dinkar, praising the glorious traditions of sacrifice of the Indian Armed Forces.
He added that his Government will ensure that for all the projects for which foundation stone is laid by him will be inaugurated by him.
This MoU shall enable the areas of cooperation such as, space science, technology and applications including remote sensing of the earth; satellite communication and satellite based navigation; Space science and planetary exploration; use of spacecraft and space systems and ground system; and application of space technology.
In this regard, they reiterated the importance of peaceful resolution of these issues through dialogue and political negotiations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the Sardar Sarovar Dam to the nation.
· 4th Round of the BRICS Policy Planning Consultations
Creating a Harmonious World: by promoting ideologies, practices, and heritage that are centered on peaceful coexistence and living in harmony with nature.
The total estimated cost will be Rs.1,009.6 crore.
India expressed its aspiration to broaden cooperation with the Eurasian Economic Union.
The results of our collective efforts thus far have been hard-won, but mixed.
g) Cooperation and coordinating in international forums and organizations concerned with tourism affairs.
India applauds your achievements.
· It is envisaged that IICA will be an Institute of National importance thereby becoming an engine of growth leading to increased economic activity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed Civil Servants on the occasion of Civil Services Day.
He mentioned the National Nutrition Mission, launched on International Women’s Day.
Not many would know that Ramanujacharya relentlessly struggled against rampant social evils such as the class divide, the chasm between touchable and untouchables and the caste system.
Calling for increased efficiency, and more effective redressal of consumer grievances, the Prime Minister asked the officials for a comprehensive review of the nature of issues, and work towards fixing responsibility and identifying solutions for them.
He said the brand of Amul is known globally, and has become an inspiration worldwide.
The Chartered Accountants Act, 1949, to regulate the profession of Chartered Accountancy in India.
Today is July 4, exactly 41 years since Operation Entebbe.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned some priority areas of research such as raising agricultural income, solutions for chronic and genetic diseases such as sickle cell anaemia, waste management and cyber security.
He said that at international platforms, such as G-20 and United Nations, India has raised issues which affect the entire world, such as terrorism, black money and corruption.
He strongly condemned the use of violence in the name of faith, and said this will not be accepted in India.
At an event, our tricolour was unfurled at the very site where Netaji Subhash Bose had unfurled it exactly 75 years ago.
• Promoting the applicability of international law to state conduct in cyberspace and further exploring how it applies to state conduct in cyberspace.
1.At the invitation of His Excellency Mr. Enrique Peña Nieto, President of the United Mexican States, His Excellency Mr. Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India paid a working visit to Mexico on 8th June 2016, with the objective to continue the dialogue held by the two leaders on the margins of the 70thregular session of the United Nations General Assembly on 28th September 2015.
Sports enhance teamwork.
I, once again convey my best wishes to all.
The Prime Minister said that three lakh Common Service Centres spread across the rural areas today, are transforming lives in the villages, by enabling efficient and transparent service delivery.
Daughters of the country have done her proud by circumnavigating the globe through the NavikaSagarParikrama.
In our existing budget calendar, the authorization of expenditure comes with the onset of the monsoon.
12. Any other form of cooperation as mutually agreed between the Parties.
“Extremely saddened by the demise of Shri Jagdish Thakkar, the PRO in the PMO.
The unique festival Chhath Pooja is deeply linked with nature & worshiping nature.
It would also contribute towards strengthening the information sharing framework between the two.
1. organization of youth exchange programmes;
How will you get there?
It will contribute to the objective of Food Security through infusion of new technologies in fisheries and aquaculture.
Just like last year, can’t you gift on the occasion of Raksha Bandhan Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojna or Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojna to mothers and sisters of our country.
Sometimes people who write in from different corners of the country say, “We should not haggle beyond limits with marginal shopkeepers, auto drivers, vegetable sellers et al”.
He quoted Swami Vivekananda to invoke the importance of self-confidence, to deal with examination stress and anxiety.
On 1 June, I will call on Singapore President Halimah Yacob.
The option of strategic sale will be explored for HAL and BCPL.
The India BPO promotion scheme and the separate BPO promotion scheme for the Northeast, started under Digital India will create new employment opportunities to over two lakh people in North East and in rural areas.
He will interact with the Indian origin and expatriate Indian community of Myanmar during his stay in Yangon.
An Interim Council will be constituted within 6 months of passing of the Act holding charge for a period of two years until the establishment of the Central Council.
Come, imbued with renewed inspiration, renewed zeal, renewed resolution, new accomplishments, loftier goals – let’s move on, keep moving, change oneself and change the country too.
auto-motive parts, cosmetics and medicines.
It’s the confidence of the country.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the creation of one post of Director in the basic pay of Rs. 2,25,000/- (fixed) plus NPA but not exceeding Rs.2,37,500/- each for new AIIMS at Rae Bareli (Uttar Pradesh), Gorakhpur (Uttar Pradesh), Bathinda (Punjab), Guwahati (Assam), Bilaspur (Himachal Pradesh) and Deoghar (Jharkhand).
The share of GoTN included cost of Land and R&R of Rs. 203 crore.
Bilateral Cooperation in ICT domain both B2B and G2G will be enhanced.
First, the cost of 850 essential medicines were regulated and the prices of heart stent and equipment for knee surgery were reduced.
Our coming together is a sign of our unshakeable resolve to place the needs of our peoples in the forefront.
Swachhata needs a revolution of ideas as well; and competition gives a platform of ideas to the concept of Swachhata, he said.
And as in our villages, our elders, the old people of the village are always reminding us – forget the sorrow but also do not forget the joy.
Khadi was a subject that Mahatma Gandhi brought to the core of India’s consciousness during the freedom struggle.
He welcomed greater US investment in the manufacturing sector in India, and invited US companies to explore opportunities for Make-in-India.
He urged the officers to turn the Gyan Sangam into a Karma Sangam, so that the ideas generated from this conference lead to concrete action on the ground.
But, you did not find any damage anywhere.
Then, there is an issue of redundancy, that is, no alternate media is available in case of any emergency.
Stressing on the importance of transport connectivity, Prime Minister said that it is a medium for prosperity, empowerment and accessibility.
Shri Anil Madhav Dave was a true social worker widely known for his empathy for the poor and under-privileged.
He stayed in opposition for so long, yet his ideals remained untouched, the Prime Minister said.
The course which we have adopted is one of progress and development.
On 15th August, 2017, they unfurled the tricolour at Khardungla, in Ladakh.
Information may be disclosed to any other person or entity or authority or jurisdiction with the prior written consent of the information sending country.
Prime Minister conveyed satisfaction at the expanded and strengthened strategic partnership between India and the United States over the past two years that has opened up new vistas for collaboration.
India and South Africa mutually agreed to jointly issue Postage Stamps on India-South Africa: Joint Issue on the theme “125th Year of Mahatma Gandhi’s Pietermaritzburg Station Incident & Birth Centenary of Nelson Mandela”.
He described the smooth rollout and implementation of GST as a prime example of this.
And therefore it is necessary to remember that ‘a happy mind is the secret for a good mark sheet’!
Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji was also in jail at that time.
I fondly recall the modest launch of this event in 2003.
They agreed to start consultations to establish and operate a state-of-the-art hospital in Nay Pyi Taw in association with one of the leading Indian hospital groups, based on modalities to be mutually decided.
Mr. Lok Darshan Regmi, Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs
The grant of a formal degree in Information Technology, Engineering or Ph.D will enhance the prospects of the graduating students in the job market and will also enable the Institutes to attract enough students required to develop a strong research base in the country in the field of information technology.
We live in an era in which connectivity is all-important, he said, adding that just inaugurated metro line would serve not just the present, but also future generations.
In India too, the International Yoga Day was celebrated at over 1 lakh places, with a lot of fervour and enthusiasm in myriad forms and hues, and in an atmosphere of gaiety.
We exchanged views on international political, security and global economic-financial issues, as well as challenges facing sustainable development.
The Prime Minister said that the definition of development has changed.
We need to strengthen, not separate, these threads of unity and harmony.
The Prime Minister said that a treasure of historical documentation has come up in his tenure.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Government does not believe in making schemes for a vote-bank, or schemes to win elections.
The NMEP will benefit the entire mineral sector across the country.
He will inaugurate a state-of-the-art Command and Control Centre for the Kumbh Mela.
When it is summer or mango season in India, it is winter here, and vice versa.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of the King of Thailand H.M. Bhumibol Adulyadej.
Not just the speed of work, but actual experience of progress
During this period, bank employees have worked day and night.
He also thanked President Museveni and the people of Uganda, for the honour to address the Parliament of Uganda on Wednesday.
The Prime Minister said, ” On the NM Mobile App http://nm4.in/dnldapp , take the pledge and express your commitment towards building a new India.
We have also introduced Pradhan MantriMatruVandanaYojana, that is expected to benefit more than 50 million Pregnant Women and lactating mothers.
The objective is to accelerate the implementation of the National Rural Livelihood Mission, so as to cover two-thirds of all rural households in North Eastern States by 2023-24.
I want to work for the poor, the marginalised and the downtrodden.
Inauguration of Ahmedabad Shopping Festival-2019 at the Sabarmati Riverfront by the PM was yet another attraction.
It would support in expediting therecruitment process which would be beneficial for the agrarian community andagriculture at large.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the introduction of a Bill namely The Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order (Amendment) Bill, 2018 in the Parliament for certain amendments in the Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order, 1950 so as to modify the list of Scheduled Tribes (STs) of Arunachal Pradesh.
We have made Doing Business Easier.
Bhusaval- Bandra Khandesh Express Train was flagged off by PM through video link.
The news being received these days is that there are preparations afoot in the whole world to celebrate 21st June as International Yoga Day.
• From agriculture to health care; • From culture to commerce; • From tradition to trade; • From Industry to Institution building; • From Investment to Information technology; • From mining to manufacturing; • From Sports to Science and Technology; and • From Defence to Development.
It received a further boost with the adoption of a Joint Statement for defining the ‘Vision for the India-Indonesia New Strategic Partnership over the coming decade’ during the visit of the President of Indonesia to India in January 2011 and adoption of a 5-pronged initiative for strengthening the Strategic Partnership in October 2013 during the visit of the Prime Minister of India.
India’s test was not only successful but in a way, India had demonstrated its might in the field of science and technology.
In the emblem of our National Human Rights Commission, the ideal mantra harking back to Vedic period- “SarveBhavantuSukhinah” is inscribed.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences on the sad demise of Cuban Leader Fidel Castro.‬
The MoU envisages cooperation between the two countries for application of space technologies in education, agriculture, weather forecasting, telecommunications, rural health, sanitation, urban development, resource mapping navigation, remote sensing and any other areas mutually agreed upon.
After Indonesia Open and Australia Open, this win has completed the triad of the super series premiere title.
There was telephone bargaining for minister posts.
The Diesel Locomotive Component Factory at Dankuni on Eastern Railway has been set up for manufacturing of 100 high horse power Diesel Locomotive under-frames per year and machining of 72 crank case per year to bridge the gap between loco production requirement and Diesel Locomotive Works/Varanasi’s own manufacturing and machining capacity.
Why were you trying to delay the motion
Thus, India’s foodgrain procurement programmes at Minimum Support Prices remain protected.
Due to addition of a new IIIT, amendment has to be made in the IIIT Act, 2014.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Bajrang Punia on winning Gold in 65 kg freestyle wrestling at Asian Games 2018.
The MoU will help deepen bilateral ties, mutual understanding and trust, eventually strengthening both sides in their capacity building efforts towards food safety.
The same set of experts who had earlier dubbed India as a ‘sleeping elephant’ are now saying that ‘sleeping elephant’ has woken up and started running.
There will be extensive debate in the Parliament on this issue and it will also reflect the ensuing benefits from the decision in the days to come.
He said that just as the baton is passed on from one athlete to the next in a relay race, with the ultimate objective of winning the race, similarly, the development baton passes on successively from one collector to the next.
Proud of team ISRO!”, the Prime Minister said.
Reliance on renewable energy, rather than on fossil fuels would be our guiding motto.
In South Africa, the Prime Minister will have bilateral meeting with the South African President and will attend the BRICS Summit and other BRICS related meetings.
We have seen during many such events where if the Indian players fail, the anger of the country is vented towards the players.
It aims to reach every household in the country with the message of the importance of optimum nutrition.
I congratulate the Finance Minister for tax concession to the salaried and middle class.
If accountability is there, if transparency is there, then there is an automatic change in the situation.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
The conversation was useful and forward looking.
It is our endeavor to have at least one medical college for covering three parliamentary constituencies across the country.
We are also two innovation societies.
After the successful completion of tenth CGD Bidding Round more than four hundred districts of the country will be connected for providing piped gas supply.
Moreover, there are a large number of medicinal plants, particularly those found in tropical region, which are common to the two countries given similar geo-climatic factors.
• strengthening institutional capacity at the State level through upgrading AYUSH educational institutions, State Govt, ASU&H Pharmacies,
The Union Government will constitute a High Level Committee, with representation from Ministries of the Government of India and the States, for proper management of the region’s vast water resources.
We recall the Third BIMSTEC Summit Declaration issued in Nay Pyi Taw on 04 March 2014, and wish to reiterate our deep commitment to BIMSTEC as an organization promoting regional cooperation and integration in the Bay of Bengal region.
He said the foundation stone of IARI laid today, had the potential to impact the entire region in a positive way in the future.
I see this as a win-win proposition for the U.S. and for India.
Now tourists will be able to enjoy their journey to Leh for a longer time.
Today, along with President Sirisena, we dedicate the renovated Durraiappah Stadium to the people of Sri Lanka.
· BRICS Science, Technology and Innovation Women’s Forum (Pretoria)
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has Congratulated Neeraj Chopra on winning Gold in the Men’s Javelin Throw Final at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta – Palembang, Indonesia.
It replaces the earlier MoU signed in January, 2008 which is going to expire in January, 2018.
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us.
The Amir Amanullah Khan medal is highest civilian honor of Afghanistan.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Youth Affairs and Sports, Col. RajyavardhanRathore, was present on the occasion.
While constructing the building, the Madhya Pradesh Government will adhere to all existing building bye-laws, Master Plan norms, etc.
Early adoption of the draft Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism will be an expression of our resolve to fight this menace.
The replica of these plates was made possible with the cooperation of the Paradesi Synagogue in Mattancherry, Kochi.
53. Our country has the world’s largest youth population.
Background:-
So first I would like to felicitate my young friends who put pressure on me, the result of which was that I held this meeting.
Many Indian CEOs are here with us.
A series of events and programs have been organized alongside the summit.
People start speculating about economic meltdown and what not.
The increase in domestic and international air travel in India combined with congestion at most airports, and the strong traffic growth at the 5 airports which were privatized over a decade ago has attracted the attention of several international operators and investors.
We, therefore, agree on the need for a secure and rule based Indo-Pacific.
We are also joined together in shaping the international context to support our common pursuits and endeavors.
When I have resolved to wage battle against them, they too come up with new tactics everyday to thwart the government’s efforts.
He spoke at length about other schemes including distribution of soil health cards, Mission Indradhanush and progress towards rural electrification targets, to show the speed and commitment of the Union Government in implementing public welfare initiatives.
If we had become an obstacle, then we would have had to explain to the world that we are not that obstacle.
He mentioned the scrapping of over 1200 laws by the Union Government.
It is also expected to generate wider participation of interested people who are motivated to work for the benefit of society.
24. We have to work for the progress of Jammu and Kashmir.
“Rani Lakshmibai is a source of inspiration for every Indian.
Makar Sankranti marks the transition of the Sun into the zodiac sign of Makara Rashi on its celestial path.
As far as the economy is concerned, hundreds of families start making Rakhis in small household units, many months before the festival of Rakhi.
He said India believes that the world is one family, and is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
In this regard, the Prime Minister also mentioned the government’s “Ek Bharat Srestha Bharat” initiative.
• The Bill has adequate provisions for disgorgement or repayment of deposits in cases where such schemes nonetheless manage to raise deposits illegally.
Export of iron ore under the LTAs would help to strengthen India’s bilateral ties with long-standing partner countries, Japan and South Korea secure an export market and result in inflow of foreign exchange.
Who would have drafted such rules?
This also gives us the motivation to further simplify our processes to become the easiest place to do business.
But despite this, I will keep trying.
These days I have noticed that some T.V. channels have begun setting aside some time for positive news.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy for training and education in the fields of Labour and Employment.
Yesterday, I had spoken about the BRICS driving the global transformation in the next ten years for it to be a Golden Decade.
“Congratulations to our scientists on the successful launch of navigation satellite IRNSS-1I by PSLV.
Mentioning the National Health Policy, the Prime Minister said that affordable healthcare and prevention of diseases are also high on the Government’s agenda.
Unfortunately, there are a select few, who in order to hide their own ignorance, take a very rigid view and destroy any scope of welcoming new thoughts and experiences.
Thereafter, Minister for Electronics and Information Technology (ME&IT) had a meeting (on February 7, 2017 in New Delhi) with the delegation led by H.E. Mr. Alexander De Croo, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Development Cooperation, Digital Agenda, Telecom and Postal Services of Belgium on areas of mutual interest.
Prime Minister congratulated Ms. Espinosa on her election to the post of President of the 73rd UN General Assembly.
Since then, we had two years of severe drought.
“On the special occasion of their Statehood Day, greetings to the people of Meghalaya.
Numerous references of voyages and expeditions of the Chola-Navy are found even today in “Sangam – literature”.
These people have shown that there is great strength at the bottom of the pyramid.
• The Leaders highlighted the importance of food security for the peoples of both countries and agreed to work together towards concrete actions in this area.
Extremely delighted that today the number of beneficiaries crossed 2.5 crore.
38. We are devoting significant attention to eastern India- Bihar, Assam, West Bengal, Odisha, Northeast.
He added that all post offices have now been recognized as payment banks, and this will be of great help in implementing Direct Benefit Transfer.
He said India has changed a lot in three years.
The Government has considered the recommendations made by the Standing Committee in itsreport tabled in the House on 20.03.2018 and general feedback, particularly the views of medical students and practitioners regarding certain provisions of the Bill.
Post-Graduate seats and additional faculty posts as per norms will be created and filled up in these GMCs by the respective State/UT Governments.
In this context he mentioned the International Convention Centre, the Foundation Stone for which was laid today.
Out of the crude stored, some part will be used for commercial purpose of ADNOC, while a major part will be purely for strategic purposes.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
Whether it is cyclone, or rail and road safety, all of these safety measures are being augmented by Space Technology.
We have led assistance and relief efforts in times of disaster.
Development cooperation has a significant role in India’s relations with Myanmar.
It has been a landmark event in the history of India’s freedom struggle.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Policy framework to promote and incentivize Enhanced Recovery (ER)/ Improved Recovery (IR)/ Unconventional Hydrocarbon (UHC) production Methods/techniques to improve recovery factor of existing hydrocarbons reserves for augmenting domestic production of oil and gas.
• Four, deepen our trade and investment partnership by encouraging greater industry to industry ties.
I am very happy to address you at this charity dinner at the International Diamond Conference.
NOTING with satisfaction the progress in the implementation of the Plan of Action to Implement the ASEAN-India Partnership for Peace, Progress and Shared Prosperity (2016-2020) and the List of Priorities for 2016-2018 to Implement the ASEAN-India Plan of Action;
If we succeed in Swachh Bharat, poor will be able to save Rs. 7000 on medicines that they would otherwise have spent.
With these words, I once again welcome President Rivlin on his first State visit to India, and wish him a productive and enjoyable stay in India.
Place of Birth: Isvaria, Distt.
They further agreed to promote bilateral collaboration for humanitarian assistance and evacuation in natural disasters and conflict situations.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
He laid a wreath at the Tsunami Memorial, and lit a candle at the Wall of Lost Souls.
The Ganges and the Yamuna have plentiful of water but there are many other places in Uttar Pradesh like Fatehpur district where two small rivers namely Sasur-Khaderi got dried out.
At the same time, like the U.S., we are cracking down on tax evasion and unfair tax avoidance.
Today there are landmark efforts, being embarked upon for waterways and ports in our country.
Both of you were seated on a sofa, talking to each other.
The Prime Minister will hoist the National flag at the memorial, designed and built by DRDO.
In this regard, we further welcome the BRICS Customs Action Plan, which identifies actions that will be taken collectively by the BRICS Customs Administrations in the short, medium and long term to achieve the stated goals and the establishment of BRICS Custom Training Centres.
Around 21 Lakh people have been enrolled under the Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana.
Why not healthy competition?
Thus I was also reminded of what had slipped my mind.
It marked the celebrations of the 75th anniversary of Azad Hind Government, formed by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
And therefore, we will meet major business leaders of both the countries in a short while from now.
However, it has been felt that Clause 6 of the Assam Accord has not been fully implemented even almost 35 years after the Accord was signed.
For this, I am grateful to you Mr. President.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to capsizing of a boat in Andhra Pradesh’s East Godavari district.
He laid the foundation Stone of Employees’ State Insurance Corporation’s (ESIC) multi speciality Hospital at Tiruppur.
Comprehensive Economic Partnership
Back in 2014, I had enjoyed attending the Global Citizen Festival in the beautiful Central Park of New York.
It’s a matter of joy that women in India are taking rapid strides of advancement in all fields, bringing glory to the Nation.
Skill India has led to transformational change in India’s vocational training ecosystem.
India rejoices at this stupendous victory”, the Prime Minister said.
(I) MoU on investing in the National Investment and Infrastructure Fund of India.
The Prime Minister said the bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of the common people.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, thanked all the Chief Ministers and Lt Governors for their suggestions and views expressed on various agenda items discussed at today’s Inter State Council Meeting.
In this regard, Secretary Tillerson exchanged views on his recent travels in the region with Prime Minister.
• Cooperating mutually on telecom security related issues such as telecom equipment security standards and testing, including accreditation of entities;
• More than 12,000 Revolvers were seized.
Let us make cleanliness a part of our value systems, he added.
Both leaders exchanged views on developments of mutual interest, specifically climate change.
India’s rise in the World Bank “Doing Business” rankings from 142 to 77, over the last four years, was taken note of.
As we raise production, we also aim to reduce losses in transmission and distribution.
The Prime Minister during the UP Investors Meet held on February 2018, had announced the setting up of one such corridor in the Bundelkhand Region of UP.
The Prime Minister spoke of his vision of doubling farmers’ incomes by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
The monitoring and review of performance would be linked to the implementation of the Start Up Action Plan to enable execution as per timelines and milestones.
He commended all those involved in its manufacture.
We should ponder as to how well the capital market is performing its main function of providing capital.
He added that the Quit India Movement that began in 1942, was a decisive movement.
As per the MoU, the DGLL on behalf of Ministry of Shipping, Government of India shall advise its counterpart Department of Shipping, Ministry of Shipping, Bangladesh on AtoNs including Vessel Traffic Service, Chain of Automatic Identification System.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare for the poor and the middle class.
They even treat them like their brothers and sisters.
The Museum is in line with the Union Government’s initiative to honour the unsung heroes of India, who have contributed greatly to nation building.
Their programmes were a major source of inspiration & strength to our freedom fighters.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Atal Innovation Mission, India and Fund “Talent and Success”, Russia for promotion of science & technology, strong foundation to the collaborative work through exchange of students, teachers, researchers and scientists between both countries.
Not only this, she has done unprecedented work for the welfare of Dalit women too.
E-commerce and trans-border mobility of people is resulting in increased cross border transactions.
Once notified, this will pave the way for giving benefit of promotion in service tothe Scheduled Castes, the Schedule Tribes and also extend the reservation ofup to 10% for “economically weaker sections” in educational institutions and public employment in addition to the existing reservation in Jammu and Kashmir.
Even today, the work of Acharya Bose continues to inspire scientists.
Come on, I invite you all.
Medical treatment and its cost has always been a cause of concern for the lower middle class and poor sections of the society.
That is why India will have to be on alert all the time.
Establishments keeping records of information of HIV positive persons shall adopt data protection measures.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved Measures to promote Hydro Power Sector.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved today the signing of a Protocol amending the Agreement between India and Belgium for avoidance of double taxation and prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Himachal Pradesh, on the statehood Day.
Taking note of the excellent trade and economic engagement, with the two countries being among the top trading partners for each other, the two leaders agreed upon the need to further strengthen these ties, particularly through diversifying non-oil trade.
· 18th Meeting of the Contact Group on Economic and Trade Issues (CGETI) – 11 to 12 May (East London)
The declaration of Vijayawada Airport as International has been taken up in accordance with the provisions of Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act, 2014 and keeping in view the passenger traffic growth, demands from airlines and Andhra Pradesh Government.
· Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Education – 10 July (Cape Town)
My dear countrymen, all of you get an opportunity to express your views from time to time in ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering, he told the Indian community in Qatar that they are never disconnected from India.
It was also stressed that expeditious implementation of the trilateral agreement involving Afghanistan, India and Iran, signed in May 2016, using Chahbahar will augment connectivity within and of the region.
MoU on Cooperation in the field of Agriculture and Allied Sectors.
The children can be made to take the stairs instead of taking the lift.
Referring to the devotional song “Vaishnav Jan”, performed by OTs during the cultural programme yesterday, the Prime Minister said that the OTs should contemplate on the lyrics of this song, after replacing the words “Vaishnav Jan” with “Civil Servant.”
Coming to Demography, ours is a nation of vibrant youth.
This is a good development and a healthy sign for our democracy.
A delegation representing the film and entertainment industry, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in Mumbai today.
I hope and appeal to the political parties across the country to join hands in passing the triple talaq bill to protect the rights of Muslim women.
And it is my conviction that we have to bring this region at par with the other developed regions of the country.
Recognizing that terrorism continues to remain the single most significant threat to peace and stability in our region, we reiterate our strong commitment to combat terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, and stress that there can be no justification for acts of terror on any grounds whatsoever.
10.Noted with satisfaction the growing interest for investment of the Indian companies in the energy sector – attracted by the structural reforms carried out in Mexico, as well as the opportunities for Mexican companies in the Indian market.
There is tremendous scope for deepening the extent of partnership in India’s flagship schemes.”
I will also have interactions with other ASEAN and East Asia Summit Leaders.
Through Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY), within 150 days almost 11 lakh poor people have benefitted, he added.
The warmth and affection that I received from the people of Jaffna is still fresh in my mind.
Come, let’s march together as we do our bit.
“Manipur is blessed with immense natural beauty and hardworking citizens.
The theme for this year’s World Environment Day is ‘Beat Plastic Pollution’.
5. Though such professionals have existed in the Indian healthcare system for many decades, a considerable gap in the allied and healthcare space is because of a lack of a comprehensive regulatory framework and absence of standards for education and training of A&HPs.
The young have their aspirations.
93. We commend the organisation of the 3rd BRICS Film Festival and recognise the need to further deepen cooperation in this field.
He said the rising middle class, and the support provided to the carpet industry are two key factors behind the growth in this sector.
31. The two leaders noted that India and Saudi Arabia have shared civilizational ties over history that are enriched by the movement of goods, peoples and ideas.
This was proposed to be met by Rs. 15,343 crore from General Budgetary support and remaining Rs. 15,000 through Extra Budgetary Resources (EBR).
The Prime Minister travelled to, and from the school, in normal traffic, and without customary protocol.
The MoU is proposed to be signed between the two banks during the forthcoming visit of the Finance Minister Shri Arun Jaitley, to Seoul, Korea during 14-15 June 2017 for the Annual Financial Bilateral Dialogue.
Memorandum of Understanding for Sharing White Shipping Information between the Indian Navy and Myanmar Navy
There are several studies being conducted on how Yoga is effective in curbing diabetes.
At the macro level, the energy sector is a pivot and key enabler of growth.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for settlement of Legacy Food Cash Credit Accounts (upto crop season 2014-15) of Punjab Government for food procurement operations.
No problem, we will manage when the next week a tanker would come.
We know it very well that the future will not allow the journey of development to move forward without connectivity.
This will be an added attraction for tourists.
Transport infrastructure is also expected to increase manifold.
India takes pride in their contribution to exploring new frontiers of science in the service of humanity.
Given the critical role that India played in securing international consensus on Paris Agreement, today’s decision will further underline India’s responsive leadership in the community of nations committed to global cause of environmental protection and climate justice.
Reaffirmed the commitment to reinforce and build upon the successes and achievements of existing bilateral cooperation,
d. Improving taxpayer awareness and education through continuous engagement.
Some of the projects will ensure better and faster connectivity to the North Eastern region of India with the mainland as well as to the outside world.
It will provide recognition and exposure to further build NPC’s capacities and competencies in rapidly changing international business scenario.
Later in the day, the Prime Minister took to the social networking platform Twitter, to share his photographs with each player, with words of encouragement for each of them.
Currently, the banking, capital markets and insurance sectors in IFSC are regulated by multiple regulators, i.e. RBI, SEBI and IRDAI.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved abolition of existing “Guidelines for establishing Joint Venture Companies by Defence Public Sector Undertakings (DPSUs)”.
My heartfelt greetings to all those associated with the institution on this occasion.
We have also de-notified some items earlier made exclusively by Ordnance Factories, so that the private sector, especially the micro, small and medium enterprises can enter this space.
This is visible in global partnerships, such as the International Solar Alliance, promoted by India and France.
Today, with the inauguration of this Exchange, we have reached an important landmark in achieving that vision.
Next year will be a historic milestone in our ties.
In this context, he mentioned the series of steps that the Government is pursuing to reduce input costs and raise profits.
The MoU intends to promote closer cooperation between India and the United Kingdom for exchange of knowledge and experience in detection, resolution and prevention of security-related incidents.
Executive Director, United Nations Environment Program
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the function for the release of the book “Citizen and Society,” written by the Vice-President Shri Hamid Ansari.
He said New Industrial policy and new IT policy has been launched to give a boost to Industries.
IICA is a think-tank and repository of data and knowledge to support rational decision-making for the policy makers, regulators as well as other stakeholders working in areas related to the corporate sector.
While India has been the victim of cross-border terrorism for over 40 years, all nations today face this grave threat which respects no borders.
“Strongly condemn the cowardly terror attack in Mazar-i-sharif.
ACTIVITIES FOR THE REMAINDER OF SOUTH AFRICA’S BRICS CHAIRSHIP 2018
President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka called Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on telephone a short while ago to condole the terror attack in Uri, Jammu & Kashmir.
Through global partnerships and accessing cutting edge technologies, India will emerge as a global centre of expertise.
And for long, brave hearts have been responding to the challenge.
• to compose a new chapter in our ties; and
Standing here before this 112-feet face of Adiyogi and the Yogeshwar Linga, we are experiencing a colossal presence enveloping everyone in this space.
According to the research conducted by outside experts, about Rs.3 lakh crores that had never come into the banking system before, has been brought into the system after the demonetization.
If you have resources – share them with the needy,
Main line is already over saturated and there is no scope for supplementing suburban services on this line.
Chief Justice of India, Justice T. S. Thakur,
Provision of Citizen-Centric Online Services is the foundation of an efficient public administration system.
The objective of the MoU is to promote cooperation between the Small & Medium Enterprises (SMEs) of the two countries.
“Went to R&R Hospital to see Marshal of the Indian Air Force Arjan Singh, who is critically ill.
125 crores Indian did not just stop at forming the government in 2014, instead, they continuously strived to make the country better.
All of us have seen houses and buildings being constructed of bricks and stones but can you imagine that about twelve hundred years ago, a giant mountain which was a single stone mountain was give the shape of an elegant, huge and a unique –temple –this may be difficult to imagine, but this happened and that temple is KailashNathMandir in Ellora, Mahrashtra.
To facilitate ongoing negotiations on upgrading the India-RoK CEPA by identifying key areas for trade liberalization (including Shrimp, Molluscs and Processed Fish).
Their achievements, the name they have earned in their own societies and globally, are a great inspiration for all of us.
I have been told that GNFC or Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited, which primarily manufactures fertilizers, has installed a thousand PoS machines for sale of fertilizers for the convenience of farmers and in just a few days 35 thousand farmers were sold 5 lakh sacs of fertilizers on digital payment and this was accomplished in only two weeks!
Creativity can give a new strength to Swachhata Abhiyan or cleanliness campaign.
He said the next target of Ayushman Bharat would be to provide financial assistance of upto Rs. 5 lakh to the poor, for medical treatment.
But he never let antagonism raise its ugly head in his path.
He mentioned that the mischievous and malafide reports were utterly baseless and false, and seemed intended to create misunderstanding between the two leaders as well as damage the cordial relations between the two friendly neighbours.
In fact, the North Eastern Region has the potential to become Organic Food Basket of India.
The Union Cabinet in its meeting chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Israel on National Campaign for Water Conservation in India.
Therefore our aim is to get water for all.
They were revised two years ago.
And here we are, unified, heralding the red letter day at 12 AM in this Central Hall.
The Government is implementing a comprehensive Telecom Plan for the North Eastern Region at a cost of over 5,300 crore rupees.
In December, 2012 the Board of Trustees (BOT) of IVI approved the formation of its new governance structure.
All this is important, not just for doing business but also for ease of life of our people.
I had decided that whatever I will do, I will do to the best of my abilities,” the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today unveiled a bust of Mahatma Gandhi at Yonsei University in Seoul.
They pledged to deepen their maritime cooperation, and to this end, issued a separate “Statement on Maritime Cooperation,” during the visit.
We are aware of strategic threats to regional peace and stability.
The Prime Minister said that India is also building International Partnerships to boost innovation.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, its knowledge, and its traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda were belittled.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will join the programme to mark the conclusion of the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow.
When a work is stalled, the poor families are the ones who suffer the most.
The Prime Minister, digitally unveiled the plaque for the Command and Control Centres at Namchi and Gangtok in Sikkim, Itanagar and Pasighat in Arunachal Pradesh and Agartala in Tripura.
This is an unprecedented step taken by Govt. of India to protect the farmers’ income which is expected to go a long way towards the welfare of farmers.
Today, we celebrate the birth anniversary of Shri Aurobindo.
To bring forth Innovative Ideas, programmes like Smart India Hackathon are also being implemented.
As I said then, and I will say it again, your friendship is our honour; your dreams are our duty.
It is a series which we will attend, not as individuals but as part of a team who can collectively make change happen.
He said the dedication of the historic Bogibeel rail-cum-road bridge, is a symbol of this objective.
The proposed land at Patna Airport will be used for expansion of the airport and construction of new terminal building along-with other associated infrastructures.
e) Encouraging public and private education facilities working the tourism education and training field in the States of the Parties.
Sports means, physical fitness, mental alertness and personality enhancement.
In the same manner, Goods and Services Tax, GST, was launched on this very day last month.
No new funds have been approved.
The Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI) has estimated that approximately Rs. 25,000 crores would be required for development of identified projects on NWs till 2022-23.
Today, my dear fellow citizens, I have utmost pleasure in placing before you all my own account on this.
Ramayana tells us a story of a little squirrel, a little squirrel of Rameshwaram that helped in building Ram-Setu.
Technologies like 3D films (without glasses), Holographic Projection, Kinetic Projection, Oculus based Virtual Reality experience etc have been used in the exhibition.
The definition of peace has changed in the last hundred years.
In the petroleum and natural gas sector, it was noted that targets set under the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana will be comfortably achieved in the current financial year.
He said this scheme, which envisions health assurance of 5 lakh rupees per family per year, will benefit over 50 crore people, and is the world’s biggest health assurance scheme.
His grit and tenacity inspired people all over the world.
Earlier, it used to take two to three months for the funds allocated to the schemes to reach up to the departments.
I wish the International Yoga Festival a grand success.
The question is of resolve and action.
The Summit provided a forum to enhance economic opportunities to young entrepreneurs, especially women entrepreneurs and marginalized groups in the long run.
DGPs Conference is an annual event in which top police officers from all over the country share and discuss security related issues.
Kalaignar Karunanidhi stood for regional aspirations as well as national progress.
The Prime Minister said that the awardees have devoted their lives, on a mission to serve others.
This will be Prime Minister Modi’s first bilateral State visit to Myanmar.
Measures for welfare of Ex-Servicemen:
There is a level playing field in public procurement for startups too!
Shikhar Thakur has written on MyGov that we could have performed better at the Olympics.
1. Measures to mainstream SDGs into on-going national policies, programmes and strategic action plans to address the developmental challenges.
He will deliver the inaugural address at the 105th session of the Indian Science Congress, at Manipur University in Imphal.
He said the tribal carnival would showcase the capabilities of the tribal communities, in the national capital.
State Governments are finding innovative ways to create a business friendly environment.
Members of the delegation included Imam Umer Ahmed Ilyasi (Chief Imam of India, All India Organisation of Imams of Mosques); Lt Gen (Retd) Zameeruddin Shah (Vice-Chancellor Aligarh Muslim University); MY Eqbal (Former Judge, Supreme Court of India); Talat Ahmed (Vice Chancellor, Jamia Millia Islamia), and Shahid Siddiqui (Urdu journalist).
He inaugurated and briefly visited the Jungle Safari in the city.
• The Sultanate of Oman expressed interest to cooperate with Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for building its space programme.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister began by congratulating the team which enabled India to successfully host the BRICS Summit in Goa a few weeks ago.
They understand that the country is being divided on the basis of caste and the country cannot progress at the desired pace with these divisions.
The JIPFL delegation conveyed their condolences for the victims of the cross-border terror attack in Uri, J&K on 18 September 2016.
PM Laid the foundation stone of 3 Model Degree Colleges in J&K, at Kishtwar, Kupwara and Baramulla.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana has also benefited farmers whose crops have been destroyed by unforeseen causes.
The merger would help in the following ways:
• Implementation of proposal includes innovation and improvement in the existing vocational education and skill development through Research and Development in the field.
It is the first of six such submarines that will be inducted into the Indian Navy, and represents a significant success for the “Make in India” initiative.
I urge all NGOs, schools, colleges, social, cultural and political leaders, people in the government, collectors and sarpanches, to begin creating an environment of cleanliness at least fifteen days ahead of Gandhi Jayanti on the 2nd of October so that it turns out to be the 2nd October of Gandhi’s dreams.
We have made aviation affordable and within reach of the lesser privileged, he added.
From Max Muller, to many of you present in Rishikesh today – all immensely successful people in their own right – whenever the quest to know one’s real self has beckoned, their destination has been India.
However, rural roads alone are not enough.
A resurgent India awaits you.
Jawans of the ITBP joined the interaction from the high altitude Pangong Lake in Ladakh.
India is today one of the fastest growing economies of the world.
On 17th April, I will be in Stockholm on the invitation of Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven.
How deep you can go and get fused within?
The Bill lists various grounds on which discrimination against HIV positive persons and those living with them is prohibited.
A man with a pension of sixteen thousand rupees sends me cheques worth two lakhs, sixty thousand in advance, is this a small thing?
You would debate its certainty and prevailing flux; its conflicts and risks; its successes and opportunities; its past behaviours and likely prognosis; and its potential black swans and the New Normals.
My dear countrymen, one of Gandhiji’s mantras is very relevant event today.
Being sensitive towards nature, protecting nature, should come naturally to us; these virtues should be embedded in our sanskar.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government and State Government are working continuously for the development of Nagpur, keeping its future requirements in mind.
In a way, this academic satellite is a living example of the soaring flight of courage and ambition of the young India.
The shared cultural and civilizational heritage of the two countries and the extensive people to people interaction of their citizens provide the foundation to build a multi-faceted partnership and harmonious bilateral relations between the two countries.
If you are better than your competitor, then you will become complacent,as you will be filled with over-confidence.
He said that this programme, for the launch of a ferry between Ghogha and Dahej, is of vital importance for the entire nation.
In this context, both sides agreed on the need for creation of conditions necessary for resumption of the comprehensive dialogue between India and Pakistan.
For this we need infrastructure and supply chain.
Accumulation of any form of waste or filth within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
Solar energy is a real solution for global warming.
The Prime Minister noted that France is one of India’s Top 10 sources of Foreign Direct Investment, and invited French companies to take advantage of the improving business climate and growing investment opportunities in India.
Then only will the people of the country be roused” – continues to inspire us to action, continues to give us courage.
He started cracking jokes and lightened the atmosphere in a matter of just a few minutes.
And when there is a festive mood of celebration, the best within us comes out.
Several other beneficiaries also shared their experiences.
The Agreement provides for constitution of a Joint Working Group comprising of representatives from both countries which shall prepare plans of cooperation, provide solutions to the problems arising during the implementation of this Agreement and implementation of tasks determined by the Parties.
Of this 4 crore are youth who have availed loan for the very first time and are self-employed and progressing independently.
I will meet Indian scientists working at CERN.
He recalled how Dr. Ambedkar had advocated equal rights for women, even in an era where this idea faced stiff political opposition.
Dantewada in Chattisgarh is a Maoist infested region.
An Open Acreage Licensing Policy and a National Data Repository is helping to increase exploration interest in Indian fields.
They added that it is the Muslim community’s responsibility that under no circumstances should anyone compromise the nation’s security or well-being.
India and Kenya fought together against colonialism.
The numbers of Tower locations proposed in the 10 States are as follows:
He stressed the importance of demonstrable and immediate action by the concerned for putting an end to all forms of terrorism and ending all support to it.
We are being seen as the engine of global growth.
The new line represents one more link in the Union Government’s push to modernize urban transport in the country.
In 2022, we will celebrate 75 years of independence, by that time we should fulfil the dreams of the heroes of the freedom struggle.
Elaborating on the benefits of Direct Benefit Transfer, he said this has helped in better targeting of subsidy and eliminated leakage to a large degree.
But it’s a misfortune that these tales of valour and sacrifice did not reach the new generations.
Guru Nanak Dev ji is not only the first guru of Sikhs; he’s guru to the entire world.
He offered floral tributes to a statue of Babasahed Ambedkar, and participated in the cleanliness drive.
Ministerial decisions on new issues like Investment Facilitation, MSMEs, gender and trade, which lacked a mandate or consensus, were not taken forward.
This will be the first visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Rwanda and the first visit by our Prime Minister to Uganda in over 20 years.
With struggle and sacrifice, we changed the course of history.
The red beacon now has gone for good but nobody can say with certainty that the same in the mindset has also disappeared.
3. The minimum pay has been increased from Rs. 7000 to 18000 p.m.
The Prime Minister recalled Sardar Patel’s vision of the dam.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for Abolition of Institution of Income-Tax Ombudsman and Indirect Tax Ombudsman.
It aims to create compact walkable communities and bring public transport closer to transit.
In trade and investment, we are already significant partners.
Government of India’s share during the period 01.01.2017 to 31.03.2020 comes to around Rs. 7932 crore.
Background:
The MoU will reinforce the collaboration in the field of security that will be mutually beneficial.
He expressed a firm resolve to attempt to make this law a reality.
India signed a 15 year contract for exploration of Polymetallic Nodules (PMN) in Central Indian Ocean Basin with the International Seabed Authority (ISA) (an Institution set up under the Convention on Law of the Sea to which India is a Party) on 25th March, 2002 with the approval of Cabinet.
He said that coordination between the Centre and the States has increased as a result of the PRAGATI mechanism.
Section 8(1) of the Competition Act, 2002 (the Act) provides that the Commission shall consist of a Chairperson and not less than two and not more than six Members.
He said that the scheme will assure a monthly pension of Rs.3000 for the enrolled unorganized sector workers during their old age.
As per Article 279A (4), the Council will make recommendations to the Union and the States on important issues related to GST, like the goods and services that may be subjected or exempted from GST, model GST Laws, principles that govern Place of Supply, threshold limits, GST rates including the floor rates with bands, special rates for raising additional resources during natural calamities/disasters, special provisions for certain States, etc.
It offers a spectacular view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
My Government believes in competitive and cooperative federalism, where there is healthy competition between States.
King Amanullah had strong ties with India, and moved here briefly in 1929.
He said that 87 reforms have been carried out in 21 sectors in this period.
This will help farmers getting short term crop loan payable within one year up to Rs. 3 lakhs at only 4% per annum.
This was the time when the people of India, in every part of the country – be it a village or city, the educated or illiterate, the rich or poor, everyone came together shoulder to shoulder and became a part of the ‘Quit India Movement.’
He said Atal ji lived each moment for the common man.
· BRICS National Statistical Office Meeting
These inspiring stories from the annals of ‘Khelo India,’ are ample proof , that the building of New India does not only involve contribution from the denizens of big cities but also from the youth, children, young sports talents, hailing from small cities, towns and villages.
The essence of the spirit of service can be felt in the Bible too.
Earlier, the Chief Ministers of Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and Rajasthan, joined the event through live video conferencing from Visakhapatnam, Bhubaneswar and Jaipur respectively.
The Cabinet which met on 22nd June, 2017 under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Narendra Modi acknowledged the contribution made by all State Governments, by all Chief Ministers and State Finance Ministers and by all political parties which made it possible for GST to be implemented in the country from 1st of July 2017.
But the moment winter sets in, we all have experienced that we don’t like coming out of our quilts one bit.
1. exchange of visits and missions of experts;
In recent times, Lucky Graahak Yojana and Digi-Dhan Vyapari Yojana have received overwhelming support.
I see people working with utmost love and care, paying attention to the smallest of details.
Says, Guru Gobind Singh’s teachings show the path of humanity
However it is still far behind where it should be.
He used medium of cinema for propagating the ideals of the Dravidian movement.
And all of us know that Thuglak magazine was not a mere political commentary.
Baba Saheb Dr. Ambedkar stressed that Lord Buddha has been a great inspiration in his social philosophy.
It is our vision and mission to bring a paradigm shift in the ways of our polity and economy.
The Agreement aims to entering into a bilateral Agreement on co-operation Customs matters between India and Qatar.
Navy is providing 82 teams.
The case about Agusta helicopters.
So many have lost their lives because of it.
The Prime Minister emphasized that parents should not expect their children to fulfil their own unfulfilled dreams.
Friends, from Tokyo to Toronto, from Stockholm to Sao Paulo, Yoga has become a positive influence in the lives of millions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the young cricketers of team India on winning the Under-19 World Cup.
Fifth, leverage technology to enhance the efficiency of our disaster risk management efforts.
34. Leaders welcomed the establishment of an Investment Facilitation Mechanism (IFM) for EU investments in India as a means to improve the business climate and hoped that the IFM will ease sharing of best practices and innovative technology from the EU to India.
It was in this background that our government came to serve the people and today change is clearly visible.
People wanted development, not decay.
The Prime Minister mentioned the important features about the New India website, such as an online quiz on the freedom struggle, and a comprehensive calendar on various events being held as a part of the Sankalp Se Sidhhi’ movement.
This is the reason because of which the acceptance for Yoga throughout the world has been increasing so rapidly.
ARNAB: But you should not lose your sense of humour Mr Prime Minister
The Maha Milaawat or adulteration government will remain hostage to individual egos and dynastic ambitions.
He mentioned other major transitions in the Indian economy, including the move from informal to formal economy, digital transactions and GST etc.
Our plan to build 100 smart cities is aimed at creating an urbanized society that is sustainable, and easy on the environment and on our resources.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana, Sonepat.
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
And with India’s Nano Satellite Mission, we will get a lot of help in the field of agriculture, farming, and dealing with natural disasters.
School children, college students, NCC, NSS, youth organisations, media groups, the corporate world, all of them offered voluntary cleanliness service on a large scale.
When the Constitution was framed, it introduced a framework of equal opportunity and rights for all.
Area of cooperation
The protocol is divided into 10 parts and contains 47 Articles.
The Prime Minister asserted that through this new mobile manufacturing facility, the combination of Korean technology, and Indian manufacturing and software support would provide excellent products for the world.
But, for Congress, Commonwealth Games were an opportunity to boost personal wealth of a few in the Party.
The proceeds from this auction will go towards supporting the noble cause of Namami Gange.
Prime Minister Modi requested the Minister to convey his best wishes to President Sisi.
2. The Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques received Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on 3 April at the Royal Court.
What courses should be designed to that end?
For all good and bad things, it is my responsibility.
It also emphasizes the need to ensure respect for all human rights and the rule of law, including respect for fundamental principles and rights at work and for international labour standards, in particular those rights and principles relevant to employment and decent work.
In order to meet the requirement of Upper Myanmar, two way movement of high speed diesel trucks have started from India.
I say this, thinking of the historical value of such gifts.
The Swachh Bharat Mission Gramin has made rapid progress in advancing sanitation in rural India.
A programme that I am keenly looking forward to join is an interaction with students at the Nairobi University.
Its contribution to global growth is 68% higher than its share of the world economy.
The Prime Minister noted that Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan has led to a decrease in cases of diseases such as diarrhoea.
A Group of Secretaries (GoS) was constituted to prepare a Paper on way forward for HSCL.
PM MODI: The first thing is that are 800 million people below the age of 35 in our country.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkarjee.
Memorandum of cooperation between ALROSA Joint Stock Company (Public Joint Stock Company) and the Council for the Promotion of the Export of Precious Stones and Jewellery of India
The first thing, as an achievement you have managed to grow the economy at 7.5 per cent when the global economic climate is very bleak.
It is very difficult to express ones happiness if arising out of political factors.
Many Ministries/Departments of Government of India have initiated innovation related activities with the help and technical support of AIM.
I call upon all Indian and South African government agencies, investment promotion organizations as well as business leaders of both countries to work pro-actively to realize the true potential.
Now we are moving towards a Competitive Co-operative Federalism.
10. The two leaders agreed to enhance cooperation to strengthen maritime security in the Gulf and the Indian Ocean regions, vital for the security and prosperity of both countries.
“Greetings on National Science Day.
His affectionate ties for the country continue to be reflected in the strong partnership between the two nations.
In this context he mentioned the Panchteerth related to BabasahebAmbedkar, the National Police Memorial, and the Statue of Unity.
We are now among the top hundred countries in the Doing Business rankings.
Friends, during the last three years of the previous government, it approved the projects worth Rs. 15,000 crores.
Speaking on the occasion, he said technology has a major role to play in bringing in transparency, and curbing corruption.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Agra in Uttar Pradesh tomorrow on 9 January, 2019.
(c) Mobilization of Rs.1,381 crore from the market as Government guaranteed loan and utilization of Rs. 4,000 crore by way of monetization of Government-owned land and annual project revenue by the SPV.
This is an administrative way of maintaining law and order.
We are trying to reduce the logistics cost of trade and imports and exports under the Sagarmala project.
Ramakrishna Mission’s record of service is evidence of this commitment.
Every Indian is proud that the brave Wing Commander Abhinandan belongs to Tamil Nadu.
I am sure our athletes will give their best & make us proud”, the Prime Minister said.
He applauded the President of Maldives on his vision for inclusive, decentralised, people-centric governance, and development that is sustainable.
It offers services to stakeholders in the field of corporate laws, corporate governance, CSR, accounting standards, investor education, etc.
Launch of Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Maan-dhan Yojana (PM-SYM)
Its universality and evergreen nature is striking.
It is also necessary for you to think of the weakest among you.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Valedictory Ceremony at the Conference of Director Generals and Inspector Generals of Police at BSF Academy at Tekanpur.
When I first heard about it, I wondered how it could be possible!
This revision would register an entry pay growth in the range of 22% to 28 %.
This is a research set up by an international organization.
The Prime Minster, Shri Narendra Modi today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 72nd Independence Day.
But the journey of Yogiji is not just a show of the path of salvation, but it speaks of the journey within.
On the other side of the Indian Ocean, at about 7.6% per annum, India is experiencing a great economic revolution.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government has resolved to double farmer incomes, and Madhya Pradesh has prepared a good vision document in this regard.
On a voyage to America, Jamsetji Tata met Swami Vivekananda on the ship, and an important topic of their discussion was the outreach & spread of Science & Technology in India.
Brothers and sisters, when we carry out the work for the empowerment of poor people; and when I talked about Ayushman Bharat Program, then very few people realized the massive size of the scheme, – 10 crore families or a population of 50 crore people, very few people were able to grasp what it means.
Therefore, this surge of interest in Yoga, fills me with hope.
The Prime Minister apprised farmers of his recent interactions with corporates, where he has called for greater private sector investment for value addition, warehousing, storage facilities, better quality seeds, and market linkages for improving farmers income.
This perseverance, this struggle from 1857 to 1942 created a situation which reached its climax in 1942; the clarion call of ‘Quit India’ was such that within five years, in 1947 the British were compelled to leave India.
Now you must be thinking that we are discussing art and here I’m talking about seeing Gurudev Tagore’s excellent works of art.
He inaugurated the New Complex of Tripura Institute of Technology at Narsingarh.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India will complete 75 years of its existence two years after India completes 75 years of its independence in 2022.
He had held various important positions in his public and political life during his long career in Tamil Nadu political arena.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the trade cooperation framework between India and Rwanda.
To accelerate the growth in manufacturing and for ensuring scientifically planned urbanization, Government of India (Gol) has adopted the strategy of developing integrated Industrial Corridors in partnership with State Governments with focus on manufacturing.
The Prime Minister said that Shri Ansari’s family has been in public life for generations.
And not just yourself- your city, village, neighbourhood, school, college, men, women, everyone should make an attempt to connect with yog.
Ties that seek a better and secure future for our people.
This is a day to feel proud of and show respect to our country’s armed forces.
Hydrocarbons will continue to play an important part in India’s growth.
When Congress comes, so does rising prices.
Shri Narendra Modi expressed his dismay at the huge pendency of tax-related cases in adjudication and appeal.
After a gap of 15 years, there was good news, in fact grand news from the hockey arena too.
He asserted that the Union Government is fully dedicated to the poor of the nation.
With the recent successful launch of PSLV-C41 on 12th April, 2018, PSLV has completed three developmental and forty three operational flights and the last forty one flights have been successful.
a competition on corruption,
Today, in the twenty-ninth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of eight important infrastructure projects in the railway, urban development, road, power, and coal sectors.
With the approval, India will benefit from the expertise of the US Institutions in the field of wildlife conservation and management of wildlife areas and in combating illegal trade of wildlife and their derivatives.
And for you the good news is that India is the largest trading partner of Kenya.
Both of us will also visit the Kawasaki Heavy Industries facility in Kobe, where high speed railway is manufactured.
And if you pay Rs. 30,000 then only you will get the electricity connection.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the signing and ratifying of an Agreement between India and Philippines on co-operation and mutual assistance in customs matters.
They devote their lives for their disciples, their students.
“Greetings to all sports enthusiasts on National Sports Day.
The 2018 Games have been the best for India in the history of the Asian Games.
Describing the well-being of people as the priority for governance, the Prime Minister reiterated the pledge to double farm incomes by 2022.
India and Kenya have had a very special relationship.
For sustainable development, we must take strong measures to focus on Waste to Wealth Management in the critical areas of electronic waste, biomedical and plastic wastes, and solid waste and waste water solutions.
He recalled how dairies had grown in Saurashtra, in the period when he was Chief Minister of Gujarat.
5) The States in which people of Jammu & Kashmir are residing, whether they are Hindus, Muslims, Sikhs or Buddhists or of any religion, should approach them and should make efforts so that they can establish contact with their relatives in Jammu & Kashmir and can apprise them about their own progress and the progress in other States of India.
We have to change this situation.
He combined scholarly zeal with a penchant for grassroot level politics.
The workshop witnessed an enthusiastic turnout, and keenness among the participants to move towards smart banking and transaction solutions.
Tezu airport is ready to give services to the people of Arunachal, he added.
There are very few such countries, with whom we have this kind of momentum of high level visits in our relationships.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that farmers get modern seeds, adequate power supply, and easy market access.
President Rahmon and I also exchanged views on the developments in our region.
It is definitely a warning.
The MoU will be signed at the upcoming visit of Singapore’s Prime Minister to India from 4-7 October, 2016.
Teach to Transform, Educate to Empower, Learn to Lead.
The delegation members said they were happy at meeting the Prime Minister, and expressed their wholehearted support to the Prime Minister for the Naga peace process.
PPP operators will be free to fix tariff based on market conditions.
In addition, a host of other functions, which were earlier embedded in operations, have increased significantly both in volumes as well as criticality.
When dreams, hard work and aspirations of 125 crores people come together, what can’t be achieved?
If we focus on the foundation, in our schools and colleges and through teachers all miracles can happen.
Believe me, we are on the threshold of becoming the world’s most digitised economy.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that the building will be completed well within the stipulated time.
They also recognised their common responsibility towards ensuring international peace and security, and an open and inclusive international order.
We have launched the Make in India campaign.
We don’t compromise on this.
Given the high potential of energy sources in the region particularly renewable and clean energy sources, we agree to accelerate our efforts to develop a comprehensive plan for energy cooperation with a view to augment interconnectivity and promoting regional energy trade.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi visited Guntur, in Andhra Pradesh and unveiled three major projects today.
In order to meet the financial requirements for achieving the goals of SBM(G), for the year 2018-19, in the Budget announcements made by Finance Minister, an amount of Rs.30,343 crore was allocated for SBM(G).
PM flagged off the first ever Diesel to Electric Converted Locomotive at Diesel Locomotive Works in Varanasi.
Hence the Repatriation of Prisoners Act, 2003 was enacted for achieving the above purpose.
Compared to last year, the total sales of Khadi & Handicrafts have risen almost by 90%.
The PSLV Continuation programme will sustain this capability and self-reliance in the launching of similar satellites for national requirements.
This integration will benefit the North East region tremendously.
Both Sides called upon all stake holders to actively engage in building a peaceful, stable and sovereign Syrian nation and support the intra-Syrian dialogue without preconditions or external interference.
Members of the BRICS Business Council
1. conception, realisation and maintenance of the hydraulic infrastructure, notably big dams and water transfer projects;
He said the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the affection he receives in Kutch is unparalleled.
Technology intervention will remove the hurdles for the common man in accessing various facilities.
Shri Modi stated that on humanitarian grounds notes of five hundred and one thousand rupees will be accepted at government hospitals, pharmacies in government hospitals (with prescription of a doctor), booking counters for railway tickets, government buses, airline ticket counters, petrol, diesel and gas stations of PSU oil companies, consumer cooperative stores authorized by the state or central government, milk booths authorized by state government and crematoria, burial grounds.
He said we should all strive to build a nation that all Indians can be proud of.
My fifth meeting with President Macri today reflects the fast and growing importance of bilateral engagement between the two countries.
The Prime Minister emphasized that cleanliness is not something to be achieved by budget allocations.
• First is the Mumbai-Ahmedabad High Speed Rail Project:
The leaders expressed satisfaction over signing of the Extradition Treaty, the Agreement on cooperation in civil and commercial matters and the Memorandum of Understanding on Cooperation in Peaceful Uses of Outer Space during the President’s visit.
(viii) Presiding Officer and Members of the Adjudicatory Board shall be appointed by the Central Government on the recommendations of the Selection Committee.
Addressing a large gathering, he praised the State of Himachal Pradesh, as a land of spirituality, and bravery.
PM MODI: I look at it differently.
PM said, “My condolences to all those who lost their loved ones due to an accident near Ranghola in Gujarat.
Sadly, it does not happen now.
At another event, he also laid the Foundation Stone of the Pakaldul Power Project, and Jammu Ring Road.
More than 83% operative Jan Dhan accounts (except states of Assam,Meghalaya, J&K) are Aadhaar seeded, with issuance of approx 24.4 crore RuPay cards to these account holders.
PM said that it is first such college in Eastern India and only third in entire India where only women will study engineering.
The way to lead a calm, creative and content life is Yoga.
Under NAM special focus is given for specific needs of such areas and for allocation of higher resources in their Annual Plans.
Under the MoU, a Joint-Working Group (JWG) will be constituted to prepare/finalize Work Plan for the next two years while specifying task/ activities to be undertaken during that period.
Your humour was really appreciated and I think it was a wonderful moment when you were speaking.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its ex-post-facto approval for extension of Addendum IX for the period from 1″‘ April, 2011 to 31st March, 2016 and renewal of Memorandum of Understanding between Government of India and Shastri Indo-Canadian Institute (SlCI) by way of signing supplementary Addendum X to the Memorandum of Understanding signed in November,1968.
Your progress is our pride.
He shall visit the Museum and Exhibition, and the Viewers’ Gallery.
May this Kumbh of the devotees also become Mahakumbh of global tourists.
I wish you all the very best, in your endeavour to succeed in the emerging frontiers of scientific research.
These will further help in developing international perspective among the Youth and expanding their knowledge and expertise in the areas of Youth Affairs.
It is just not possible that a day passes without any significance associated with it, or does not herald a festival!
President Zuma and I also agreed on the need to work more closely on international issues and emerging global challenges.
He told that around 1 crore 20 lakh families in UP will be benefitted from the scheme.
I also salute your sense of commitment towards science, education and students.
And I have always felt that we should come out of this situation and, therefore, today I want to talk in some detail with my young friends.
That picture really touches one’s heart.
I sincerely thank from the core of my heart my friends in the media who regularly telecast Mann Ki Baat on their channels.
You will feel a certain freshness.
The MoU on Defence Cooperation signed just now would strengthen our institutional cooperation between our defence establishments.
The MoU will also provide for exchange of visits and dialogue for knowledge and experience sharing.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed across a range of sectors.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification, through infusion of latest technology inputs.
· Nearly 1,100 kilometer long new rail lines were laid during the last three years of the previous government.
I have had the opportunity for discussions with both dignitaries during their visits to India in 2016.
In order to ensure quality of life for the citizens, the best possible facilities of education, health and housing can be organized.
Our endeavour is to ensure that each & every person in the country is empowered.
The Government has accepted the recommendations of the RBI to issue Two thousand rupee notes and new notes of Five hundred rupees will also be placed in circulation.
Mentioning the benefits of the GST, the Prime Minister said that besides economic integration of the country, and transparency in the system; more than 17 lakh new traders have been brought into the indirect tax system within two months.
This youngster makes India happier by winning a Gold in the Men’s Javelin Throw Final.
The Prime Minister said that the world’s attention is being drawn to India, and people are coming to invest here.
He mentioned the various other projects, including roads, and projects related to Namaami Gange, which were inaugurated, or for which the foundation stone was laid today.
SBM(G) was launched with effect from 2nd October, 2014, with the goal to achieve universal sanitation coverage in rural areas by 2nd October, 2019.
4. Supply and localization of turnout switches for Semi High Speed and above;
We are switching sources of fuel where possible.
As part of it, government has started training about one lakh masons.
They have laid down their lives for the country.
29. The Sides noted the successful collaboration between the Department of Science and Technology of India and the Russian Foundation for Basic Research which celebrated their 10th anniversary of joint research in the field of Basic and Applied Sciences in June 2017.
Describing the Astole Water Supply Scheme, for which the Foundation Stone was laid today, as an engineering marvel in the making, the Prime Minister said that clean drinking water saves people from diseases.
My dear brothers and sisters,
The Prime Minister described the “Champions for Change” initiative as one effort to bring together diverse strengths for the benefit of the nation and society.
This is in line with our mutual desire for a reinforced strategic partnership.
Kochi was selected as a Smart City in Round One of the challenge process in January 2016.
Similarly, the birthplace of Babasaheb which is Mhou of Madhya Pradesh is being developed as a pilgrimage centre.
The average bilateral trade growth was 17.44% during the last three years.
Budgetary support for funding flood moderation component of hydropower projects on case to case basis; and
People only break laws when they know that there is someone to protect them.
The Prime Minister said that the Ayushman Bharat scheme will go a long way in ending social imbalance, and ensuring social justice in the country.
The leaders agreed that The two agreements signed during this visit viz., on cooperation in the fields of Information & Broadcasting and on establishment of tracking and data reception station and data processing facility in Vietnam under the ASEAN-India Space Cooperation would give further boost to India-Vietnam relations.
During the year 2016-17, the volume of short term crop loan lent stood at Rs.6,22,685 crore, surpassing the target of Rs. 6,15,000 crore.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister recalled the contributions of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, especially in uniting the nation.
The Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation (WR,RD&GR) has been envisaging bilateral cooperation with other countries in water resources development and management.
Dhawal Prajapati, sharing a photograph of himself trekking, has written; ‘For me, travelling & trekking is ‘Fit India’.
He will address the gathering.
Their hardwork and resolve has led to several milestones.
“Saddened by the attack in Kokrajhar.
This makes quality infrastructure in the aviation sector of prime importance, he added.
Germany has considerable interest in Traditional Systems of Medicine.
The movement should not be limited to make people literate.
BRICS Financial Forum (15 October 2016, Goa) 62.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved redevelopment of residential colonies at West Ansari Nagar and Ayur Vigyan Nagar Campuses of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AllMS), New Delhi.
And it is by my own personal experience that I’m telling you that if you’re under pressure then you forget even your own things but if you are relaxed, then you can’t even imagine the kind of things you are able to remember, and these become extremely useful.
41. Welcoming the joint-study conducted in 2017 on the gas pipeline supply routes from Russia and other countries to India, both Sides noted the ongoing consultations between the Indian and Russian ministries and companies to explore possibilities of constructing the gas pipeline to India and agreed to continue to consult each other on the possible conclusion of the Memorandum of Understanding between the two Ministries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for making suitable amendments in the Central List of OBCs by way of inclusion/correction/deletion of castes/communities applicable to the State of Andhra Pradesh and the newly formed State of Telangana as per the advice received from the National Commission for Backward Classes (NCBC).
The empathy within you will begin to appear.
Congratulations to President Joko Widodo and the people of Indonesia for hosting such a memorable Asian Games 2018.
Companies have been given financial incentives for bringing more and more people in the formal economy.
The Prime Minister said that it is vital to identify the “last people in the line” so that benefits of governance can reach them.
Gargi, an ancient philosopher, around the seventh century BC, challenged a male sage to a philosophical discourse – something unheard of in those times.
The Prime Minister praised the spirit of innovation in Israel, and noted that Israel had made great progress in areas such as geo-thermal power, solar panels, agro-biotechnology and security.
Similarly, thousands of important reforms have been carried out by the states as well.
My dear countrymen, India is a land of saints.
We now have a fully functional Indian Ocean Tsunami Warning System.
One more thing: With the limited time that we have, we feel that going through the question paper with all the instructions is going to consume a lot of our time.
These projects pertain to various sectors of Health, Sanitation, Smart City, Connectivity, Power, Housing and others.
The Prime Minister said Surat has made a mark in the diamond industry but there is now need to look at the entire gems and jewellery sector.
10. Cooperation in agricultural and food trade;
We recognise the potential of the BRICS Customs Cooperation Committee and call for enhanced intra-BRICS cooperation and at relevant multilateral fora, including in trade facilitation, law enforcement, use of advanced information technologies and capacity building.
During the interaction, Prime Minister talked about the importance of value addition and value chain approach.
He had then travelled from Matara in the South to Point Pedro in the North.
The Prime Minister, in his third leg of the five Nation tour, held a business roundtable with Swiss CEOs in Geneva today.
Cooperation in Responding to Common Challenges
In Rajasthan ‘Apna Bachcha, Apna Vidyalaya’ campaign is being run to readmit those girls into schools, who had dropped out, in order to encourage and motivate them to start studying again.
Now, India’s investment in the port at Chahbahar in Iran will give Afghanistan a new route to the world and a new path to prosperity.
He will also lay the Foundation Stone for a number of development projects.
Myanmar also appreciated Government of India for upholding the same principle.
Over two crore workers at three lakh Common Service Centers across the country witnessed the launch event through video conference
North Eastern Region (NER) in India is rich in flora and fauna.
This was criminal negligence and we have tried to move them forward.
India is grappling with diverse challenges.
We should contribute towards ensuring reducing the use of cash, of currency notes.
Your Excellency, the Vice President of Suriname, Shri Michael Ashwin Adhin, Your Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, Dr. Antonio Costa, Shri Vaju Bhai wala, Governor of Karnaktaka Shri Siddaramaiah ji, Chief Minister of Karnataka Honourable Ministers, Dignitaries from India and Abroad, And the most important of all, the global family of overseas Indians.
Land used for the project will also be got changed by the Ministry of Health & FW from ‘Industrial’ to ‘Institutional’.
It includes a Central Archaeological Library with a collection of about 1.5 lakh books and journals.
In the days to come, wherever we are, let us do our bit to encourage our sportspersons.
He asked for a report from all concerned in this regard, within a month, and asked the Cabinet Secretary to review the same thereafter.
We look forward to making India the third largest economy,
My dear countrymen, we shall observe Navy Day on the 4th of December.
I whole-heartedly congratulate the awardees: Thiru.
He said that in the last four years, more than 1400 archaic laws have been repealed.
He also addressed a public meeting at Luwangsangbam.
The Prime Minister categorically denied any link between religion and terror and added that those spreading terror in the name of religion are nothing but anti-religious.
This is something very important Rajat-ji has told us because what most of us do is that when we return after an exam, we sit down to calculate what we did right and what we did wrong.
Another important aspect, once the crops are harvested, they’re cut and kept in the field, assuming it has been a good year for crop growth, with 100% crop production, but it hasn’t been loaded on trucks and sent to the market yet.
The Prime Minister appreciated the contribution of Mr. Le Drian to the growing India-France engagement, in his current role as well as in his earlier role as Defence Minister of France.
Among the projects dedicated to the nation include Integrated Refinery Expansion Project Complex (IREP) at Kochi.
PM will inaugurate 9 MW Dah Hydroelectric project.
Speaking on the subject of Aspirational Districts, the Prime Minister said that these 115 districts could become growth engines for their entire States.
Not providing way for emergency vehicles
Greater staff exchanges and more exercises;
The MoU was signed in April, 2017.
Shri Vijay Gokhale Foreign Secretary
• The Leaders welcomed the establishment of Chairs for Indian Studies in various Indonesian Universities and agreed to explore setting up of similar Chairs of Indonesian Studies in Indian Universities.
Stressing that elimination of all forms of terrorism, without any discrimination, is essential, they called upon the concerned to put an end to all sponsorship, support, safe havens and sanctuaries to terrorists, including for those who target Afghanistan and India.
May this state, the land of natural beauty and bravery, attain even more prosperity in the years to come.
The Prime Minister encouraged the players to not feel disappointed with the outcome of the tournament, but to treat it as a learning opportunity.
The country’s refinery capacity is currently more than two fourty seven MMTPA.
Responding to the demands from States to increase their representation in the NMC, thenominees of States and UTs in the NMC have been increased from 3 to 6.
Narendra Modi said that it was difficult to electrify the last 18000 villages, as most were in remote areas, hilly areas and areas with poor connectivity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched the “Main Nahin Hum” portal and app, in New Delhi.
Our youth are coming forward in areas like skill development, innovation and entrepreneurship and are achieving success.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare.
He reiterated India’s commitment to implementing Paris Agreement in letter and spirit and described its implementation globally as essential to fighting climate change.
The entire healthcare industry will receive a boost.
Chaudhari Charan Singh in his speech in 1979 had urged our farmers to use new technology and to adopt new innovations and underlined their vital significance.
Babasaheb’s contribution in making the country prosperous and strong can never be forgotten.
Along with this scheme, about thirty and a half million properties under MNREGA have also been tagged.
Extending the provision of SAROD-PORTS for redressal of disputes to the existing Concessionaires also by introducing the Supplementary Agreement to be signed between the Concessionaire and the Concessioning Authority.
• The proposals received from Banks for in-principle approval to formulate schemes of amalgamation shall be placed before the Alternative Mechanism (AM).
All these events provided the momentum for the freedom and it was a situation of ‘now or never’.
But, one thing that strikes me is that why a person who knows nothing of this country, its languages and its costumes is tempted to read Yogiji.
• To instil confidence and distribute creative works in digital environment with return on investment; and
And, are led most ably by the strong leadership of Excellency Abe.
In our culture, the trees have been considered as sensitive and alive.
“He recognised the folk arts and traditional dances as indicative of Indian culture,” PM said.
In order to deepen our understanding and cooperation in financial matters, I propose a dialogue on digital financial inclusion and investment promotion and infrastructure.
It will bring the pay and allowances of LGs at par with that of the Secretary to the Government of India.
EdCIL, a PSU of Ministry of HRD, Government of India has been asked to submit a proposal for preparation of detailed Project Report for the permanent campuses.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Lal Bahadur Shastri National Academy of Administration (LBSNAA), Mussoorie and Namibia Institute of Public Administration and Management (NIPAM), Namibia in the field of capacity building of public officials of Namibia and other training activities for the benefit of both the institutes.
But the mutual relations of our people is older than this.
India will walk side by side with Sri Lanka as it charts its own path to progress and prosperity for all of its citizens.
Cabinet approves Revision of pension of BSNL Pensioners Removing Anomalies
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Uzbekistan for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the day is historic, for Kashi, for Poorvanchal, for Eastern India, and for the whole of India.
• Details of the PMP for Batteries shall be formulated by the Mission.
At 11am the whole country pays homage to the martyrs.
Ladies & Gentlemen,
Such sentimental incidents generate new energy, give new inspiration and this is what motivates us Indians to do some remarkable things.
Zeranj-Deleram highway and India-Afghanistan-Iran cooperation on Chahbahar would enable Afghanistan to link its economy with centres of strong economic growth in South Asia and beyond.
Narendra Modi, will visit Durgapur in West Bengal on February 2, 2019.
Transparency will be maintained in this process.
In PRAGATI meetings, I have personally reviewed nearly 175 projects worth more than eight lakh crore rupees.
He said that now the time has come to take a step further, by adding “Jai Anusandhan.”
Regulations on BRICS Customs Cooperation Committee 8.
The Prime Minister asked officers to use data analytical tools to proactively track and determine undeclared income and wealth.
Only registered FPOs/Grower Associations (GAs) will be allowed to offer fresh produce for sale on this platform.
The existing terminal building at Patna Airport was built for a capacity of 0.5 million passengers per annum, against which 1.5 million passengers per annum are already using the airport.
PMO took cognizance of a news regarding services rendered by Smt.
If each one of us, irrespective of where he belongs to, strives with a new resolve, a new energy, a new strength, we can change the face of the country with our combined strength in the 75th year of our independence in 2022.
Shriman S. Sunder Ji has expressed his feelings on the role of parents.
We are also taking strict action against illegal recruitment agents in India.
The better the atmosphere is, stronger will be the force to carry our nation ahead.
“A” for avoiding,
I see that spirit when a poor widow gives up her LPG subsidy, when a retired school teacher contributes his pension to the Swacch Bharat mission, when a poor Adivasi mother sells her goats to build a toilet, when a soldier contributes 57 thousand rupees to make his village clean.
There are many who regularly go to hospitals to serve patients.
Secretary, Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change
For achieving the objectives of the Act, a Treaty/Agreement is required to be signed with countries having mutual interest with India and later to the notified in the Official Gazette.
I felt the full warmth of our friends in Brazil towards India.
But when a task is taken up with a noble objective, to realise a lofty intent, with a clear conscience, the countrymen stay firm courageously amidst all these trials and tribulations.
We should celebrate 15th August 2017 as the Sankalp Parva or the Day of Resolve, and in 2022 marking 75 years of Freedom, we will certainly transform that resolve into ‘Siddhi’ or attainment.
“So happy to learn that citizens are expressing their gratitude to bankers & getting notes exchanged in a very patient and orderly manner.
After transfer to MHA in 2001, it has been entrusted to guard Indo-Nepal and Indo-Bhutan Borders.
From the point of larger scale of operations and higher value addition, an investor is also attracted by a large domestic market size, availability of skilled labour and good physical infrastructure.
You have the same important role of guiding the economic systems the way these saints and monks lead us to attain the ultimate truth Moksha.
Noting that terrorists cannot manufacture weapons or print currency, the Prime Minister said that clearly, terrorists obtain these things from certain countries.
I do believe that for our countrymen a visit to the National War Memorial will be akin to a pilgrimage to a holy place.
My dear young friends, on the whole, I am convinced that we can, and we will build a Swachh Bharat, free of all forms of filth within one generation.
After Delhi, then Bihar, then Assam, West Bengal.
ARNAB: Mr Prime Minister, questions are also being raised on food inflation which has still not decreased.
Chairman, Delhi Urban Arts Commission;
I think that this year, as we celebrate 25 years of our diplomatic relations, it is an opportune occasion to take the relationship to a new level.”
He said it is important for civil servants to keep pace with emerging technologies worldwide.
He dedicated his life in ensuring that food, shelter, education and spiritual knowledge reached out to people.
I will visit Myanmar on 5-7 September 2017 at the invitation of His Excellency U Htin Kyaw, President of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar.
12. The Sides welcomed the start of consultations on the Free Trade Agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and its member states, on one side, and the Republic of India – on the other,and supported the idea to expedite the negotiation process.
The Government has launched a campaign to clean-up the system and the institutions from such elements once it assumed office.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the restructuring of existing National Health Agency as “National Health Authority” for better implementation of Pradhan Mantri – Jan Arogya Yojana (PM-JAY).
The MoU was signed by Shri Anand Kumar, Secretary, Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, Government of the Republic of India and H.E. Mr. Lorenzo ANGELONI, Italian Ambassador to India.
In spite of all these efforts there may be temporary hardships to be faced by honest citizens.
All these are unforgettable experiences.
Its involvement in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridors, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High Speed Rail signifies scale and speed.
The areas of cooperation under this Memorandum of Cooperation shall include:
Noting that Japan has been a partner in many important industrial projects in India, the Prime Minister explained the strength of India’s economic performance over the last four years.
The outlay for this scheme would be over Rs. 16000 crore.
The improved connectivity will offer commuters more options of travel by optimization of routes.
The Hockey World Cup will commence on the 28th November to be concluded on the 16th December.
Businesses seek assurance of the prevalence of rule of law in the Indian market.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Jagran Forum on the occasion of the 75th anniversary celebrations of Dainik Jagran newspaper, in New Delhi.
He said Kashmir wants peace and the people of Kashmir want to earn more through tourism.
Likewise, commercial matters were decided by Mahajans and Chambers.
A contribution matching the age specific contribution of the beneficiary will be made by the Central Government.
In foreign policy it’s not necessary to have similar views to have a conversation.
The role of Tariff Authority for Major Ports [TAMP] has been redefined.
No civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the woman-power of the country.
The directions have also been issued for early clearance of claims under FasalBimaYojna to agriculturists.
Further, NITI Aayog is evolving a holistic science and technology vision for the country.
The two parties now desiring to strengthen and further develop the established relationship have signed a Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Tourism, Government of the Republic of India and the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
Mr. Modi drew attention of the experts on certain key policy issues relevant to India.
Hence it is indeed necessary to follow rules in the administration of antibiotics.
The Prime Minister mentioned the Government’s initiatives in financial inclusion – and the Jandhan, Aadhaar, Mobile (JAM) trinity.
And he replied, “India has exploded the bomb today!”
Therefore it is very important to learn from each other’s experiences, to explore the points of common understanding and to discuss the possibility of building a Regional Coalition for Consumer Protection through such an event.
The Prime Minister will also release the IT policy of the Union Territory.
During the worst of the natural calamities like floods and earthquakes, the citizens have shown their capabilities to take care of the cause of the nation while supporting the administration.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is asking each individual, each family, each organization to aim for certain goals which they should accomplish by 2022.
Maybe that is why the meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi felt so special.
The world is with us in fighting the menace of terror.
MOUs/Agreements between India and Iceland
“I am sure you are keeping up-to-date with the latest advances in technology and further connecting your students with the technological trends,” the Prime Minister wrote in his letter to teachers.
The process of Sant- Mahatmas converging at the Kumbh Mela has already started.
This is the third in the series of video bridge interactions by the Prime Minister with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
The country didn’t know of him, he bore no influence then; it was just the beginning.
I conclude by thanking you for this opportunity to share my thoughts.
He said this is a new effort which would benefit the animal husbandry sector in the State.
In a first with the Central Asian region, we had initiated tele-medicine links with Kyrgyz Republic last year.
He listed a number of other areas, where great improvements have been made.
You and I have something in common.
· The membership of EBRD would enhance the competitive strength of the Indian firms, and provide an enhanced access to international markets in terms of business opportunities, procurement activities, consultancy assignments etc.
This event not only connects the Silicon Valley with Hyderabad but also show-cases the close ties between the United States of America and India.
In this context, he mentioned the BRICS Bank as an example.
The geographical configuration and the location of the Andaman & Nicobar Islands chain in the Bay of Bengal safeguard India’s eastern seaboard.
On May 11, 1998, at India’s western end a nuclear test was conducted in Pokhran, Rajasthan.
31. Both sides underscored the need for strengthening and reform of multilateral financial institutions and enhancing the voice and participation of developing countries in international economic decision-making.
Foundation stone forthe resitement of BPCL depot Raichur to Kalaburagi was also laid by the Prime Minister through the unveiling of plaque.
Background:
For me, 5th September was Teachers Day as well as an Education Day.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that our country is a “Bahuratna Vasundhara” where many people have made great contributions across regions and time periods.
None could have raised this question.
He said such efforts by the Government are helping boost tourism.
Second, stimulate entrepreneurship locally.
Energy justice can be done only when people believe in their collective power.
We have gathered at a very auspicious time.
A defined transport allowance per hospitalization will also be paid to the beneficiary.
Under the Scheme, suitable provisions will be incorporated in the Visa Manual to provide for the grant of PRS to foreign investors.
On some issues, it’s a question of principles for us.
It attacks the very foundations of our society.
These Hubs & TTRPs will connect to Academics, Industry, Central Ministries and State Government in developing solutions at reputed academic, R&D and other organizations across the country in a hub and spoke model.
Whether it is Kenyan students in India; or Indian professionals in Kenya- both should shine.
He will distribute sanction letters to the beneficiaries of long liner trawlers under Blue Revolution scheme.
The population of tiger, elephant, lion rhino and other forms of wildlife is on the rise.
Before 8th November there was no taker for 100 rupee note.
The trade cooperation framework was signed on 23rd July, 2018.
About Ayushman Bharat, he said it is a big step to ensure achievement of universal health coverage for the people.
14. Both sides welcomed the key initiatives taken by both Governments to improve the ease of doing business, simplify and rationalize existing rules and relax the foreign direct investment norms in key areas.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today handed over the “Chaadar” to be offered at Dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti, Ajmer Sharif, to the Minister of State for Minority Affairs and Parliamentary Affairs, Shri Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, and Minister of State in the PMO, Dr. Jitendra Singh, in New Delhi.
He recommended that the Trust should actively participate in the effort to make Veraval and Prabhas Patan cashless.
These are also among my priority areas in India’s development.
The Prime Minister recalled that even as many senior leaders like Mahatma Gandhi were jailed at the beginning of the Quit India Movement, a new generation of leaders emerged to fill the vacuum and take the movement forward.
Then, from Balbeer Singh Senior, Leslie Claudius, Mohammad Shahid, Udham Singh to Dhan Raj Pillai, Indian Hockey has had a very long journey.
At the same time, we need energy resources.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved ‘Pradhan Mantri Gramin Digital Saksharta Abhiyan’ (PMGDISHA) to make 6 crore rural households digitally literate.
• The decision regarding creating strong and competitive banks would be solely based on commercial considerations.
My dear countrymen, Shriman Prakash Tripathi has written a rather long letter on the Narendra Modi App, urging me to touch upon the subjects he has referred to.
I want to work for the poor in my country.
Should we still remain in the old mind-set?
Hence, the closure;
Encouraging the rapid adoption of latest technology, the Prime Minister said that soil testing should eventually be possible through hand-held devices.
c) To encourage cooperation between tourism stakeholders including Hotels and Tour operators,
It would provide a comprehensive set of support tools to encourage joint projects that convert “know-how” into “show-how”.
Constitution (Seventy Seventh Amendment) Act, 1995 was enacted thereby inserting clause (4A) after clause 4 of Article 16 of Constitution of India.
33. I want to mention those women who have to suffer due to ‘Triple Talaq’- I admire their courage.
We have decided to set up a Welfare Board for nomadic communities like Madaris, Snake charmers, Banzaras, Gadiyalohars etc.
Our investment ties are also robust.
Exporting companies shall submit application through the Agean Exporters Association (EIB) (responsibility given by law) to TMO for obtaining membership of the online System.
10. The general recommendations of the Commission on pension and related benefits have been approved by the Cabinet.
We decided to enhance our interaction in all aspects of cooperation.
Relations between India and Thailand are extensively spread across many areas.
He also laid the foundation Stone for the augmentation of the Paradip-Haldia-Durgapur LPG pipeline from Durgapur to Muzaffarpur and Patna.
He reviewed the progress towards ODF (Open Defecation Free) targets in each of these States.
Friends, it was with this thought that India, along with France, initiated the International Solar Alliance.
Dr. Lotay Tshering thanked Prime Minister Modi for his greetings and good wishes, and accepted the invitation to visit India at the earliest opportunity.
I hope India’s success at 2018 Commonwealth Games motivates more youngsters to pursue sports and creates larger awareness on the importance of fitness in everyone’s lives.
IT and space-based applications are being extensively used to monitor progress of the scheme.
They recommended remedial works to be taken up.
India’s World Bank Ease of Getting Electricity Ranking, improved from one hundred and eleven in 2014 to twenty-nine in 2018.
The MoU will enable establishment and promotion of closer and long-term, cooperation between the BRICS countries in the field of environment protection and management of natural resources on the basis of equity, reciprocity and mutual benefits, taking into account the applicable Jaws find legal provisions in each country.
Today is the 9thof August.
But at least there should be a discussion.
These are values we have seen our ancestors live and die for.
The Prime Minister interacted with volunteers engaged in cleaning the Ganga, from Bijnor in Uttar Pradesh.
He also stated that within the next two weeks, the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) for sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19, will also be announced.
They are perpetually in a mode of pessimism saying how will you do it and what will happen next.
MoU would lead to develop a joint activity in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
The size and scale of requirement in India gives the added advantage of economies of scale for investors.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
Asia has emerged as the new centre of global growth.
The requirement for HIV testing as a pre-requisite for obtaining employment or accessing health care or education is also prohibited.
He said, it will help skill development and create employment opportunities for the youth.
My dear countrymen, on August 15, as the nation’s ‘Pradhan Sewak’, I get an opportunity to communicate with the country from the ramparts of the Red Fort.
This addresses an issue pending for nearly 24 years.
He said that along with Varanasi, the entire country is now witness to how, the vision of Next Gen Infrastructure can transform the means of transport.
And in doing so, continue to maintain the highest standards of professionalism, ethics, and objectivity.
The Prime Minister also spoke of an increase in renewable power installed capacity, towards the target of 175 GW by 2022.
Speaking on the occasion, he complimented them for their achievements and urged them to do even better in future.
We cannot march through the twenty first century with the administrative systems of the nineteenth century.
He said that after assuming office, he sought details on impact of development schemes in Dadra and Nagar Haveli; and since then the Union Government has worked on areas needing attention.
This Cabinet approval will facilitate de-registration of HFCL from BIFR by making its net worth positive.
2. For Secondary Education:Presently, the Ministry of Human Resources Development envisages that the accruals from the Cess would be utilized in the secondary education for:
You are the pillars of a sound Economic and financial ecosystem of this country, and it is indeed a great honour to be a part of this conglomerate.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will launch the Swachhata Hi Seva movement from September 15th.
They help in mobilizing savings.
TCIL is a leading ISO-9001: 2008 and ISO:2008 and 14001:2004 certified, Schedule-A, Mini Ratna Category-l Public Sector Undertaking (PSU).
He said that after 2014, this project was made a part of the Pradhan MantriKrishiSinchaiYojana, and all efforts were made to complete it.
Jayalalithaa ji’s connect with citizens, concern for welfare of the poor, the women & marginalized will always be a source of inspiration.
Defence Co-operation has emerged as a significant pillar of strategic partnership between India and Việt Nam.
• Each new AIIMS will add 100 UG (MBBS) seats and 60 B.Sc.
Paradigm shifts are taking place in the Sector – bringing to fore complex issues of regulation, enforcement and security – requiring higher levels of technical supervision in the Department of telecommunications.
He asked the youth to connect with the vision of New India.
My dear brothers and sisters present here in large numbers,
When people say ‘Opposition’, it is unfair to the opposition.
India needs affordable solutions and processes which can ease the delivery of government services to its citizens.
During the Freedom Struggle people from all sections and all regions dedicated themselves at Mahatma Gandhi’s call.
However, the Government, in special cases, after due consideration, have renamed the Ports after great leaders in the past.
This movement has been moulded as per local requirements.
New Proposed Provision / Minimum Penalties
That too silently, and with devotion, as if they are performing ‘tapasya’ or ‘sadhana’.
PM MODI: I am talking about what’s happening here
For this reason there must be crores of Indians like Kumar Krishna who have the same question in their hearts.
India today, a country of 1.25 billion people, is going through a great transition.
Two Groups of Secretaries to the Government of India, today presented ideas on Health, Sanitation & Urban Development, and Commerce & Industry, to the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
“India remembers Dr. Zakir Hussain on his birth anniversary.
He noted the growing convergence between India and US, and the strengthening of their Strategic Partnership.
Come; let us take a pledge to fulfil Babasaheb’s dreams.
Good governance cannot happen when outdated laws hamper decision-making, he added.
Mentioning the scheme name UDAN, Ude Desh Ka Aam Naagrik.
While we are on the subject of health, I would like to talk about one more issue.
Prime Minister during the interaction said that thousands of villages have been electrified since NDA government has taken over.
Prime Minister will also be on the state visit of Myanmar from 5-7 September 2017.
Environmental degradation falls on the socially and economically disadvantaged, more heavily than better-off sections of the society.
He will lay the foundation stone for setting up a new terminal of Bharat Petroleum Corp. Ltd (BPCL) at Krishnapatnam.
He will attend a meeting of the Somnath Trust in Gandhinagar, before returning to Delhi.
Those trying to disturb peace in Kashmir by putting small children in the front and hiding behind them will have to be answerable to these very innocent children some day.
Development of high quality health, education and research facilities in Myanamar under our development partnership is a cause of happiness.
The Prime Minister asserted that in the last three years, there has not been a single allegation of corruption on the Union Government.
This kind of change is going to be come about in the field of the country’s economy due to the waterways to supply the goods to the poorest of the poor in the least possible expenses.
However, several factors adversely affected India’s domestic oil and gas output.
What I find interesting about your foreign policy is that you have balanced different powers and different interests.
He inaugurated and laid the foundation stone of several development projects for Haryana.
His mild persona always fills every Indian with a sense of pride.
India has earned a good name for its well-regulated securities markets.
On their Statehood Day, I greet my sisters and brothers of Manipur.
He was also a prolific screenwriter, associated with many memorable films.
The country is indeed grateful for their contribution.
It is a part of his mission to set up 1000 Eklavya Model Residential Schools across tribal areas.
He said that the recollection of movements such as the Quit India Movement, is a source of inspiration, and added that the current generation has a responsibility of passing on the legacy of such movements, to the future generations.
He urged the scientists to work towards ease of living for the people.
Major Danish exports to India include medicinal/ pharmaceutical goods, power generation machinery; industrial machinery, metal ores, organic chemicals, etc.
He handed over a cheque worth Rs. Five Crore to the Prime Minister from Chief Minister Distress Relief Fund (CMDRF) towards Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund (PMNRF), for the Cyclone affected people in Lakshadweep and other States.
The Great Indian thinker and strategist Kautilya wrote the Arth-shastra more than two thousand years ago.
I also see significant potential for deepening bilateral trade and investment ties.
21 crore people have gained from Pradhan MantriJeevanJyotiYojana and Pradhan Mantri Suraksha BimaYojana.
Excellency, we commend your vision and leadership for taking your country out of this crisis and on to the path of economic prosperity.
He said that in BRICS, all member countries are working together.
The Prime Minister attended a function for the distribution of aids and assistive devices to Divyang at Navsari.
Shri Narendra Modi said that with this vision of Swami Vivekanand, “India is going forward with full self-confidence.”
The first 100 percent literate city and first 100 percent literate district have been from Kerala.
Their exit was completely blocked.
This aims to further Government’s efforts at revamping of Public Administration system, Public Grievance Redress Mechanism, ushering in e-Governance, Digital India, etc., more so in the context of the goal of ‘Minimum Government with Maximum Governance’ through e-Governance based Citizen Centric End-to-End On-line Services.
Food processing is a way of life in India.
Due to this, systems shall be put in place that will ensure hand-holding of the farmers from supplying seeds to marketing his produce.
The protocol lays down obligations of the parties.
a) profiling of specific technologies;
60. Our resolve is to build an India, which provides all the opportunities to the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
We made an effort to alleviate the grief of Muslim women by bringing an act in the Monsoon Session of Parliament.
This work has also been started by the Election Commission and I think they have also writen a letter on it.
Prime Minister thanked President Obama for his strong support and contribution to strengthening the strategic partnership between India and the US.
Agriculture and Dairy production US $ 64 million.
And for them, we have undertaken a nationwide campaign to create 500 million new jobs by 2022.
You have made Sri Lanka your home.
PM addresses the 80th anniversary celebrations of the Brahma Kumaris family via video conferencing
The wage calculation ceiling prescribed for payment of PLB is Rs. 7,000/- p.m.
This includes building materials, plastics and paints, foot-wear, clothing and other fabrics or
The existing paid up equity capital of the HSCL is Rs.117.1 crore.
Carrying medical services to FIJI, sending urgent relief, or delivering humanitarian aid during crisis to a neighbouring country – our navy has always rendered glorious service.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering.
The foundation stone will be laid for the Panchkoshi Parikrama Marg, and several projects under the Smart City Mission and Namaami Gange.
In this context, he mentioned initiatives taken by the Government such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh Bharat Mission, insurance schemes, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, and the recently launched Saubhagya Yojana.
Nothing is impossible for a man having positivity and zeal.
Youth can also play an important role in building a counter narrative to extremist ideologies.
I specially thank writers of such letters, since their writing exudes a certain confidence, fortified with blessings.
In this context, he mentioned the great saint poet, Kabir, who also belonged to the same region.
When I went to Kerala, it was rekindled.
Dr. Harsh Vardhan
The month of October is a month to remember so many of our titans.
Letter of Intent between IOCL and Phinergy Ltd.
The Priority initiatives under the MoU would be:
Cine artiste Akshay Kumar has shared a video on Twitter.
This will help in reducing the shortage of commercial drivers in the country.
The PM said “the scheme will benefit 27 lakh farmers.
Moreover, there are a large number of medicinal plants, particularly those found in tropical region which are common to the two countries given similar geo-climatic factors.
30. The two leaders deliberated upon the need for strengthening bilateral cooperation in the financial services sector, including banking, insurance and capital markets.
On an average, a farmer with 1 hectare of land will be able to save Rs 15000-20000.
Talking of technology, he appealed for assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature technology applications are relevant to commercial exploitation of natural gas.
As we march together, a strong and resilient partnership with Israel will be my intent and focus.
If discrimination is entrenched, our determination to fight it and our sensitivity to fighting it should be that much higher.
This was the very site where three heroic sons of Mother India – Col. Prem Sehgal, Col. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon and Major General Shahnawaz Khan had to face a trial under British Rule.
Friends, This government has laid emphasis on the personal sector along with the private sector and public sector.
Centre of Excellence for Information and Technology
An amount of Rs. 9046.17 crore will be expended for three years commencing from 2017-18.
The Prime Minister said that in a way, India’s cultural heritage holds the answers to all global problems.
India has moved up in the World Bank Index of Ease of Doing Business.
Cabinet noted the progress under NHM including accelerated decline in MMR, IMR, U5MR and TFR.
India is today among the most open economies.
India has resolved to send manned spacecraft to the space by 2022.
All of us must realise that being a voter, earning the right to vote is an important rite of passage in one’s life; it’s one of its achievements.
The Prime Minister recalled his visit to Kedarnath a few days ago, and said he is filled with awe at the work done by Adi Shankara, in that remote location, as well as at other places across India, in his relatively short life-span.
And, I’m happy that among the beneficiaries more than one crore people are from Tamil Nadu alone.
The annual Central financial liability on account of this measure would be about Rs. 9,800 crore.
The Cabinet has approved the proposal for increasing the pay and allowances of Lieutenant Governors of Union Territories with effect from 1st January, 2016 from Rs.80,000/- per month plus dearness allowance, sumptuary allowance at the rate of Rs.4,000/- per month and local allowances to Rs. 2,25,000/- plus dearness allowance, sumptuary allowance at the rate of Rs.4,000/- per month and local allowances at the same rate as applicable to the officers of the rank of Secretary to the Govt. of India It will be subject to the condition that the total emoluments (excluding sumptuary allowance and local allowances) shall not exceed the total emoluments drawn by the Governor of a State.
The foundation stone of roads under central road fund (CRF) will be laid through the press of button.
Today I will also have an opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
The JIN includes interpretative notes to be jointly adopted for many clauses, including, the definition of investor, definition of investment, exclusion of taxation measures, Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET), National Treatment (NT) and Most Favoured Nation (MFN) treatment, expropriation, essential security interests and Settlement of Disputes between an Investor-and a Contracting Party.
3. TCIL’s submission of Counter Guarantees amounting to USD 5 Million to Lenders of Loans/ Facilities / Vendors and also client for Bid bonds / Advance/ Performance Guarantees etc. required in connection with the execution of Projects in USA.
We feel that it is necessary for economies to make public investments in long term infrastructure projects, coordinate macro-economic policy, drive growth, and promote world trade and manufacturing with renewed vigour.
A decade of collaboration has produced strong benefits of cooperation.
I surely believe and feel that now after three years, social scientists, universities, research scholars, media experts would undertake its analysis and highlight its every aspect, positive as well as negative.
Delighted at this accomplishment”, the Prime Minister said.
And as I said, as an ordinary citizen, I too get affected emotionally.
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for construction and operationalisation of 100 bedded General Hospital at Rural Health Training Centre (RHTC), Najafgarh, New Delhi at an estimated cost of about Rs. 95 Crore.
Over 1800 mementoes were successfully auctioned to the highest bidder during this period.
Manufacturing and marketing of solar panels and lamps from Rajasthan,PashuSakhi (animal para vet) and DDU-GKY beneficiary from Maharashtra will take part in the direct Samvaad.
To encouraging cooperation between tourism stakeholders including Hotels and Tour Operators 4.
And two other ministries, the Ministry of Shipping and the Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation will take the Cleanliness Campaign forward during the last two weeks of March.
The last Cadre review of the service was carried out in the year 1987.
He said the project would be eco-friendly as well as human-friendly.
Each year the progress of the Tasks is evaluated and scrutinized and each 3 years the content of the Tasks is reformulated and new Tasks can be initiated.
This has strengthened our resolve of Sab Ka Saath Sabka Vikas”
We agreed to a landmark deal in Paris.
MoU on International Academic and Sports Exchange between Sports Authority of India and Nippon Sports Science University, Japan (NSSU)
Today we are standing at this juncture, where we can avail the opportunity and how we should take upon this responsibility?
Where do we want to reach as a nation?
“Successful launch of PSLV-C36 / RESOURCESAT-2A is an accomplishment we all are very proud of.
Cooperation will also be effected through exchange of experts, materials and information, exchange of trainees and scientists on study visits/training programmes, facilitation of relevant conferences and workshops and any other means as may be mutually agreed upon.
– Insolvency and Bankruptcy Codes were enacted.
And look at the science, technology and capacity that water has been supplied from a distance of 470 kilometers.
It will also help in the implementation of priority projects.
He added that the same role would be played by the youth of today’s generation for New India.
It is indeed a great pleasure to see so many familiar faces here.
The Prime Minister said that the Narmada Seva Yatra of nearly 150 days, is extraordinary, even by global standards.
He said that six lakh crore rupees have been transferred directly to beneficiaries.
He will address a public meeting.
CNG, LPG, and Biofuels are cleaner fuels for the transportation sector.
She is the guiding light for millions of devotees.
It achieves a distance-reduction of 31 kilometres, bypassing snow-bound upper reaches.
Congratulations to Mary Kom for winning a Gold in the Women’s World Boxing Championships.
Both leaders agreed to institute a Strategic Economic Dialogue between NITI Aayog of India and the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation, to identify greater synergy in trade and investment.
We have also progressed our discussion on utilising the US$ 100 million line of credit that India had offered in 2015 in specific projects in Belarus.
This shows his greatness, the Prime Minister said.
As you come together today to discuss the future of global energy,the world is seeing a great transition in energy supply and consumption.
It will facilitate exchange of technical experts, reports and technical documents, training and seminars/ workshops focusing on specific technology areas and other interactions for knowledge sharing.
These lines inspired many young people like Ashfaq Ullah Khan, Bhagat Singh, Chandrashekhar Azad and many others.
Both countries are multi ethnic, multi religious, plural and open societies.
So another aspect of my policies you must have seen are the Start Up India, Stand Up India, Seaport activity, port activity, railways expansion, railway station upgradation.
He reaffirmed India’s readiness to continue assisting Sri Lanka in this regard.
The MoU was signed in New Delhi on 19th July 2018.
Key points of the Scheme of amalgamation:
In this context, he mentioned the longest tunnel, the longest gas pipeline, the largest mobile manufacturing unit, and electricity to every household among many others.
PM also laid foundation stone for a new integrated building at Trichy Airport and for the modernization of Chennai airport.
And Indian companies are taking active part in the efforts of President Ramaphosa to increase investment in South Africa.
By 2022, what new development model will Indian PSUs give the country?
The Prime Minister also emphasized the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
The Prime Minister said that the consensus over GST is proving that Rashtraneeti is above Rajneeti (national issues are above politics) in India.
· Meeting of the BRICS Health Senior Officials – 18 to 19 July (Durban)
32. The two leaders discussed regional and international issues of mutual interest, including the security situation in West Asia, Middle East and South Asia, in the light of their common interest in the regional and global peace, security and stability.
Our soldiers have displayed great valour in difficult areas and adverse conditions.
I am in fear, there is no humour left in public life because of this fear.
In this context, he mentioned the issues on the agenda today, including doubling of farmers income, development of aspirational districts, Ayushman Bharat, Mission Indradhanush, Nutrition Mission and celebrations of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
In the present MPT Act, 1963 prior approval of the Central Government was required in 22 cases. f.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Saturday met and interacted with a group of 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
It is also our endeavor to further strengthen these people-to-people contacts.
Independent India was one of the leading advocates of Mozambican freedom from colonial rule.
Corruption, black money, and counterfeit notes had become so rampant in India’s social fabric, that even honest people were brought to their knees.
This limit is now being enhanced to 2 crore rupees.
It is my belief that you will surely publicise and spread awareness about this quiz.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its post-facto approval for launching of Varishtha Pension Bima Yojana 2017 (VPBY 2017).
1- MoU between Konkan Railway Corporation Limited (KRCL) and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Zurich.
In our discussions, we also focused on increasing skill development cooperation with Mauritius.
25. Cooperate on the promotion of the civilisational and historical links between ASEAN and India by providing platforms for knowledge exchanges among policy-makers, managers, and the academicians concerned with tangible and intangible cultural heritage; intensify efforts to preserve, protect and restore cultural and historical symbols and structures which are of mutual interest in reflecting the ASEAN-India cultural and historical connection, including through India’s proposal on mapping inscriptions along the Mekong river and organising of conferences and activities on ASEAN-India Cultural and Civilisational Links.
Today, I am delighted to be here to inaugurate the new India International Exchange.
There is a need to develop appropriate Micro-Industry models for the rural areas that use local resources and skills to meet the local needs and generate local enterprise and employment.
He noted that the Union Government as well as all State Governments would be keen to popularize sports.
We want to lead the global drive towards renewable sources of energy,
78. We reaffirm our commitment to support international cooperation in combating illicit financial flows, including cooperation within Financial Actions Task Force (FATF) and World Customs Organisation.
He further states that despite both personalities hailing from diverse family backgrounds, they enriched the legacy and the history of Jharkhand.
When targets are vague, when the spirit is not strong, then important decisions in our social life also get held up for years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and South Africa for cooperation in the field of Tourism.
The UK Government has achieved phenomenal improvement in Ease of Doing Business (EoDB) rankings in recent years.
In order to provide flexibility, Ministry of Steel may review specified steel products and the minimum value addition criterion.
As Nitin Ji just said that in case of the work of roads alone, the work worth Rs. 53,000 crore has either been started or has been approved.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the AMRUT Mission.
In response to their observations, the Prime Minister mentioned the Saubhagya Yojana, which has been launched by the Union Government to provide electricity connections to every home.
The maximum length of roads being constructed daily is happening in this year.
The Prime Minister said that technology had often been equated to hardware in the past, and therefore, it is important to bring about a change in mindset.
This growth has been supported by a series of policy measures.
The implementation was delayed due to the monsoon.
You can imagine the inner bliss of paying homage to our revered Bapu, with fifteen days of this cleanliness campaign, Swachchata Hi Seva, when we celebrate Gandhi Jayanti on the 2nd of October.
Our two countries share one of the longest land boundaries.
Empowerment of grassroots institutions is a significant step in taking Jammu and Kashmir away from the path of violence and secure the rights and development of the local populace.
Guardian / owner shall be deemed to be guilty.
The placement of 75% of trained persons is proposed to be mandatory for availing assistance related to skill development training component.
I am indebted to you for having allowed me to share my thoughts with you.
43. The ongoing conflict and major humanitarian crisis in the Republic of Yemen are also causes for further concern.
“For us in Sri Lanka, you are one of us, he said, addressing Shri Narendra Modi.
Jurisdiction over four districts – Darjeeling, Kalimpong, Jalpaiguri and Cooch Behar
The Belarusian side shall provide comprehensive transfer of know-how of emerging technologies, training and evaluation methodologies, content development for regular / distance learning / e-learning/training of master trainers, competency building of the assessors in area of their competency and network building & industry linkage;
We have both agreed to support each other for our respective bids for the non-permanent membership of the UN Security Council.
Considering the relatively lower costs of housing at Greater Noida, people prefer staying in Greater Noida and commute to Noida / Delhi for employment.
At present, 37,981 freedom fighters and their eligible dependent pensioners are covered under the scheme.
There are several examples, when he had expressed his views against the evils and shown the society a new direction.
36 white industries have been taken out from the requirement of environmental clearance;
4. Opportunity to cater to the global demand (shortage) of healthcareworkforce which is projected to be about 15 million by the year 2030, asper the WHO Global Workforce, 2030 report.
They said that the objective should be to take the country forward, together, following the Prime Minister’s call of Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
Ninety years ago this great soul had predicted that water will be sold in shops.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi congratulated Bharat Ratna Awardees.
Some states have performed well, some states are trying.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Gujarat on 4th and 5th March 2019.
Our close relations are founded on the shared values of democracy, rule of law, respect for fundamental freedoms and multiculturalism.
Myriad competitions take place all over the country.
Last year when I went to Netherlands, I had urged my friend Mark to think positively on becoming a member of the International Solar Alliance.
It provides cutting-edge cancer treatment, and supports “ahead of the curve” cancer research.
The scope and scale of our co-operation extends to diverse fields.
• Enhance Indo-Swedish dialogue on defence cooperation.
Talking about the Big 4 auditing firms worldwide, he urged India’s Chartered Accountants to work towards creating the next big 4 global auditing firms.
Prime Minister reaffirmed the high importance that India attaches to its relations with Sri Lanka.
He assured the Chief Ministers from flood-affected States that the Union Government would provide all assistance to them, to deal with the flood situation currently affecting parts of the country.
Those civilizations that did not change with time vanished.
Further, development of additional 106 NWs will create additional job opportunities.
He said that as a result of these measures, India’s rank has risen from 142 to 100, in the World Bank “Ease of Doing Business” rankings.
Hea lso witnessed the burning of giant effigies of Ravan, Kumbhakarn and Meghnad signifying the triumph of good over evil, during the event
Culture is a key centrality in the foundation of our ties.
Different members expressed their views on the issues related to the propagation of Hindi language.
Manipuri dancer, Bangladeshi sculptor among recipients
A total of more than 2 lakh people are expected to be connected with the event.
This is the final resting place for forty-four of the Indian soldiers who sacrificed their lives during World War 1 to liberate that city.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of the Collaborative Agreement with French National Research Agency (ANR), France for supporting the Belmont Forum Secretariat from January, 2015 to December, 2017 at a total estimated expenditure of Euro 40,000.
These were artistic painting done on the station.
The मध्यम प्रतिपदा , the Middle Path shown by Buddha, speaks to all of us.
The MoC is expected to bring in the latest technologies and best practices suited for bringing about better environment protection, better conservation, better management of climate change and bio-diversity conservation.
In the nation’s history, there are innumerable accounts of this sacred thread, binding together people of distant lands, different religions, around a spindle of trust.
Various projects taken up under different Phases of PMSSY are as:
We must change for both external and internal reasons.
We remember with great pride all the sacrifices made by our Army.
In this context, I welcome the Agreement concluded today on mobility of young scientists and researchers.
ARNAB: This was also a warning in a way.
Volume, scale and complexity of emerging applications demand continued evolution of new technologies for the foreseeable future.
Can your institution take this responsibility that it will train one lakh youth about small-small things related to GST?
Many bank employees have been rested to their homes.
Amendment on the MoU on Cooperation in the field of Agriculture and Animal Resources
11. The Commission examined a total of 196 existing Allowances and, by way of rationalization, recommended abolition of 51 Allowances and subsuming of 37 Allowances.
The approval will ensure increased availability of short term crop loans to farmers through Cooperative banks at reduced rate of interest.
In a short presentation, CEO, NITI Aayog, Shri Amitabh Kant outlined the recent developments and challenges in the oil and gas sector in India.
This will effectively reduce their tax liability by 25%.
Security forces given free hand to deal with the perpetrators of Pulwama terror attack: PM
The Scheme will catalyze the entire apprenticeship ecosystem in the country and it will offer a win-win situation for all stakeholders.
You may be aware that when we had successfully created a place for the Mars Mission in orbit, this entire mission was planned for a duration of 6 months.
Ministry of Earth Science (MoES), represents India in the Belmont Forum since 2012.
Since its launch in 2015, over 90 million loans worth 4.28 trillion rupees have been sanctioned.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, accepting the Fitness Challenge given by Virat Kohli, shared his fitness video today.
In a series of posts from his Facebook Account, the Prime Minister said:
I wish you all a very fulfilling and creative New Year.
PM said, “Congratulations to Rashtrapati Ramnath Kovind Ji on completing 1 year in office.
Satellite communication and satellite based navigation
Meeting of Senior Officials of Health 94.
(ii) Specialist Medical Officers of Central Armed Police Forces and Assam Rifles of the Ministry of Home Affairs from 60 to 65 years.
Some are associated with pisciculture, animal husbandry, poultry or bee-keeping.
As the verse 387 of Dhammapada says:
The foundation stone of these colleges were laid by PM in 2017.
It will be signed among member states of BIMSTEC at the upcoming 3rd BIMSTEC Energy Ministers’ Meeting to be held in Nepal shortly.
Central government has released over Rs. 900 crore rupees for these cities; nearly one thousand crore rupees.
However, this time, 7th CPC recommendations are being implemented within 6 months from the due date.
Responding to a question on water conservation, the Prime Minister said all of us should individually focus on judicious use of water; and micro and drip irrigation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the International Conference and Exhibition on Sugarcane Value Chain – Vision 2025 Sugar – at Pune.
Our trusted and strategic partnership, especially in the field of defence has deepened.
In this context, he mentioned the Kranti Mandir at Red Fort, and the Mahaparinirvana Sthal of Babasaheb Dr. Bhimrao Ambedkar at Alipur Road.
In God’s creation, humans are endowed with fundamental goodness.
It was in Kenya that M-Pesa was invented in 2007.
He also handed over a cheque of Rs. 50,000 from his salary to the family terming the act as condemnable.
I am just like you all, a common citizen of India
The Sinhalese Nayak Kings of Kandy had matrimonial alliances with the Nayak Kings of Madurai and Tanjore.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of American professional boxing player Muhammad Ali.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a big football fan.
We have also agreed to work towards a long-term and a mutually beneficial arrangement for trade in pulses.
In all the UN peacekeeping Missions in the world, 163 Indians have made the supreme sacrifice.
I particularly welcome and thank the 15 Partner Countriesof this edition of Vibrant Gujarat.
These amendments relate to increase in overtime hours from the existing 50 hours per quarter to 100 hours (Section 64) and existing 75 hours per quarter to 125 hours (Section 65).
The 9th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit will witness the participation of Heads of States, Captains of global industry and Thought Leaders.
We are also familiar with the cluster based approach for the development of the industry in our country.
Simultaneously, during the construction of building, the Institute will run in a suitable rented building in Bhopal to conduct certificate/diploma courses and also OPD services.
That is also why perhaps Sadhguru insists that one takes the oath of being a mother to the world.
In the event the NAA confirms there is a necessity to apply anti-profiteering measures, it has the authority to order the supplier / business concerned to reduce its prices or return the undue benefit availed by it along with interest to the recipient of the goods or services.
Odisha Government wants to widen the State Government road near Bhubaneswar Airport (known as Ekamara Marg/Palashpalli Road) for streamlining the security arrangements of the VIP movements and creating buffer zone for public use.
4. High Level Steering Committee will review the National Indicator Framework on regular basis for its improvement.
Noting that the service of the people is the service of God, the Prime Minister pledged to devote himself fully to realising the dream of a developed India, by the time we mark 75 years of freedom in 2022.
In years ahead, we are determined to pursue an ambitious agenda of nuclear power generation.
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
I showed you the glimpses of a parameter which reflects the strength of our economy.
There are two common Boards namely, Board of assessment and rating to assess and grant permission to educational institutions of Indian systems of Medicine and Board of ethics and registration of practitioners of Indian systems of medicine to maintain National Register and ethical issues relating to practice under the National Commission for Indian Medicine.
24. Continue to promote private sector engagement and strengthen business-to-business relations, including through the ASEAN-India Business Council, and encourage trade events to promote brand awareness of ASEAN and India products and services to further broaden and deepen economic linkages.
Anil Madhav Dave ji will be remembered as a devoted public servant.
Airoli-Kalwa corridor will reduce congestion at Thane station and will also save time as these passengers can travel bypassing Thane.
The policies, traditions and intentions should be such that ordinary people, including the poorest of the poor can get a chance to live with equal dignity.
Shrey Gupta has stressed the point that a healthy mind resides in a healthy body only.
And, we have taken several steps towards eliminating barriers of entry.
This incident too is directly related to SardarVallabhbhai Patel.
IES Amount (In INR crore)
And so I say that please avail of this facility before this date and save yourselves from any possible trouble after the 30th of September.
The welfare of Afghanistan and its people is close to our hearts and minds.
He said that it is commendable that the Vice President has presented a report card of sorts about his first year in office, containing the rich work he has done both inside and outside Parliament.
May her soul rest in peace.”
A number of suggestions and comments were received by the Government and based on overall imperative of sustainable development of Coastal areas and need for conserving the Coastal environment, Government has approved the Coastal Regulation Zone Notification 2018 which is expected to go a long way in meeting the aspirations of Coastal communities besides ensuring welfare of poor and vulnerable populations.
3. Exhibition on Futuristic Technologies and Space Exploration which offers a vision of the future of space travel.
The Prime Minister said that our Saints and Seers taught us to absorb the best of our past and, at the same time look ahead and keep changing with the times.
The leaders look forward to India’s participation at the September 2016 Our Ocean Conference in Washington, D.C. as well as holding of the first India-U.S. Oceans Dialogue later this year, to strengthen cooperation in marine science, ocean energy, managing and protecting ocean biodiversity, marine pollution, and sustainable use of ocean resources.
The Centre will provide assistance in areas of capacity building and training, knowledge sharing and exchange of information, and hence could represent a valuable resource for UNESCO and its Intergovernmental Oceanography Commission (IOC) by enhancing the impact and visibility of UNESCO’s action.
70-72 kilometres of Railway lines were to be laid, but the project was lying in limbo for the last 42 years.
I am happy, whichever party the state government affiliated to, all the governments focused a lot on water issues this summer.
India and Bangladesh are two important developing nations in the South Asian region.
As a result of this, our roads have improved a lot and business there will surely get a boost.
Our wide-ranging defence partnership has already brought our armed forces closer.
Section
I am sure, this august gathering will come up with innovative ideas, in which hydrocarbons will continue to fuel the future in a more efficient and sustainable way.
Our discussions, that spread over three sessions today, were detailed, substantive and productive.
Our mission of Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas is an extension of this philosophy.
However, if some of the citizens of the country are into the habit of stealing and pilferage, it leads to an irreparable damage to the family and the nation.
(e) Creation of 18 additional SAG level posts taking the grade strength from 37 to 55.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the closing ceremony of National Youth Parliament Festival Awards 2019, at Vigyan Bhawan, in New Delhi.
The National Anthem of Bangladesh too, has been composed by Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore.
Together we will build such an India where the youth, the women will have enough opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
Since the start of Terrorist activities in Kashmir in 1989-1990, in action by the Security Forces:
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for interest waiver for the two months of November and December, 2016 for farmers accessing short term crop loans from Cooperative Banks.
Taking this into account, the Policy allows use of surplus food grains for production of ethanol for blending with petrol with the approval of National Biofuel Coordination Committee.
It shall not normally be the responsibility of procuring agency to verify the correctness of the claim.
I have begun the cleanliness campaign.
Our woman power achieved extraordinary feats, breaking the age old shackles of social mores, creating new records.
The 28 PRAGATI meetings so far have seen a cumulative review of projects with a total investment of over Rs. 11.75 lakh crore.
These technologies should aim to convert agri and bio-waste to satisfy multiple needs of electricity, clean water, crop-processing and cold storage.
All 45 km of Phase I of Chennai Metro becomes operational
My visit will commence in Colombo with a visit to the Seema Malaka at the Gangaramayya temple where I will take part in the traditional lamp lighting ceremony.
Sreemant Swami Ambareeshananda ji Maharaj, who had worked with the Prime Minister in Gujarat, and who was mentioned by the Prime Minister during his address, proposed the vote of thanks on the occasion.
Will cherish this aspect of our association.
The weather too these days is pleasant.
Teachers play a vital role in the shaping of young minds and building our nation.
Swami Chidanand Saraswati ji, through his work at Parmarth Niketan has shown a way to live these noble ideals.
Leaders of both countries agreed to negotiate and swiftly conclude an agreement on commencing a coordinated bus service between the two countries from Imphal in India to Mandalay in Myanmar.
In course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, it was noted that remarkable progress has been made in several areas.
Gifting of 100,000 NCERT books for school going children of Uganda.
Congratulating the award winners, Prime Minister said that their contributions to Parliament and the country would always be remembered.
This decision alone will provide an extra amount of Rs. 60 thousand crore for the farmers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Rashtriya Jan Jagriti Dharam Sammelan at Srisailam via video conference.
And I would certainly urge the youth of our country to go to Punjab, whenever they get the chance, and visit the ‘samadhi’ of Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev, Rajguru, Bhagat Singh’s mother and Batukeshwar Dutt.
It’s essential that we work together to ensure the stability of our long territorial and coastal borders.
We have also increased the number of seats in the higher education institutions by 10%.
Then there will arise the issue of laying big pipelines but how?
The Prime Minister today interacted with Young CEOs at the “Champions of Change – Transforming India through G2B partnership” initiative organised by NITI Aayog at Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra.
A delegation from the Pacific Pension and Investment (PPI) Institute, led by its President, Mr. Lionel C. Johnson, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
He said that despite facing isolation, he remained committed to his ideals.
He said PSUs can also play a key role in reducing India’s import bill.
My best wishes to you all.
It will be the second visit of the Prime Minister to Gujarat this month.
Prime Minister and I have just inaugurated the TERI-DEAKIN Research Centre on Nano and Bio Technology, which is a classic example of the kind of cutting-edge science and technology cooperation that is happening between our two countries.
Because, it captures the reality of the rise of many nations.
The development projects include IIIT, IIM and AIIMS and launch of Koradi Thermal Power Station.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the people of India for wholeheartedly participating in the ongoing Yagna against corruption, terrorism and black money.
He spoke of various measures being taken for welfare of ex-servicemen, including OROP (One Rank, One Pension).
A beginning will be made by offering staple produce such as potato and onion through selected kiosks of the Delhi Milk Scheme.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi met Her Majesty Queen Maxima of the Kingdom of the Netherlands today.
Responsibility and accountability are to be the roots of such a Suraaj.”
22. The two sides welcomed the successful negotiations and finalization of the agreement on border crossing which will help in regulating and harmonizing movement of people across the common land border and thus promote bilateral trade and tourism and directed their senior officials to expeditiously conclude the formalities for its signature.
The Policy will be applicable for five years.
But, Indians abroad are valued not just for their strength in numbers.
Areas of cooperation between the two countries include exchange programmes in the fields of youth and sports, exchange programmes for the training of officers and trainers, promotion of sports between the participants with respect to sports facilities, sports equipment, sports training and physical preparation, sports fitness and physical education.
HarivanshJi’s wife Shrimati Asha Ji, she is from Champaran.
I am delighted to know that over 7,000 yoga enthusiasts celebrated this International Yoga Day on 19 June in the grounds of the Nairobi University.
In his initial remarks, the Prime Minister quoted a story written by MunshiPremchand in 1933, to highlight the importance of easing the lives of home-makers.
Over 1.1 crore farmers have already got their first instalment directly in their bank accounts.
Exchange of Letter for Extension of MoU on the establishment of India-Myanmar Center for Enhancement of IT-Skill
The Prime Minister will address the gathering.
He further added that Yoga Day has become one of the biggest mass movements in the quest for good health and well-being.
Happy that the Bharat Ratna has been conferred on Bhupen Da.” the Prime Minister said.
South Africa is an important strategic partner, with whom our ties are historical and deep-rooted.
This was in run up to the forthcoming 9th BRICS Summit in September in Xiamen, China.
Number two – those who have to work from the table, will work from the table and those who have to work at the border, will work at border with full strength.
It will also ensure proper co-ordination with the local bodies and compliance with the directions of NMCG for pollution abatement of the river Ganga.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the mechanism and procedure for sale of the enemy shares.
I understand that the people associated with this service have been trained in India.
They have spread awareness on gender equality.
Both sides had reaffirmed their resolve to further develop their strong strategic partnership.
Vijay Bhai just told you that I came here straight away after a hectic foreign tour.
These days you must be seeing on T.V. and newspapers, everyday many new people are being taken into custody, currency notes are being seized, raids are being carried out.
H.E. Shin Bong Kil, Ambassador, RoK to India
The expedition has been titled Navika Sagar Parikrama.
U Htun Ohn, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Religious Affairs and Culture
Your cooperation is needed to create public awareness.
We salute the will and determination of all those individuals and organisations working towards protecting the environment.
Over the last three years, the Union Government has done a lot on these fronts.
India is also the second largest investor here.
Some of these ideas and suggestions I will definitely put in front of you during the Town Hall program.
Every coach has a pantry with facility to serve hot meals, hot and cold beverages.
But you must challenge the challenges and not let the challenges turn into worries.
In our choices and through our actions, we have sought to overcome barriers to our outreach to West and Central Asia, and eastwards to Asia-Pacific.
• Discussing and sharing strategies to promote the integrity of the supply chain to enhance user’s confidence in the security of ICT products and services.
Today, it is a vital part of our composite cultural mosaic that continues to thrive in their traditions.
We are ensuring that the fruits of development reach the intended beneficiaries without any scope of corruption, he added.
As per my experience, the Parliamentarians never speak anything that is valueless.
On GST, the Prime Minister said that this is becoming a reality after years of effort.
The Union Government will be investing another Rupees 60,000 crore under Special Accelerated Road Development Programme in the North-East and Rs. 30,000 crore under Bharatmala in the next two to three years to build a network of high-ways and roads in the North East Region.
Such a chain of India’s saints is reflection and result of the living society.
It is governed by a General Assembly having 83 National members, with its Council as the executive body.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has made air-travel accessible and affordable.
They welcomed the growing partnership between the two governments, private sector and at the people’s level.
During the past few days, the cashless transactions, or cashless trading has increased by 200 to 300%.
2. Benefits of the scheme are portable across the country and a beneficiary covered under the scheme will be allowed to take cashless benefits from any public/private empanelled hospitals across the country.
Both sides expressed satisfaction at the progress made in diverse fields including trade, energy, security and cultural spheres since the landmark visit of the Prime Minister to Riyadh in April 2016 – a visit which served to enhance our engagement and take our relations to the next level.
The Train will cover the distance between New Delhi and Varanasi in 8 hours and will run on all days except Mondays and Thursdays.
I will interact with the Indian community as well.
In this context, the Prime Minister spoke of the surgical strikes carried out by India recently.
That’s why this entire business of bogus names and IDs had been going on.
This in turn will result in economic development and employment generation.
Best wishes.
I extend felicitations on this pious occasion of Mahashivratri to you all.
79. Corruption remains a global challenge with long-lasting impact, including the undermining of legal systems of states.
The saint community plays a very important role with regard to environment protection.
The Prime Minister warmly recalled the State Visit of President Macron to India in March 2018, as well as their recent interaction on the sidelines of the G-20 Summit in Argentina.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for the Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT), at Una.
Thank you very much.
Our collaboration in this sector will bring value for our farmers and our villages.
He said it has been his good fortune to have got the opportunity to work with, and learn from President Pranab Mukherjee.
Prime Minister said that India has now one of the largest ecosystems in terms of start-ups and with its world-class research facilities provides the right kind of atmosphere for investment.
The existing Nagpur Metro Rail Corporation Limited (NMRCL) which is a joint Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) of Government of India (GoI) and Government of Maharashtra (GoM), would be reconstituted into Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation Limited (MAHA-METRO) for implementation of all metro projects including Pune Metro Rail Project Phase-1 in the State of Maharashtra outside Mumbai Metropolitan Region.
The NEET, CET, and UPSC Civil Services Exams were organised as per schedule.
I am also keen to meet and interact with the Indian-origin community of Myanmar, whose history goes back more than a century.
This will make available 10 GB of seamless alternate bandwidth for the region.
It will promote understanding of best agricultural practices in the two countries and will help in better productivity as well as improved global market access.
And Friends, We have also made Doing Business Smarter.
He will release a silver coin to commemorate Centenary year of Shri Saibaba Samadhi.
Subhasini Mistri is a woman who, in order to construct a hospital, cleaned utensils in the homes of others and also sold vegetables.
He said the waste of the city was going unchecked into the River Ganga.
For centuries, this festival has proved to be a shining example of social harmony.
The Prime Minister said, “Anguished by the passing away of Shri Madan Lal Khurana Ji.
Workshop on Export Credit (14 October 2016, Goa) 71.
The next five years must be about Sankalp se Siddhi – accomplishment through resolve.
I want to thank you from the core of my heart for this decision.
In the month of Bhadra, ParyushanParva is celebrated by the Jain Community.
And, for this, we stand ready to do our part.
But we will not tolerate those who like to export terror.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress made towards rollout of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana, under Ayushman Bharat.
45. We reaffirm our support for the process of an “Afghan-led, Afghan-owned’’ national peace and reconciliation process.
But we must also keep in mind that now with the increasing Globalization, the whole world is changing into a single market.
o A state should cooperate, in a manner consistent with its domestic law and international obligations, with requests for assistance from other States in investigating cyber crimes, collecting electronic evidence and mitigating malicious cyber activity emanating from its territory.
SEBI should work for closer linkage between spot markets like e-NAM and derivatives markets to benefit farmers.
You may recall that one of our Prime Ministers in his address from the ramparts of Red Fort had talked about the poor state of affairs of the power supply companies of the country.
“Birthday wishes to Rashtrapati ji.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Shri Ambareesh.
They agreed to significantly enhance efforts to build on the convergences through the established mechanisms in order to create the broadest possible platform for the future relationship.
Food processing also holds solutions to nutrition security.
3. Net increase of 370 posts of DIG/Commandant/2 1C (JAG level).
The Prime Minister asserted that Swachhata, or cleanliness, has to be become our habit.
Replace Tai Khamti’ instead of ‘Khampti’ at serial No. 6.
This also inspires us to accomplish our responsibilities within a record time.
Meghalaya has a large number of football clubs and associations.
He appreciated the role played by the diaspora in contributing towards the American economy.
Let me give an example.
DGLL establishes and maintains Aids to Navigation in general waters along coast of India including A&N and Lakshadweep group of islands, as per Lighthouse Act 1927.
• The two Leaders welcomed the submission of a Vision Document 2025 by the India-Indonesia Eminent Persons Group (EPG) that had begun their work earlier in the year.
And many commodities are purchased directly by the poor and the needy, not by investors.
Detailed designs are under preparation.
We remember the noble teachings of Lord Christ.
Prime Minister will also visit the exhibition set up on the occasion atRajpath lawns.
We have moved on with great strides in Make in India.
He said this has created lakhs of employment opportunities.
I also express my gratitude to all of you for giving me the opportunity for a wonderful interaction.
PMS in the Ocean Ridges have attracted worldwide attention for their long term commercial as well as strategic values.
I shall also request listeners of Mann Ki Baat who are engaged in the field of Sanskrit, to ponder over ways & means to take Komalji’s suggestion forward.
Farmers in this village have taken so many initiatives such as using sprinklers, drip irrigation techniques, water harvesting and water recharging, that today their village is strong enough to cope with the water crisis that they face.
There would be a sense of relief where the examinations are over, but where the examinations are still on, there certainly would still be some amount of pressure.
And, in one episode of Mann Ki Baat I had said that while having our food, we must also be conscious of consuming only as much as we need and see to it that there is no wastage.
My dear countrymen, we celebrate 5th September as Teacher’s Day.
Events related to sanitation and renewable energy shall be the focus of the Prime Minister’s engagements on Gandhi Jayanti.
The best three participants – three at the district level, three at the state level will be given prizes.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is sensitive to the needs and concerns of the farmers.
Some students even wrote that they would rather go without celebrating birthday but the toilet must be constructed.
Usually, the months of July and August are very important for farmers and the youth.
You will feel much lighter.
He said that the work for this project, which was first approved in 2007, began three years ago, and the first phase has already been completed.
The two leaders directed their relevant agencies to coordinate efforts to counter radicalization and misuse of religion by groups and countries for inciting hatred, perpetrating and justifying terrorism for pursuing political aims.
The MoU provides for deepening the strategic partnership, development of infrastructure in Bangladesh, improving connectivity between India and Bangladesh, thus enhancing accessibility to our North Eastern Region, as well as creating new business opportunities for Indian companies in Bangladesh.
Surat airport is the third busiest airport in Gujarat after Ahmedabad and Vadodara in terms of both aircraft movements and passenger traffic.
He said a comprehensive approach is being adopted for education, under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
Our soldiers, the para-military forces and the Police are laying down their lives and are in service of the people of the country day in and day out for maintaining the splendour and dignity of the National flag, the tricolour.
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
The Prime Minister also said that the Smart City Mission is based on civic participation, civic aspiration, and civic responsibility.
Let me start with energy access.
Defence, Construction Development, Insurance, Pension, Other Financial Services, Asset reconstruction Companies, Broadcasting, Civil Aviation, Pharmaceuticals, Trading etc.
I salute all those who are embracing transparency and honesty.
The approval would increase access and quality of higher education and help in minimizing the regional imbalances in education facilities, and give effect to the Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act, 2014.
Prime Minister Modi will also inaugurate new Crude Oil Pipeline from Chennai Port to Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited’s (CPCL) Manali Refinery.
The employees at Banglore and Tumkur availed this Golden Handshake scheme approved by Govt of India and went home happily.
When a work is delayed, it is not only the project that is delayed.
Vesak is an occasion for us to celebrate this unbroken shared heritage of Buddhism.
But they have definitely taken the help of someone who needs to be identified.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with the winners of the Pradhan Mantri Rashtriya Bal Puraskar 2019.
These are just a few examples.
Twenty-four Atal New India Challenges (ANIC) have been launched and more than 800 applications have been received.
Thank you, Thank you very much.
I am hopeful that the patriotic fervour will ensure that people will provide correct information to our agencies so that we can intensify our efforts to crush terror.
In terms of Constitutional provisions, setting up the 15thFinance Commission, the recommendations of which will cover the five years commencing on April 1, 2020, has now become due.
He described Gurudev as a global citizen.
People should carry back the message of cleanliness with them.
I have always considered Radio as an effective means of connecting with people.
The huge reservoir, spread over an area of 45 square kilometers, can also be used for development of fisheries.
The Prime Minister said that Pakyong Airport would greatly ease connectivity to Sikkim.
PM Muscat had a bilateral meeting with PM Modi on the sidelines of the Summit.
Telangana Super Thermal Power Project expected to commission in third quarter of 2020-2021.
The Prime Minister said that “Minimum Government, Maximum Governance”and “सबका साथ, सबका विकास” form the basis for New India.
The Prime Minister explained that the date of August 9th, is intrinsically linked with the mantra of “Sankalp se Siddhi” – “Achievement through Resolve.”
This will ensure that the infrastructure created under the project is operational on a sustainable basis.
Thus all sections and regions of both the countries are benefited.
It will also be the biggest land port in South Asia.
He will address a gathering consisting of IT professionals, and employees of IT and electronic manufacturing organizations.
Together we will build such an India which will be clean and healthy, and where the dream of Su-Raj will be fulfilled.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Madhya Pradesh on 23rd June, 2018.
Please come forward, Chartered Accountants have an extremely important role in the success and proper implementation of the laws recently passed by the government, particularly the insolvency and bankruptcy code.
Let us ensure that the nation’s wealth benefits the poor
We are scaling up R&D on clean carbon technologies, technologies for enhancement of energy efficiency and increased and efficient use of renewable energy.
Under the MoU, a Joint Working Group (JWG) will be formed to enhance cooperation on matters of mutual interest including consultations on bilateral issues.
Both sides agreed to continue security policy dialogue at the level of National Security Advisors, in line with the Joint Statement.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of various festivals across India.
As a result of all these policies, Foreign Direct Investment has reached record levels.
The optimism of its youth seeks change, opportunities, progress and prosperity.
It was said that a corruption free government in India was impossible, but people of India have made it possible.
ii.No budgetary support for any wage increase shall be provided by the Government.
Hon. Uwacu Julienne, Minister of Sports and Culture
I had visited a public library to motivate people to read.
India and South Africa share and enjoy warm and friendly bilateral relations.
India and Japan see each other through a prism of shared Buddhist heritage, democratic values, and commitment to an open, inclusive and rules-based global order.
The Memorandum of Understanding is expected to bring in the latest technologies and best practices suited for bringing about better environment protection, better conservation, and better management of climate change and wildlife protection/conservation.
The projects reviewed today, include the Chennai Beach-Korukkupet third line and the Chennai Beach-Attippattu fourth line; the Howrah-Amta-Champadanga new Broad Gauge line; and four-laning of Varanasi bypass; four-laning of Muzaffarnagar-Haridwar section of NH-58.
This is the strength of India.
He will address a public meeting, and distribute RuPay cards to beneficiaries at the Shri Kshetra Dharmasthala Rural Development Project, at Ujire.
The Vivekananda Kendra had, in September 2015, hosted the first edition of this unique conference,representing various religions and traditions, in New Delhi, which had been addressed by the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister said that today, the farmer buys in retail, but sells in wholesale.
But on the other hand, we were ranked close to one hundred in the global corruption perceptions ranking two years back.
But, we are equally determined to succeed.
This becomes even more special because we are doing so at a time when we mark the 150th birth anniversary of Bapu, the Prime Minister said.
The event is being organized at Shillong.
If this happens, the country will be at a loss.
He encouraged States to boost “Ease of Doing Business.”
They organise debates on topics of public interest, and hold essay competitions and rangoli competitions.
65% of Indians are under the age of 35.
This will be backed by a well-defined Grievance Redressal Mechanism.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modiwill also inaugurate New High Court Circuit Bench at Jalpaiguri.
We wish to forge a strong economic relationship with Vietnam that can mutually benefit our citizens.
If you involve twenty persons in a day, by evening, you would’ve earned two hundred rupees.
Congratulations Vikas Thakur for the Bronze in the men’s 94kg event.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy.
He wantsour history and heritage to be part of our national pride and consciousness.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the Vice President for presenting his thoughts to the future generations through the book.
Objective of the Scheme
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
He explained how tele-density, internet coverage, and mobile internet subscriptions have increased in the recent past.
“16-year old Saurabh Chaudhary illustrates the potential and prowess our youth is blessed with.
The convention of students is being held on 11th September, the day Swami Vivekananda delivered his historic address at Chicago in 1893.
And take the full onus to ensure that your city should not lag behind and your street or mohalla should not look to be wanting.
If you do Yoga, keep doing it.
More importantly, it will also ease the case-load on Indian courts.
He thanked the Chief Minister of Tripura, Shri Biplab Kumar Deb, for his facilitation in completion of this work.
Congress questions the EC and EVM but Modi is destroying institutions.
Apart from this, the government has already identified more than 37 thousand Shell companies who are engaged in hiding black money and hawala transactions.
In Koppal district of Karnataka, a sixteen year old girl Mallamma started a Satyagrah against her own family.
Also 809 fishermen along with 68 boats (66 boats from Kerala and 2 from Tamil Nadu) safely reached Devgarh port in Sindhudurg, Maharashtra.
We in India, give primacy to the human face of technology, and are using it to improve what I call, “ease of living.”
This is an exemplary glimpse of the feeling of positivity, innate to our countrymen.
And besides India, these satellites are of France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Britain and America, nearly 14 such countries.
• Ministry through policy measures will ensure availability of raw materials like Iron ore, Coking coal and non-coking coal, Natural gas etc. at competitive rates.
They declared that this relationship is an important factor for global peace and stability and appreciated each other’s respective roles as major powers with common responsibilities for maintaining global peace and stability.
More Technology Business Incubators have been established in the last four years than in the forty years before that, he added.
High circulation of cash also strengthens the hawala trade which is directly connected to black money and illegal trade in weapons.
He said that good infrastructure is no longer about roads and railways alone – it includes several other aspects that bring about a qualitative change in society.
Though, some berths and facilities have been set up in some Major Ports following these Guidelines, the potential for development of such facilities is not yet fully realized.
The emerging needs of the industry and the economy, as a whole for skilled technical manpower is expected to be met from the talent pool of trained personnel of the institutes.
It is very, very similar to a game of Chess.
I am also showing you the slides.
He said that as a vision, the Government is working to reduce the sense of imbalance at the national level.
Friends from media,
The two leaders welcomed the idea of holding informal Summits as an additional engagement at leadership level, besides the Annual Summits between the two leaders.
He also mentioned reforms in sectors such as defence, construction, food-processing etc.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to proposal for dissolution of Central Inland Water Transport Corporation Limited (CIWTC).
This will help to develop Agra as a modern world class smart city, befitting its stature as a premium tourist destination.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing Memorandum of Understanding between India and Kuwait for cooperation on the Recruitment of Domestic Workers.
Sharing of expertise and experiences;
We have put most sectors on automatic approval and opened up sectors like defence and railways to foreign investment.
Essential Services Maintenance Act, 1968
The Cabinet also approved allocation of funds to the State under DAY-NRLM on a need basis for implementation of the Special Package without linking it with poverty ratio.
Joint Research Contract between National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science & Technology (AIST), Japan and Department of Biotechnology (DBT)
Addressing a large gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister recalled that even as Chief Minister of Gujarat, it had always been his firm belief that water was most important for the farmer.
From Dwarka, the Prime Minister will arrive in Chotila, in Surendranagar district.
Starting with just 15 children from the slums near Geeta Colony in New Delhi it is now being run at 12 places and two thousand children have been brought under its fold.
By that yardstick, we have a long way to go.
He said that the Union Government is working towards creation of an environment which shatters the confidence of the corrupt, and instills confidence and trust among the honest taxpayer.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Swami Vivekananda, on his birth anniversary.
This policy denotes important change from very selective to comprehensive primary health care package which includes geriatric health care, palliative care and rehabilitative care services.
It will help spread awareness about Gandhian culture, values and philosophy.
“I think the average person is highly aware of our innovation ties as the outcome of our engagement touches his life.
We would like to see such domestic efforts buttressed by strong international partnerships.
Secondly, after our Government was formed, the first decision taken by our Cabinet was to form a Special Investigation Team to bring back Black Money which was pending despite Supreme Court’s 2011 order.
But it happened for the first time that when our daughters did not succeed in winning the World Cup, the hundred and twenty-five million people took this defeat on their own shoulders, never letting the burden weigh down these daughters of ours.
Speaking of the city gas distribution project, the Prime Minister said that 8000 houses in Varanasi have already received piped cooking gas connections.
About three months ago, leaders from over 45 nations, and Heads of International Organizations, gathered here in New Delhi, for the Founding Conference of the International Solar Alliance.
In a first, I am happy that India is facilitating an outreach Summit with the BIMSTEC leaders of Bangladesh, Bhutan, Myanmar, Nepal, Sir Lanka and Thailand.
And the world is seeing that Pakistan is finding it difficult to respond.
And I am confident that all of us, be from this side or that side, all the MPs will have your support.
I greatly look forward to my visit to St. Petersburg in this special year for the bilateral relationship as both countries celebrate the 70th Anniversary of our diplomatic relations.
The Prime Minister reiterated his vision of SabkaSaath, SabkaVikas, and stressed on balanced development of the region.
On the one hand they were struggling against all odds; on the other, the world over, humanity joined hands in expressing the noblest & the most righteous of human virtues.
Indian security forces have not only saved people in various countries but also won their hearts with their people friendly operations.
Steel is one of the most important products in the modern world and forms the backbone to any industrial economy.
In order to ensure transparency and cost effectiveness, a provision for concurrent audit, safety audits, research institutions and financial framework has been made.
He called upon everyone to work together to enhance capacities and help the poor.
Today is the time to say that Good Governance is our birth right and we will have it.
In that struggle, he never spared anyone.
The Prime Minister said that cleanliness, or Swachhta, is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
The first phase of the TSTPP will comprise two units of 800 MW each and second phase for three units of 800 MW each.
Accordingly, the Government of India formulated the Draft National Health Policy and placed it in public domain on 30th December, 2014.
Owing to the strategic importance of the sector along with the need to have a robust and restructured policy in present scenario, the new NSP, 2017 became imminent.
An Indian Expert has been mutually selected by the Government of India and the Government of the Kingdom of Eswatini under the TIWB programme.
The Prime Minister urged the officers to inculcate team spirit, and work towards breaking silos, in whatever capacity they serve.
39. In the last few days the way the people of Balochistan, Gilgit, from Pak occupied Kashmir have thanked me, it is the honour of 1.25 billion people of India.
Construction Development: Townships, Housing, Built-up Infrastructure and Real Estate Broking Services
So in order to realize this promise by 75th year of Independence, we want to move along with the farmers in that direction by bringing modernity and diversity in agricultural sector.
Observing that the houses that were visible today during the e-Gruhpravesh seemed to be of excellent quality, he said this became possible only because there are no middlemen involved.
Brothers and sisters, a short while ago Nitin Ji, Gadkari Ji presented a sketch to you, perhaps, this kind of massive work of building infrastructure in such a short span of time would never have been done in Bihar before.
You can now get Indian visa sitting at home in your email, and that too at no cost!
Such assets, having passed the stages of land acquisition and environment and forest clearances, are relatively de-risked.
It also wonderful for our bilateral economic partnership.
Because, whether it is on land or in the waters of the Indian Ocean, the security of our societies is indivisible.
In addition to this, Health Minister’s Cancer Patient Fund (HMCPF) shall also be transferred to the Department.
He said that the Gram Swaraj Abhiyan would ensure that all development initiatives launched by the Union Government in the last four years, reach the poor and disadvantaged sections of society.
Lifestyle disease is raising consciousness globally, about the nature and quality of food consumption.
An action plan was chalked out and on January 13 th a day before Makar-Sankranti, in the first phase of Mission Clean Morna sanitation of the two sides of the bank of the Morna river at fourteen places spread over an area of four kilometers, was carried out.
The first rural BPO at Bandipora was inaugurated by the PM on this occasion.
The oceans that surround the Indian peninsula have over thirteen hundred of our islands.
We also underscored the importance of deepening our two decades old valuable cooperation in the field of Space.
During financial years 2010-14 total procurement was Rs. 3500 crore only whereas during financial years 2014-18, it has risen 10 times and reached to Rs. 34,000 crore.
I have announced setting up of a committee.
My dear countrymen, exam time in schools throughout the nation is soon going to dawn upon us.
iv. The designated Airline of each party can enter into cooperative marketing arrangements with the designated carriers of same party, other party and third country,
The principle and rationale behind these matrices are the same.
We have already opened this facility in 350 to 400 districts where free Dialysis services are available for the poor.
Each one became committed to do something.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated India’s longest bridge – the 9.15 km long Dhola-Sadiya bridge, over the River Brahmaputra, in Assam.
I convey my best wishes to our Men’s Hockey Team for this tournament and assure them that 125 crore Indians are supporting them.
Leading lights from the oil and gas sector are attending PETROTECH 2019.
But, it is not a temporary or transactional relationship.
This could be started with 50 or 100 books.
Speaking on the agriculture sector, the Prime Minister said the use of technology was imperative.
The financial amount/budget for achieving 25% of the total training targets of next phase of PMKVY would be directly allocated to the States.
Indo-Russian Rifles Pvt. Ltd. to be dedicated to the nation Several development projects for Amethi and the region to be unveiled by PM
National Social Assistance Programme
We must strive tirelessly to do so.
Owing to mutual interest in maritime security and maritime domain awareness, the leaders welcomed the conclusion of a technical arrangement for sharing of maritime “White Shipping” information.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the policy for providing preference to domestically manufactured iron & steel products on Government procurement.
Thailand is a trusted and valued friend, and one of our closest partners in Southeast Asia.
He added that all sections of society too, have come together in this endeavour.
India committed to reducing thirty-three to thirty-five percent of emission intensity of its GDP during 2005 to 2030.
Somebody needed to take a decision in this regard.
IREP will be a modern expansion complex and transform Kochi refinery into the largest PSU Refinery in India with world class standards.
At a large public meeting, the Prime Minister distributed sanction letters to select beneficiaries of Long Line Trawlers under the Blue Revolution Scheme.
1. Increase of one post of Special DG (HAG + level).
That will fetch such terrific results that one could have never ever imagined.
For example, when we entrusted the community the task of reconstructing a school, the earthquake-resistant building was completed in time, at a lesser cost, and the savings were returned to Government.
A contribution of equal amount as that of the beneficiary will be made by the Union Government, PM said.
The entire nation is eager to welcome you as voters of the 21st century.
The security of these forts was the responsibility of the Maratha Navy.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate and lay foundation stone for various development projects in Kutch today.
The award belongs to the success that India has achieved in the less than five years, powered by the strengths and skillsof one point three billion Indians.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
He said that paying tax to the Government and serving the humanity are parallel to paying tax to the God.
Infrastructure development, Connectivity and Ease of Doing Business to get a fillip in Coastal and Western Odish
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Australia on cooperation in the field of Health and Medicine.
On account of the unwavering resolve of our countrymen, swachchata, sanitation coverage is rapidly advancing towards crossing the 95% mark.
Professor, Urban Transport, School of Planning & Architecture (SPA), Delhi
I am told that there are about ten Nobel Prize winning discoveries that have gone into the making of a smart phone.
The MoU was signed by Shri Somnath Ghosh, Ambassador of India to Tajikistan, for Youth Affairs and Sports, Govt. of India and Mr. AbdullozodaAhtamRustam, Chairman of the Committee for Youth and Sports Affairs for the Government of the Republic of Tajikistan.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Indian columnist, humorist and playwright Shri Taarak Mehta.
The President recalled the Prime Minister’s congratulatory phone call and tweet in Korean language, which was warmly received by the people of South Korea.
Welcoming the delegates to the International Conference and Cultural Festival from India and abroad, the Prime Minister paid his respects to Dada Lekhraj, the founder of Prajapita Brahmakumari Ishvariya Vishvidyalaya.
The impossible is now possible, he declared, as he spoke of the progress made in making India clean and corruption free; in the poorleveraging the power of technology, and in removing discretion and arbitrariness in policy making.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Agreement between India and Algeria on Cooperation in the field of Space Sciences, Technologies and Applications.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to earthquake in Aceh province of Indonesia.
He said it would also help farmers, and be of immense help in the agriculture sector.
Interacting with the Indian community in Maputo, the Prime Minister said Africa is the land which first shaped the identity of the Indian diaspora.
It can also help integrate our SMEs into global value chains.
France and United Kingdom and trilateral MoU with Brazil and South Africa.
This shows the extent to which corruption and black money have spread their tentacles.
Secretary Kerry also shared U.S. perspective on developments in the region and beyond with Prime Minister.
In addition, we are also implementing a strategic market entry support Programme, since September 2015.
Subsequently both agencies have signed cooperative documents addressing lunar exploration, satellite navigation, X-ray astronomy and Asia Pacific Regional Space Agency Forum (APRSAF).
We have taken a number of drasticsteps.
But don’t you think that we should enter into the year 2018, remembering the positive events, to do some good?
Under the MoU, German Social Accident Insurance (DGUV) through the International Social Security Association (ISSA) is bringing in knowhow to meet the OSH challenges, especially in the construction and manufacturing sector.
All these changes are creating opportunities for employment like in Start up India, Stand Up India.
In civil aviation, India is currently the eighth largest market in the world and set to become the world’s third largest by 2034.
The JIPFL delegation conveyed that there is strong bipartisan support in Japan for strengthening relations between Japan and India, and welcomed the progress achieved in High Technology cooperation, especially in High Speed Railway.
Praising the Bohra community, PM Modi said that it is his good fortune to have received the affection of Bohra community.
Therefore, we must take a firm resolve today.
I don’t have to be caught in a traffic jam and I don’t have to stop for anyone as well.
The plaque for the foundation stone was unveiled by the Prime Minister at Vigyan Bhawan.
From 1968 the Bharatiya Janata Party and Bharatiya Jansangh had been accomplishing the responsibility of Udupi Municipal Corporation for more than four decades.
Where do our interests converge and how much?
Under the New Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy’ the competitive bidding will be continuous and blocks will be awarded twice a year.
He also added that this is an opportunity to bring the aspirational districts among these districts, out of their chronic development deficit.
It was started 25 years back with just 21 crores but now it is completed entailing a cost of Rs 500 crores.
On 18th June, the Indian Air Force for the very first time inducted its first batch of women fighter pilots.
Well done Sathish Kumar Sivalingam for clinching a Gold in the 77 kg weight category.
Joint Statement on Early Harvest Package of the Upgraded Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA)
That’s what I tell all my young friends.
The Prime Minister specifically asked concerned officials to systematize the measures being taken by them to address grievances of students.
This could be of use to poor households.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to enhancement of Pension for Freedom Fighters and for the spouses (widows/widowers), eligible daughters and dependent parents of deceased Freedom Fighters, under the Swatantrata Sainik Samman Pension Scheme (SSSPS), 1980.
The total renewable generation capacity has crossed 57 GigaWatts, with an increase of 24.5% being registered in the last fiscal year.
Col. Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore
He said technology can only be embraced collectively within an institution.
This is of paramount importance for the livelihood of a common Kashmiri.
The ideas coming from those sessions are being incorporated into policy.
And the second one is that the limit under the Anti Defection Law was enhanced from one-thirds to two-thirds.
Seven, we will strengthen our cooperation and mutual capabilities in combating terrorism and extremism; keeping our cyberspace safe and secure; and, supporting the UN in advancing and keeping peace;.
He will perform Ganga Pujan, and visit the Swachh Kumbh exhibition.
3. Apart from his official engagements in Nay Pyi Taw, Prime Minister Modi will visit places of historical and cultural importance at Bagan and Yangon.
Today, we are celebrating the festival of independence at a time when news reports have brought in a new consciousness in the country.
The government has passed the new law in consonance with the spirit expressed by the United Nations.
Herat has time and again seen sublime glory and tragic ruin.
45. The Sides welcomed the conclusion of the contract for the supply of the S-400 Long Range Surface to Air Missile System to India.
Vaccination efforts are progressing at a quick pace, helping women and children in particular.
•Use of latest pedagogy and technology applications: Envisioned to be a best-in-class institute which will use latest pedagogy and technology applications to provide high-quality education and training.
The Prime Minister has also approved Rs. 50,000 each for those seriously injured due to the collapse of an under-construction flyover in Varanasi.
f) Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and Sustainable Development Goals; and
On the special occasion of Vishu, I convey my good wishes to the people of Kerala.
Therefore I decided to pick up the habit during vacations.
It would help in the proper application of Customs laws, prevention and investigation of Customs offences and the facilitation of legitimate trade.
Look how the solutions to problems are found, this is the power of the people.
India and Tajikistan enjoy a rewarding partnership in capacity and institution-building, including under the Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation training programme.
“Congrats to our women’s hockey team for winning the Asian Champions Trophy 2016.
India’s economic interests shall be better served by a higher number of arbitration experts and lawyers.
The message that our Constitution conveys is that no one should be harmed in any way.
The Prime Minister said that today, the people want the country to rid itself of its weaknesses as soon as possible.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
I salute such great Saint.
The new AIIMS will be completed in a period of 48 months with a pre-construction phase of 12 months, construction phase of 30 months and stabilization / commissioning phase of 6 months.
It is a scheme of the Government of India.
During the same event, the Prime Minister will inaugurate the 555-bed Super Speciality Block in Safdarjung Hospital.
Engagement with International Agencies will also apprise the Ministry of the developments taking place Worldwide in Biofuel sector, provide opportunity of personal interaction with innovators/ Researchers and help in bringing suitable policy ecosystem.
Keeping in view the State specific requirements, States/ UTs will have the flexibility to modify these rates within a limited bandwidth.
• The Leaders noted that the relationship had acquired a new momentum following the establishment of a Strategic Partnership in November 2005.
You must have wondered how to keep 2018 etched in your memory!
Joint Declaration of Intent of Cooperation for Safety in the Railway sector between India and Italy
The Agreement was signed on 1st October 2018 at New Delhi during the State visit of the President of Uzbekistan to India.
It comes from the love and admiration for Afghans in our hearts.
Almost 70 per cent of these embraced martyrdom just in Africa.
ITC has a vast reservoir of international expertise on employment, labour, human resource development, and capacity building.
The Programme will also meet the launch requirement of satellites for Earth observation, Navigation and Space Sciences.
The education regarding importance of food is essential right from childhood.
MOU Between DBT and National Institute of Advanced Science & Technology (AIST)
The Union Government had decided to celebrate 7th March 2019 as ‘Jan Aushadhi Diwas’ across India, for creating awareness and providing impetus onthe use of generic medicines.
The following initiatives were also rolled out under NHM during 2016-17:-
It has also put India among the fastest growing sources of tourism in Southeast Asia.
Our goal is to be able to live up to our ancient texts which say, “Keep pure For the Earth is our Mother and we are her children”.
“I bow to this land of Bihar.
So far 18 crore poor people of the country have joined the Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana and Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana.
We have translated that into “BetiBachaoBetiPadhao”- a progamme that focuses on the girl child, and on giving her the best quality of life and education.
I pray that those injured recover at the earliest”, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi chaired the sixth meeting of National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) at New Delhi, today.
In the life of the farmer of this country both aspects have been important- reverence to his soil and preserving & nurturing it scientifically.
• We particularly want to engage with your world class mining companies.
The Agreement would provide a legal framework for sharing of information and intelligence between the Customs authorities of the two countries and help in the proper application of Customs laws, prevention and investigation of Customs offences and the facilitation of legitimate trade.
IALA is the international body coordinating and harmonizing the use of all Aids to Navigation.
I had the opportunity to meet some young daughters, some of who, were born in the Himalayas, who had absolutely no connection with the sea.
iii. Necessary administrative and financial flexibility will be provided to Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) for an effective aviation safety oversight system and for creating a transparent single-window system for all aviation safety related issues.
I pray that the injured recover soon.
The Prime Minister thanked His Royal Highness Crown Prince for sorting out the issue of “Iqamah” for the Indian Labour who were stranded in Saudi Arabia for no fault of their own, and resolving this humanitarian issue.
And, you will be surprised to know about the results achieved after the farmers received the information and guidelines about soil health.
– to mainstream external ideas into Government policies, through collaboration with national and international experts;
At Kalaburagi, PM will launch development projects in various sectors like Energy, Health and Education for the benefit of the people of Karnataka.
Similarly, each district can also select some food items for production, and one item for specialisation.
ii) Covering almost all secondary and many tertiary hospitalizations. (except a negative list)
But the story does not end here.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the inaugural session of the 90th Annual General Meeting of FICCI.
The in principle approval is to take up the project under PPP model to reduce budgetary support of Government of India.
He said that in Gujarat, there is a constant effort to ensure that adequate water reaches every part of the state.
Additional resources are to be provided to Cooperative Banks through NABARD for refinance to the Cooperative Banks on account of interest waiver of two months for November and December, 2016.
Today solar energy is gaining popularity in India.”
It was about my personal struggles.
He was the Urban Development Minister in the Cabinet too.
What is the reason that the people have left the villages and are staying in the cities?
It leads to division among the people, division among the societies and division among the countries.
Actually, Pandharpur Wari is an amazing journey in itself.
The Prime Minister will also lay the Foundation Stone for the Centre for Tribal Studies, Acharya Vinoba Bhave University, Hazaribagh.
Noida has a potential of about 10,000 industrial units and presently about 7,500 are developed and functional.
The manner he has spent his entire life in the service of Gau-mata, is unique in itself.
He congratulated everyone associated with the construction of this Statue.
Every house should have electricity connection, power for all.
They agreed to continue efforts to develop cleaner energy systems, renewable energy and fuels, increased energy efficiency and technologies for cleaner energy production.
In an ambience of love, brotherhood and humanity, we are about to bid adieu to the last month of Phalgun and are eagerly awaiting to welcome the arrival of the new month of Chaitra.
He recalled Mahatma Gandhi’s “Constructive Programme”, published in 1945, where rural sanitation was an important subject.
He fought against oppression & injustice.
In doing so, the portal is expected to help catalyse greater collaboration towards the service of the weaker sections of society, especially by leveraging the benefits of technology.
We want world-classtechnologies to achieve our goal in a faster and cleaner way.
He gave the example of the Canadian snowboarder Mark McMorris, who won a bronze medal in the ongoing Winter Olympic Games, just eleven months after suffering a life threatening injury.
I am sure that the football stadium being constructed at a cost of 38 crore rupees with the support of the Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region, will go a long way towards fulfilling this objective.
It envisages improving B2B collaboration leading to employment opportunities.
Today I am also happy to dedicate 12 Post Office Passport Sewa Kendras in Tamil Nadu.
He mentioned schemes such as Swachh Bharat Mission, Beti Bachao – Beti Padhao, and Ujjwala Yojana, which have benefited women.
I am delighted to welcome President Lukashenku to India.
The building will house modern schooling facilities for the benefit of over 1000 school children.
It has empowered women with skills and the youth with the education to shoulder the responsibility for Afghanistan’s future.
In a world suffering from mental stress, Yoga promises calm.
Jai Hind!”, the Prime Minister said.
The Bill would provide for a comprehensive resolution framework for specified financial sector entities to deal with bankruptcy situation in banks, insurance companies and financial sector entities.
Then there is the Gujarat state election.
Union Ministers, and officials from the NITI Aayog were also present on the occasion.
Paying homage to Lord Basaveshwara, he said Basaveshwara had envisioned a democratic arrangement, several centuries ago.
Significantly, some young friends have attempted a study on the myriad subjects touched upon, over the many episodes of ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
India has been home to several saints, seers who have served society and reformed it, he added.
To establish a mechanism to identify potential areas for collaboration between India and Japan in common domains of primary healthcare, prevention of non-communicable diseases, maternal and child health services, sanitation, hygiene, nutrition and elderly care
“Saal Mubarak to all Gujaratis across the world.
In India, it is easily acceptable that one God could be worshiped in various forms.
We all saw that and we also know who were the main players involved in this competition.
Thirty years ago, a country might have been able to look inward and find its own solutions.
He appealed to oil producing countries to channel their investible surplus to pursue commercial exploitation in oil sector in the developing countries.
The Prime Minister said Seva Bhav is a part of our culture.
He said that security cannot be achieved selectively, or alone.
The crucial question is how do nations act in a situation where the frames of reference are shifting rapidly.
The OM was approved by the Cabinet on 8th January 2019.
He added, “Power and energy matter immensely in the development journey of a nation.
The MoU intends to enhance cooperation in the field of water resources development and management within the framework of their expertise and their respective legislations.
Sant Kabir had also tirelessly worked to liberate the society from cast system and karmakand.
Kenya’s climate nurtures not just the Big Five.
· Muzaffarpur-Raxaul
Yoga is the way to create such a harmony and peace within individuals, family, society, nation and ultimately all over the world.
The PM said, “Remembering Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya Ji on his Punya Tithi.
The Prime Minister said that people in India are now getting opportunities and the right environment.
The Prime Minister will be visiting Washington, D.C. on 24-26 June.
The advisors/ intermediaries like Merchant Bankers, Legal Adviser, Selling Brokers etc. as may be required for the disposal of movable enemy property, will be appointed by DIPAM through an open tender/limited tender process.
The next year will mark 100 years of the Jalliwanwallahbagh massacre.
Making politics an all pervasive, powerful factor is not an effective way for a healthy society.
In the cricket series against England, India has triumphed 4-0.
We have also given a big thrust to LED lighting.
In ancient India, there were several mechanisms for settlement of disputes between the parties.
I will share with you.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that a fully dedicated university for Communication and Entertainment is a need of hour and urged Film personalities to suggest and contribute on this.
It is expected to enable India to use new technological developments.
In a way, the journey of your life has also been the journey of an Independent Kenya.
He always showed the path of truth, work, service, kindness and amity to the society.
We can create such a scenario in the House.
The summit also provided forum for pitching competition, strategic workshops and sector-programmes to help in creating new collaborations amongst entrepreneurs and Investors.
The MOU includes targets for exports of Tur and other pulses from Mozambique to India for five financial years and aims at doubling the trade from 100,000 tonnes in 2016-17 to 200,000 tonnes is 2020-21.
Such timely investment would boost infrastructure in renewable sector and facilitate achievement of ambitious targets for the renewable energy sector.
PM said “I hope each child will realise her full potential and make the nation proud”.
He also laid the foundation stone for the construction of Northern Regional Centre Campus of Indian Institute of Mass Communication at Jammu.
Several national and international conferences, and competitions on 125 solutions to scientifically challenging problems are also on the agenda.
I specially thank you for your phone call.
MoU in pharmaceuticals between Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO), GoI, and National Administration of Drugs, Food and Medical Technology, Argentina
“Shri Guru Nanak DevJi taught us the path of truth, righteousness and compassion.
3. Farmers are at a risk of not getting appropriate price for their produce during the surplus production phase.
Mr. Daniel Carmon, Ambassador of Israel to India
In return, I was overwhelmed by the generous affection and warmth of the Israeli people, led by my friend, Bibi.
This is the eighth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
The Indian diaspora was infused with new confidence.
Shri Modi said that Union Government is working tirelessly for welfare of the poor.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condemned the attack in Manchester, United Kingdom.
These include:
Dedication to Nation of National Cancer Institute, Bhadsa, Jhajjar
Name: Anil Madhav Dave
He said that he is happy that in the last few years, there has been steady progress towards this goal.
How can we conserve each single drop of rain water?
It can become the new backbone for digital innovation in Africa.
He described the mass movement of Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan as a phenomenon unparalleled anywhere in the world, in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need to further increase public awareness and participation in the task of cleaning the River Ganga.
PM has in the past inaugurated the 12 the edition of PETROTECH-2016on 5 December 2016.
Last Wednesday, I got an opportunity to meet these daughters and listen to their experiences.
Both the Countries face many environmental challenges like waste water management, conservation of threatened species, control of air and water pollution and increased demand for natural resources.
This is a great way to pay tributes to Bapu.
The business community was unhappy with the inertia and stagnation that had set in.
• Our two way annual trade stands at around US$ 3 billion;
In the year 2015-16, Bonds worth Rs. 99,541 crore were floated by the participating States to clear 50% of the outstanding debt of States and outstanding CPSU dues in Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir.
The policy assigns specific quantitative targets aimed at reduction of disease prevalence/incidence, for health status and programme impact, health system performance and system strengthening.
Our 70 billion dollars trade has grown 25 times over 25 years.
The total completion cost of three metro corridors will be Rs.24,948.65 crore.
However, no delusion or diversion has been noticed there.
We are also familiar with Japan’s enormous contributions to the process of development in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa.
The amount was raised through the contribution from ITBP personnel.
Implementation Strategy:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Tiruppur in Tamil Nadu and unveiled several development projects in the State.
His contribution to Tamil literature has been profound and prolific covering a wide range i.e. poems, screenplays, novels, biographies, stage-plays, dialogues and movie songs.
Make in India has become the biggest brand that India has ever had.
Agreement on the Facilitation of Visa Arrangements
Benefit cover of Rs. 5 lakh per family per year More than 10 crore families to be covered RSBY and SCHIS to be subsumed under Ayushman Bharat – NHPS
He exhorted the young students to never feel afraid to ask questions.
President Rahmon and I agreed on sustaining and strengthening this partnership.
I understand that a portal is being developed for sharing of scientific infrastructure that would allow transparent and efficient tagging and sharing of resources.
11. On 9th November and in some places on 10th November also, ATMs will not work.
The Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation has been envisaging bilateral cooperation with other countries in water resources development and management through sharing of policy and technical expertise, conducting of training courses, workshops, scientific and technical symposia, exchange of experts and study tours.
In the previous scheme of Varishtha Pension Bima Yojana-2014, a total number of 3.11 lakh senior citizens are being benefited.
The guiding forces were the words of Gandhi ji.
It has been made possible because of close cooperation between the Central Government and all the State Governments as well as all political parties.
Like a selfless seeker, these countless people are consumed by desire to contribute something to the society, on the other hand there are mounds of problems that perhaps even the government does not notice!
Savings of fuel due to elimination of delays at State border crossings will help the environment as well, he added.
But it is true we still have a long way to go.
It is expected to provide connectivity and enhance interaction of the people of North Eastern States of India with the people of Myanmar.
We have already resolved a number of regulatory and policy issues facing the businesses and companies.
We have also gone a step further in extending a long-term 10-year visa facility to eligible Japanese business persons.
Two and a half decades of our friendship has brought rich dividends for both our nations.
We have also made Doing Business Faster through digital processes and single point interfaces.”
He recalled that it was former Prime Minister, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, who had created a separate Ministry of Tribal Affairs in the Government of India.
Ms. Julie Bishop MP, Foreign Minister of Australia called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
ARNAB: Mr Prime Minister how are you keeping your schedule nowadays?
Presently, external development assistance from bilateral and multilateral sources is received by the Government of India (i) for projects/programmes in the Central sector; (ii) for projects executed by Central Public Sector Undertakings; and (ii) on behalf of the State Governments for State sector projects/programmes to be implemented by the State Governments and/or local bodies and public sector undertakings.
When a game is being played, the spectators too experience a rush of energy in their beings.
Sports university is being set up in North East.
We are working on developing a national gas grid.
We deplore continued terrorist attacks, including against some BRICS countries.
So that we know each other better and become even closer friends.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met the Indian Team that participated in the recently concluded FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Background
I know that these habits do not change overnight, and when we talk about it, we invite criticism.
With these twin programs, the time when mothers would fetch dry wood from forests or prepare cow dung cakes, to feed their families will be gone soon.
For instance in Stand Up India, I have said that every bank should give an economic opportunity to one woman, one dalit or one tribal person to become entrepreneurs.
India is becoming an attractive FDI destination.
This will change the way industry operates, with new technology and processes.
Please come forward, by working together if we will rid the country of this termite then we will be able to win the fight for providing the rights of the poor people of the country.
They comprise two different sets of copper plates that are believed to have been inscribed in 9-10th century C.E.
c) Introducing tourism investment opportunities available in the States of the Parties; encourage mutual tourism investment in tourism projects.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding between India and Malaysia for Mutual Cooperation to raise the status and prestige of the Practicing Company Secretary in both countries, and to facilitate the movement of the Company Secretaries across borders in the Asia-Pacific Region.
We agree to take concrete steps to enhance trade facilitation.
The Prime Minister mentioned policy decisions taken in sectors such as urea, textile, civil aviation, and health, and the benefits achieved from them.
More than three crore people in the country comprise washermen, barbers, milkman, newspaper vendors, cart vendors.
Textile Conclave – Exploring growth potential of Textile for Building New India
Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana – National Rural Livelihoods Mission (DAY -NRLM) is a flagship rural poverty reduction program of Ministry of Rural Development launched nationwide with the objective of social mobilization, financial inclusion and sustainable livelihoods promotion.
It will create improved operational efficiency and economies of scale.
It is a tribute to his motto of “Hapa kazi tu”, meaning-here work only.
Today, he visited the Centre, and was given an overview of the facilities developed there, before arriving on the dais for the dedication.
We are now the most preferred destination for FDI.
Can’t my doctor brothers and sisters spare just 12 days in a year for this service to the under privileged?
Minister of Minority Affairs.
“I see no reason to strangle history,” he said, adding that those who forget history, also lose the power to create it.
If this committed effort towards cleanliness become inherent to us, our country will certainly take our nation to greater heights.
The whole country was concerned about saving Tomy.
The Prime Minister emphasized that manufacturing of solar equipment should be given priority, to drive employment generation, and derive maximum benefit from the renewable energy drive.
India has no dearth of brilliant lawyers and judges.
They sustain our peoples and their livelihoods.
· 3rd BRICS Ministers of Culture Meeting 2018 (Durban)
For the ethanol supply year 2017-18, there will be lesser emissions of CO2 to the tune of 30 lakh ton.
Minister of Social Justice and Empowerment.
President Kovind also hosted a banquet dinner in honour of His Royal Highness.
Talking about measures taken for the welfare of farmers by the Union Government, the Prime Minister also mentioned the recent increase in MSP for Kharif crops.
Mr. Kim added that this has been made possible, in large measure, due to the unwavering commitment and leadership of Prime Minister Modi.
In the amendment of 2017, this was substituted by “…. including his legal heir or successor, whether or not citizen of India or the citizen of a country which is not an enemy or the enemy….. who has changed his nationality”.
The two leaders reiterated their strong condemnation of terrorism in all its forms including terrorism and terror-related incidents in both India and the UK.
• As strategic partners and maritime neighbours, the two leaders emphasised the importance of further consolidating the security and defence cooperation between the two countries.
This underscores the importance that has been given to women in our society.
There are signs that show a person is heading into depression.
He appealed to the citizens to conserve each and every drop of water for the benefit of present and future generation.
It has weakened the effort to remove poverty.
Your Excellency President नूरसुल्तान नज़रबाएव, Distinguished Leaders of the Members and Observers of the SCO, Secretary General of the SCO, UN Secretary General, Heads of International Organizations, Excellencies,
He showed how the ancient ideals and experiences could be realized even while following the modern way of life.
He emphasized that there has to be dialogue and we need to find a permanent and lasting solution to the problem within the framework of the Constitution.
The maximum amount payable per eligible railway employee is Rs.17,951 for 78 days.
We want to do better and better.
He said that how long our life is, is not in our hands, but we can determine ‘how’ our life will be.
They have reached this pinnacle, crossing a great deal of hurdles and hardships.
I pray the coming year brings joy & good health.
So I believe we have to take this process forward
I will be sharing more from Sri Lanka on social media.
The objective is to monitor the maritime traffic and to identify the non-compliant ships at the maximum possible revisit frequency.
65. The Sides stand for strengthening of open, inclusive, transparent, non-discriminatory and rules-based multilateral trade system and prevention of fragmentation of international trade relations and trade protectionism in all forms.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Construction Technology India Event, 2019 event at Vigyan Bhavan today.
Prime Minister said that the government is emphasising on developing technological temperament along with scientific temperament among the citizens.
13. The two sides expressed satisfaction at the ongoing capacity building programmes for Myanmar judicial officers, military personnel and police.
It is due to their hard work that Mann Ki Baat reaches maximum number of people.
His actions have actualized Mahatma Gandhi’s principles and values.
It will cut down the time taken to cross the Zojila pass from the present three and a half hours, to just fifteen minutes.
He laid the foundation stone of an LPG bottling plant of Indian Oil Corporation at Maneri, Mandla District.
As part of this network, different universities could specialize in multi-disciplinary research on disaster issues most relevant to them.
He also offered Chadar at Sant Kabir Mazaar.
Similar progress has been made in many countries.
2. the process for obtaining the approval of the competent authority is underway after the administrative Ministry/ Department has decided for the closure of the CPSE.
More information about sending in monetary contributions can be had on kbs.gov.in.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
Further, the current Governing Board may also look into the entire Nalanda University Act, 2010 afresh and suggest amendments/additions wherever necessary.
They believe that such strategic communication will have a positive influence on enhancing mutual understanding and will contribute to regional and global stability.
23. The two leaders underscored the need for strengthening and reform of multilateral financial institutions and enhancing the voice and participation of developing countries in international economic decision-making.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and Brazil for cooperation in the fields of Zebu Cattle Genomics and Assisted Reproductive Technologies.
The government has declared 7th of August to be celebrated as Handlooms Day, every year to promote handlooms, the PM added.
He said this is followed by online registration, and verification of the bank account of the beneficiary, to enable direct benefit transfer.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji’s call, many youth from the Andamans had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
I hope that in the beginning of its golden jubilee year, the ICSI will embark on a journey to meet these goals with guidelines and will also include them in its work culture.
We are now placed 77th while we were placed 142 four years ago.
It will be offered annually to the leader of a Nation.
He said that if the district administration, the public representatives and the people all join hands in a mass movement, then, unprecedented results can be achieved.
56. It had been said in the old scriptures that if a work is not completed on time, one does not get the desired results.
Signing of the MoU in the field of Tourism will help the two countries in creating an institutional mechanism for enhancing cooperation in the tourism sector.
The Ministry of AYUSH, Government of India having the mandate to promote, propagate and globalize the Traditional Systems of Medicine including Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha, Sowa-Rigpa and Homoeopathy, has taken effective steps by entering into MoU with China, Malaysia, Trinidad & Tobago, Hungary, Bangladesh, Nepal, Mauritius and Mongolia for cooperation in Traditional Medicine.
The defence industry sector was closed to the private sector till May 2001, when it was first opened up to private sector participation by the Government of Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji.
Earlier, as was the British tradition, the Budget used to be presented at 5 pm because in London, Parliament used to start working at that time.
They welcomed exchanges and dialogue between religious scholars and intellectuals of both countries and the organization of conferences and seminars to promote values of peace, tolerance, inclusiveness and welfare, inherent in all religions.
We also agree that strong regional institutions are necessary for peace, prosperity and a sense of balance in our region.
Many farmers who were earlier sowing pulses have started cultivating sugar.
He appeared at the test for recruitment into the Air Force, and failed in that.
How many people shall we be able to save from ill health.
Earlier, the builders used to divert the money received for bookings to other projects.
It was due to the perseverance and struggles of Atal Ji that the BJP was built brick by brick.
The proposed MoU will pave way for recognition of maritime education and training, certificates of competency, endorsements, training documentary evidence and medical fitness certificates for seafarers issued by the Government of the other country in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 1/10 of the Convention, and cooperation between the two countries in training and management of seafarers.
There will be 3 Railway Over Bridges, 2 Flyovers, 3 Vehicular Underpasses, 8 Major Bridges and 17 Minor Bridges on this section of National Highway.
Brothers and sisters, there was a time when the North-East used to feel that Delhi is very distant.
On this occasion, I declare with pride the grant of Permanent Commission for the appointment of women officers in Short Service Commission of Indian Armed Forces.
I still remember that so many questions were raised.
The Prime Minister asked young officers to focus on subjects such as GST implementation and boosting digital transactions, especially via the BHIM App.
We are enhancing our cooperation with the Philippines in facing this common challenge.
What is available for a consumer should be seen for what it is.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely be helpful in further strengthening these values of peace, unity and goodwill.
Efforts are on to connect local village mandis to wholesale market and then on with the global market.
More than 90 percent approvals have been put on automatic route.
Due to his initiative, an aerodrome at Agartalawas constructed that has evolved as the second busiest airport in the North East and provides crucial air connectivity to Tripura.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
We are insisting on IT based transactions in procurement and purchases of Government.
Summer vacations feel good inspite of scorching heat.
Under this, we offer around 700 scholarships annually to students for studying in Sri Lanka and India.
As Mzee Jomo Kenyatta said, “Our children may learn about heroes of the past.
I will share some of our ideas in this regard.
He instructed them to use all available technological tools to ensure that school-children do not face inconvenience.
It has resulted in much greater level of engagement of the Japanese industry with the Indian economy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and United Kingdom (UK) for Cooperation in the Field of Intellectual Property (IP).
There is no scope to provide assistance directly to private entrepreneurs/Cooperative bodies/Joint ventures for large scale plantation.
I congratulate these young friends and members of the school in Chandrapur, from the core of my heart.
Unautorized use of vehicles without licence
Rameshwaram is the land which has shown the way to the spiritual life of the country as a light house for thousands of years.
PSLV has established itself as a workhorse vehicle for national satellites with a production capacity that would enable responding fast to commercial launch opportunities also.
Many – Many thanks!
But we must do more to help them gallop, to run as the springbok.
As part of the innovative Indian Housing Project in Sri Lanka, 4000 houses are being constructed in upcountry areas.
He preferred to live a teacher’s life.
Your letters and phone calls this time pertain mostly to these 50 episodes.
We can learn a lot from the unparalleled saga of this great son of Mother India.
e) To encourage co-operation between tourism sectors, tour operators, travel agents and other tourism private sector’s firms and bureaus in the two countries.
I look forward to my meeting with President Mariano Rajoy on 31 May.
The objective is that BRICS countries would benefit from the establishing of an institutional framework to cooperate in the field of civil aviation.
Targets have been met for various components, and various projects under Centre and State policies.
I see no reason why Mizoram cannot become a net-power exporter.
He will join in the celebrations to mark one-year of the State Government.
Besides generating electricity, the reservoir water will also open new avenues for navigation.
Come together on Sundaysand Holidays.
ii) Amendment to section 20A of the Act so as to allow any Department or Office of the Central Government to carry out public works in the prohibited area after obtaining permission from the Central Government.
Let me conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
Collaboration in trade, technology, skill development, renewable energy were discussed during the talks.
But I have seen that despite rampant rumour mongering, citizens have stood firm with their faith intact.
They should have a feeling of team spirit and the qualities of a good leader for their overall holistic development.
He said that the propensity to lie, can only be overcome by the truth.
Revered Bapu had also remarked, “I have nothing but praise for the zeal, industry and sacrifice that have animated the modern scientists in the pursuit after truth”.
The App is also beneficial for traders.
The existing accommodation has become inadequate to accommodate the increased number of students and required facilities.
One can clearly see that today, the youth, the elderly, women, in fact every age group is taking to Khadi & handloom.
He was the architect of the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
There are times when one has to face an illness that leaves a scar for a lifetime.
In this context, he mentioned the Government e-Marketplace, or GeM.
In order to build a prosperous India, we need a strong economy, balanced development and next generation infrastructure.
The MoU was signed on 13th March, 2018 at New Delhi.
The third thing is about forward movement on the Pathankot attack case.
This is an example where the daughters are stitching ordinary to good quality clothes for themselves and other families.
You may like to consider developing the North Eastern Council as a state-of-the-art resource centre for the North Eastern states with the necessary resources, knowledge and skills.
Under these circumstances, a strong regulatory system in every country and information sharing is a must for sustaining consumer confidence.
The Union Government’s interventions and initiatives taken for the sugarcane sector are likely to come up for discussion during the meeting.
However, there is still a long way to go for our securities and commodity markets.
To sustain the momentum of our partnership, President Widodo and I have directed for an early meeting of the existing Ministerial-level mechanisms to carry forward the bilateral cooperation agenda.
It will create synergy, ensure better monitoring, issue alerts for timely action, and encourage States/UTs to perform, guide and supervise the line Ministries and States/UTs to achieve the targeted goals.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior-most and senior-most officers are spending such a lot of time communicating with each other.
• The transformation of India cannot happen without a transformation of governance.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh, on their Statehood Day.
In a little while, we will hear from the BRICS Business Council and the leadership of NDB.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the “Universal Service Obligation Fund [USOF]” supported scheme to provide mobile services at 4072 tower locations identified by MHA in inhabited uncovered areas affected by Left Wing Extremism [LWE] of 96 districts in 10 States for Phase-ll project.
The construction of the bridge will improve regional connectivity and has potential to strengthen cross border trade between both the countries and cementing ties by strengthening industrial, social and cultural exchanges.
In that spirit, he added, we should seek to know more about the brave individuals who are serving the nation.
The Ferrovie Dello Stato Italiane Group (FS Group) is an industrial holding managing the Italian Railways sector through its companies focused on railway related businesses, the main ones are: Trenitalia – rail transport Rete Ferroviaria Italiana – railway infrastructure manager, Italferr – engineering company, Italcerifer – notified body certifying railway systems and components.
He also mentioned the requirement of pulses, saying there is an assured market for them.
But now we have greater expectations.
Referring to the International Rice Research Institute campus in Varanasi, he said this Centre is a result of our efforts to make agriculture more profitable, using technology.
This platform will contribute significantly towards reducing poverty, improving food security, improving nutrition and health, and sustaining the natural resource base.
They noted that the choice of Amritsar underscored the value of restoring connectivity and was in consonance with this year’s theme for HoA: ‘Addressing Challenges, Achieving Prosperity’.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has given its approval to the following proposals:
A party which hasn’t been in power or hasn’t seen anything, could behave in this way.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for revision of pay scales for about 8 lakh teachers and other equivalent academic staff in higher educational institutions under the purview of the University Grants Commission (UGC) and in Centrally Funded Technical Institutions, following implementation of the recommendations of the 7th Central Pay Commission for Central Government employees.
PM will lay foundation stone of Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
And this is why, all those who want good for the nation, I request them to compete towards development and for development.
In Phase-l, the prisoners will be released on 2nd October, 2018 (Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi), in Phase-ll prisoners will be released on 10th April, 2019 (Anniversary of Champaran Satyagrah) and in Phase-Ill, prisoners will be released on 2nd October 2019 (Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi):-
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today presented the National Bravery Awards to 18 children.
Everyday approximately 8 million people travel in suburban section in more than 2900 train services.
Talking about infrastructure, whether it be speed of rails, roads, I-ways, highways or a new airport, our nation is witnessing fast paced development.
I look forward to building upon the results and outcomes of the Goa Summit.
The Council shall, from time to time, review the implementation of the projects/schemes included in the project; recommend effective measures for coordination among the state Governments for these projects etc.
The exchange of best practices between the two countries will lead to improved protection and awareness about India’s range of Intellectual creations which are as diverse as its-people.
Singapore is India’s leading destination and source of investments.
I have tried to draw these rules for myself, but I don’t know whether I’ll be able to stick to them.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of agriculture and allied sector including joint activities, programmes,exchange of information and personnel; cooperation in the field of agricultural crops, agricultural extension, horticulture, machinery, post harvest technology, plant quarantine measures, credit and cooperation, soil conservation, seed technology, livestock improvement, dairy development.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of the Ministry of Power for amendments in the Tariff Policy.
So friends lots of good wishes to you all.
Every Indian dreams to have his own house, therefore we bring in “Housing for All.”.
And this is a great process in democracy.
The two leaders discussed the progress in India-Nepal relations, as well as other issues of mutual interest.
Over a million passengers have a meal on a train in India, every single day.
Today we have paper-currency.
It is therefore fitting that we are inaugurating this series with Shri Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore.
These reforms and initiatives are all aimed at preparing India for the 21st century.
All of my friends, can you set a target for yourself if India were to gain respect in the world then when India will celebrate seventy five years of its independence in 2022, then we will convert these big four into big eight.
I am delighted to lay the foundation stone of the second campus of the institute at Ettumanoor near the holy Mahadeva Temple.
This has been going on for years.
In a post from his Facebook account the Prime Minister said:
Laying of Foundation stone of ‘Battles of Panipat Museum’, Panipat
We will also discuss ways to further enhance the bilateral engagement, especially in the areas of economic cooperation, science & technology, space collaboration and people to people ties.
It leads to a greater understanding of one-self.
You bring an Energy and Idealism that is unparalleled.
Inspired by patriotism, they dedicated their lives for the country’s independence.
He also distributed Gold cards to beneficiaries of Ayushman Bharat and distributed Van Adhikar Patra to the beneficiaries.
My thoughts are with the bereaved families.
These MoUs contain standard articles/clauses which broadly express promotion of cooperation in exchange of knowledge and experience in the field of organizational and technical development of electoral process; support in exchanging information, institutional strengthening and capacity building, training of personnel, holding regular consultations etc.
It will be used in the infrastructure sector, manufacturing and services sector.
From Africa alone, over the last decade, over 25,000 students have trained in India on ITEC scholarships.
Shriman Gurumani Kewal has written on MyGov – “This step of reigning in black money is praiseworthy.
The CCH had been earlier superseded by Board of Governors through an Ordinance and subsequent amendment of Act.
His pure thoughts and ideals have a profound impact on society.
He urged the children to ensure that the adulation and fame that they are getting, should not become an obstacle to their future progress.
A simple but very effective solution is neem-coating of fertilizer which makes it unsuitable for diversion.
A number of importantbills beneficial to the youth and the backward classes were passed during this session.
i. Digital governance;
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
We are just the trustees or managers of this wealth.
d)Exchange of information and best practices for disposal of applications for patents, trademarks, industrial designs, copyrights and Geographical Indications, as also the protection, enforcement and use of IP rights;
“Saddened by the passing away of Justice Leila Seth.
And 1942 to 1947 – these decisive five years became integral for the masses to successfully attain through resolve, freedom for the country.
I have spoken about cleanliness.
I have heard that in Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu, child marriage has been banned under a special campaign.
The MoU was signed on 14.03.2018.
A Joint Working Group shall be formed to monitor the activities to be carried out in fulfillment of the MoU.
The project will be implemented by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Ltd.
We are opening up both Road and Rail routes to our neighbouring countries.
The Prime Minister has emphasized the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
Based on their mutual interest following research areas have been identified, i.
We are committed to connect all North Eastern States with the country’s railway network.
Our target was to provide soil health cards to the country’s 14 crore farmers by the year 2018.
India’s decision to ratify the agreement will take the number of cumulative level of emission of countries that have ratified the agreement so far to 51.89%.
Dr. Andres Ibarra, Government of Secretary for Modernization
Prime Minister released IT policy for Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
What we saw among members of the Opposition was sheer arrogance.
This will be done through the pursuit of our esteemed scientists, and we will proudly find ourselves as the fourth such nation to have launched a successful Man Space Mission.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Revised Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) and Mode of Operation (MoO) between India and Bangladesh for establishing Border Haats on India-Bangladesh Border.
He mentioned about the reduced GST rates for various construction items.
In this regard, we stress the importance of international cooperation against terrorist and criminal use of ICTs and therefore reiterate the need to develop a universal regulatory binding instrument on combatting the criminal use of ICTs within the UN.
This thing is going to become possible on the banks of the mother river due to waterways.
They thus expressed their concern.
Sports play an important role in personality development also.
For furthering cooperation between the the agencies from India and Japan in area of food safety
Anshu Kumar & Amar Kumar from Delhi on Mygov, Vikas Yadav from Patna; on similar lines Monica Jain from Delhi, Prosenjit Sarkar from Bardhaman, West Bengal and Sangeeta Shastri from Nagpur converge in asking a shared question.
The world has changed in these ten years.
It was under pressure from you people, following your suggestions, that I recently called for a meeting with the chiefs of NCC, NSS, Bharat Scouts and Guides, Red Cross and the Nehru Yuva Kendra.
He said good governance should be a priority for the officers.
He also spoke of the work being done towards cleanliness and enhancing the visual appeal of the city.
Similarly, Ambedkar Memorial is being built on the land of Indu mill in Mumbai.
The work on finding a solution to put an end to left wing extremism from those districts is progressing rapidly.
He also said that all languages of the country can enrich Hindi.
He said that the history of human civilisation illustrates the vitality of rivers and maritime trade.
The project will benefit from experience and learnings from other Metro Rail projects in Delhi, Bengaluru, Chennai, Kochi, Nagpur etc.
Quite a change is being felt in the weather.
In the mid 1940s, the INA trials at Red Fort, had stirred the nation.
In terms of the global value in the gems and jewellery market, our share is lower than it should be.
The proposal does not result in any direct financial implication for the Government of India as it pertains to India’s accession to an international convention.
PM launches UDAN, Regional Connectivity Scheme for Civil Aviation, from Shimla
Fifth, at the Goa Summit last year we had exchanged thoughts on smart-cities, urbanization, and disaster-management in the context of cooperation between our cities.
I feel blessed of having born in that mother land.
Under our scheme, our fellow villagers will get loan from the government, grant, and subsidy.
I would be happy to see media focus a lot more, on their stories, and their achievements.
He also flagged off the second passenger train from Tatanagar to Badampahar.
The Prime Minister will then proceed to Andawa, where he will dedicate to the nation, inaugurate, or lay the Foundation Stone of various development projects.
The MoU will be signed during the upcoming visit of Russian President to India.
All these images have made a deep imprint on my mind.”
Air Transport Operations iv.
Laxmikutty is a teacher in Kallar and still resides in a hut made of palm leaves in a tribal tract amidst dense forests.
We aim to make a big leap in the ocean economy through the blue revolution.
The Act was further amended in 1989, 1999 and 2009 to enlarge the charter of duties and security cover to Private Sector Units and other duties that may be entrusted by the Central Government.
It incorporates the interest of all strata of society in the country.
Speaking on the occasion, PM said, “This government is punishing the corrupt and rewarding the honest”.
The Prime Minister said that it is important for a person to fear the possibility that he is very likely to be caught, if he commits a crime.
He added that special focus will be given forLeather sector and Transportation & Automobile Design (TAD).
And, in the complex and changing global context, your leadership has provided stability and substance to our strategic partnership.
He said that a positive transformation, and a common resolve is required for this.
The Model Bill would bring about uniformity in the legislative provisions, making it easier for all the States to adopt it and thereby ensuring uniform working conditions across the country and facilitate the ease of doing business and generate employment opportunities.
He said a lot of important decisions have been taken for defence and security in the last four and a half years.
There are more than four thousand traders who have got prizes of fifty thousand rupees each.
Centre for inter faith studies and Chairs in foreign Universities:
He added that a strong aviation sector also gives more economic opportunities.
We are the world’s second largest exporter of shrimps.
the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Beema Yojana and Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana to protect the income of farmers,
The project would not just irrigate the fields of six hundred and forty villages in Chiste, Obe, Pashtun Zarghun, Karokh, Gozara, Injil, Zindjan, Kohsan and Ghoryan .
Today, we purchase Besleri water bottle from shop and if we are required to use water for drinking, for irrigation in that manner.
Energy in general and hydrocarbons in particularare an important part of my vision for India’s future.
Ayushman Bharat will provide immense investment opportunitiesin the areas of health infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing, and healthcare services.
I am happy that the theme of this year’s Meeting is “Mobilizing Finance for Infrastructure: Innovation and Collaboration”.
– to be the Government’s link to the outside world, outside experts and practitioners;
Sharing common approaches to providing security in the use of information and communication technologies, we intend to keep working together for developing universal rules, standards and principles of responsible behaviour of the States in this context, on the basis of democratization and a model representing multi-stakeholderism with primacy of the State, in global internet governance.
The MoU will enhance bilateral cooperation activities in the arena of Industrial Property Rights of Patents, Trademarks and Industrial Designs.
Students also asked him questions through various television news channels, the Narendra Modi Mobile App, and the MyGov platform.
Addressing a public gathering, he underlined how Ayushman Bharat has played a key role in providing affordable health care services to the people.
Three decades back in 1987, these officials from Swiss Banks had started declaring how much deposits were being made by nationals of a country.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
One of his saying is fully applicable on Yogi ji.
The youth and children asked a number of questions to the Prime Minister on themes such as infrastructure development in Jammu and Kashmir, sports facilities in the State, education and employment opportunities, and the Prime Minister’s work routine.
But I didn’t do that.
In this context, they welcomed the finalization of the MoU on Cooperation for Prevention of Human Trafficking and conveyed their intent to conclude it at the earliest.
Power, being a concurrent subject, requires the active participation of the States.
Earlier, the award winners had the opportunity to share their thoughts with the Prime Minister.
“The attack in Dhaka has pained us beyond words.
We greet the Election Commission and salute their important role in our democracy.
Subhash Babu will always be remembered as a brave soldier and adept organiser; a valiant fighter who played a significant role in our Freedom Struggle.
MMTC has been supplying iron ore to JSMs since 1963 and to South Korea since 1973.
For any infant first thousand days of life is very crucial.
India is a preferred destination for investment and India is also an easier place to do business in.
This will result in capacity building and leadership development of more Central Government doctors besides availability of more experienced doctors for medical education, clinical / patient care services and for implementation of national health programmes.
LIC would get bancassurance (i.e. selling of insurance products by bank) through the bank’s network of 1,916 branches, besides access to bank’s cash management services.
State Governments must act tough on those inciting violence in the name of Cow protection
They have come back amongst us by (unfurling tricolour in seven seas) turning the seven seas into the colour of our Tricolor.
Combating the menace of “black money” and tax evasion is also our shared priority.
The Prime Minister said, “Anguished by the passing away of Lok Sabha MP from Aska, Odisha, Shri Ladu Kishore Swain Ji.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram (via video conference).
There has been a long gap of nearly 35 years for the visit of Indian Prime Minister.
We should trust the person who has given the exams and submitted the marks.
25. The President of Maldives invited the President of India to make a State Visit to the Maldives.
Once again, my heartfelt congratulations to the Finance Minister and his team for the budget.
After Assam agitation of 1979-1985, Assam Accord was signed on 15th August, 1985.
This is an opportunity to remember the teachings of Prophet Muhammad-peace be upon him- and his message.
It is today a partnership of great substance and purpose.
b. Encouraging every citizen to save water in everyday life
And the most unique aspect was that Gurudev Tagore did not ascribe any name to most of his works.
My dear countrymen, the rather long wait after Independence for a War Memorial is about to be over.
· 75% of the total foreign investment in the construction sector has come in the last three years alone.
They agreed on their need to strengthen strategic communication through greater consultation on all matters of common interest.
And hence, they face unclean surroundings as a major challenge.
He said that the first pre-requisite of success is courage.
“Greetings to the friendly people of Russia.
Professor Hawking’s pioneering work made our world a better place.
India has jumped to the 77th position in the latest edition of World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Report – improving 65 places in last four years.
The Centre would be supportive of steps taken by the State Government.
The Prime Minister spoke at length of the economic development that has taken place in India recently.
Let me tell you, the festivals are not only about entertainment, there has to be purpose behind.
The BRICS Tourism work stream will exchange knowledge, experience and best practices in the areas of travel trade, air connectivity, tourism infrastructure, culture and medical tourism, barriers to tourism marketing, tourism safety and support – financial, insurance and medical.
The Nordic countries have globally recognized strengths in clean technologies, environmental solutions, ports modernization, cold-chains, skill development and innovation.
Finally, an agreement was reached between Punjab and J&K states under the aegis of MoWR, RD&GR at New Delhi on 8th September, 2018.
On the recommendation of the Commission a total of 2401 Entries for inclusion, including its synonyms, sub-castes, etc. in the Central List of Other Backward Classes have been notified in 24 States and 6 Union Territories.
Salient features of the package announced are:
“In the run up to 2nd October, I am seeing lot of enthusiasm towards cleanliness related activities.
And, India is doing her part.
And we are by and large being successful in our operations on account of the awareness and alertness that the people have displayed.
We have transformed India into one of the most open economies in the world today.
I want to urge the youth especially that since you are very active on social media, you can do one thing.
However if you concentrate and focus only on getting marks, then you gradually go on limiting yourself and confine yourself to certain areas for earning more marks.
Cyprus and India share rich legacies of ancient civilizations and, our civilizations have influenced each other through millennia.
We have all heard of how Arjun focussed his attention on the eye of the bird.
The award is named after the Afghan national hero, Amanullah Khan (Ghazi), who championed the cause of Afghanistan’s freedom.
You are the proud and loyal citizens of South Africa.You are the hardworking and loyal citizens of South Africa.
The proposal shall lead to enhancement of number of doctors being trained per year in the country.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Agreement on Labour Co-operation between India and Saudi Arabia.
Processes and procedures of the Authority: The processes and procedures to be followed by the Authority shall be governed in accordance with the provisions of the respective Acts of Parliament of India applicable to such financial products, services or institutions, as the case may be.
When the Gift city was conceptualised, I was Chief Minister of Gujarat.
Agreement on Cooperation between ‘JITF Urban Infrastructure Services Limited’ (Republic of India), ‘Jindal Rail Infrastructure Limited’ (Republic of India), Joint Stock Company ‘Russian Export Centre’ (Russian Federation), and Limited Liability Company Management Company ‘RailTransHolding’ (Russian Federation)
PM added that Air India Express flight will soon connect Surat to Sharjah.
The district administration there undertook a huge task with people’s participation.
Interacting with the beneficiaries, Shri Modi said that illness not only creates a huge financial burden on families, especially poor and middle class, but also affects our socio economic sectors.
They are emerging as sustainable substitutes for traditional energy forms.
He said institutions must be made outcome-oriented.
Ministry of Home Affairs will issue advice to all States and UTs asking them to process the cases of eligible prisoners.
It contains practical steps which can benefit everyone, even those who do not consider themselves religious.
It is indeed an extremely joyous experience to imbue the essence of Bhagwan Krishna & revel blissfully.
He appreciated the generous assistance provided by the Government of India to Maldives, and identified various areas for developmental cooperation, including private sector involvement in development of housing and infrastructure, water and sewerage systems in the outlying islands, healthcare, education and tourism.
• Mutual Legal Assistance on Criminal Matters
ASEAN completed its 50 years of formation in 2017 and in 2017 25 years of India’s partnership with ASEAN were completed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Udaipur, Rajasthan tomorrow.
Investments through our “Make in India” initiative, have been well supported by programmes like ‘Digital India’ and ‘Skill India’.
I know the importance of the Chief Ministers and the State Governments.
He said that both Sardar Patel and Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar gave a lot of emphasis to irrigation and waterways.
Reiterating that relations between India and Russia are strong, the Prime Minister said that the whole world will read the St. Petersburg Declaration carefully, to understand this relationship, and see how we move forward.
Both PMP schemes will be finalised by the National Mission on Transformative Mobility and Battery Storage.
India and Kyrgyzstan have enjoyed a strong diplomatic and long economic relationship.
He broke the mental barriers that keep us apart barriers between religions, between castes.
Childhood friends are precious, but selecting, making & maintaining new friendships is a task that requires immense prudence.
The Agreement is for updation of the existing Air Services Agreement (ASA) between the two countries which was signed on 28th January, 1974.
In a unique and perhaps unprecedented gesture, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted individually with over 60 athletes who will represent India at the forthcoming Rio Olympics.
Its reach is now global.
I am happy to see such a large participation of Energy Ministers from producing and consuming nations, Heads of International Organisations and CEOs in this forum.
The two countries have a strategic cyber relationship that reflects their shared values, common vision, and shared principles for cyberspace.
Cooperation in the field of capacity building, rapid incubation for entrepreneurship development, exposure to each other’s market by encouraging participation in exhibitions are also envisaged in this MoU.
MoU on Environmental Cooperation 7.
Your desire to connect with the lands of your forefathers may be an emotional urge.
ARNAB: When the opposition raises the Rs 15 lakh issue.
But you did burn the midnight oil in those days!
The life and philosophy of Lord Mahavirji, the apostle of non-violence will inspire us all.
Would you like to use this time of vacation gainfully, I offer three suggestions, it will be good if you follow all of the three but then try to do atleast one of the three.
Salient features of the MoU are:
As in road sector my government has given priority to railways, waterways and airways.
I declare the exhibition open and hope you will all have an opportunity to experience it.
This money is being used in providing electricity to those households that don’t have electricity supply even after seventy years of independence.
In a country everyone is equal.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
A Quit India Quiz is also being launched for my young friends on NarendraModiApp.
At the last India Africa Forum Summit, we had committed a concessional Line of Credit of 10 billion U.S. dollars and 600 million dollars in grant assistance.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for an MoU between India and the the Electoral Commission of Namibia (ECN) and with Electoral Tribunal of Panama (ETP) on cooperation in the field of electoral management and administration.
Fortunately, in this process, we had the guidance of the greatest leaders which the human race has seen.
(a) Women convicts of 55 years of age and above, who have completed 50% of their actual sentence period.
He said that the National Cadet Corps is not about uniform or uniformity, it is about unity.
Minister of Railways; and Minister of Coal.
The review meeting, which lasted for about four and a half hours, was attended by top officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and all infrastructure Ministries of the Government of India.
The Start-up sphere is an exciting space that blends youth, ideas, technology, innovation and creativity to generate value and wealth for the benefit of the society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the loss of lives in the bus accident in Madhubani district of Bihar.
ROK is an important partner for our ‘Make in India’ initiative as well as in our ‘Start Up India’ and ‘Clean India’ initiatives.
Now the average over the last four years has gone up to rupees five point two five lakh crore or about seventy five billion dollars.
The amount of respect with which I speak to America, I speak to russia with the same amount of respect.
c) To encourage cooperation between tourism stakeholders including Hotels and Tour operators.
I applaud that vision.
There must be no distinction based on artificial and self-serving grounds.
Every year, when it came to Uttar Pradesh, a common story was the arrears due to sugarcane farmers.
(v) Vizag Chennai Industrial Corridor (VCIC):- In compliance of the commitment made by the Central Government in the Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act, 2014, it was decided by the Department of Economic Affairs, Government of India that Asian Development Bank (ADB) which had been getting a feasibility study done in r/o East Coast Economic Corridor (ECEC) will also take up the study of VCIC as Phase I of ECEC.
It will directly benefit poor and middle class consumers.
India is not in favor of singling out any country at the U.N.”
The Prime Minister said that if in 1942, the clarion call was “Karenge Ya Marenge,” today the call should be “Karenge aur Karke Rahenge.”
The President described well how this campaign that was launched in Delhi has now spread to 65000 villages in aspirational districts, to the huts of the poor; how it is working in the backward villages.
A total of 183 fishermen and civil administration personnel were carried on board these ships to aid in the rescue operations.
The coins were released at a function at 7, Lok Kalyan Marg, where visually impaired children were specially invited.
India will have to be alert every moment.
Pulwama happened and you saw what our brave air warriors did.
The inauguration signaled and showed our joint commitment to strengthening the foundations of modern Afghanistan.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between India and Brunei Darussalam in the field of Youth and Sports Affairs.
The close association between our two countries is, of course, much older.
Principal Commissioner, DDA as Member Secretary.
India is blessed with well-developed systems of traditional medicine including medicinal plants, which hold tremendous potential in the global health scenario.
He noted the improvement in performance, asked the concerned officers to work towards further expediting the processing of patent and trademark applications.
Thereafter, OROP was implemented to ensure the welfare of our ex-servicemen.
United Nations Day was observed recently all over the world on the 24th of October.
I had also reached at the same time.
Our leadership and work culture is known across India.
My dear brothers and sisters, I was watching a story on TV about our underprivileged daughters of certain slums in Sikar, Rajasthan.
He showed me the model and I am confident this kind of bridge will become the centre of attraction for the entire Bihar.
We have to think of ‘Badal Sakta Hai’- this attitude will help us as a nation.
They have shared their vacation plans.
The leaders are committed to continued engagement on Security Council reform in the UN Intergovernmental Negotiations (IGN) on Security Council Reform.
We agree to continue our collective efforts to address public health issues.
He reached the dais after a dip in the waters of the Holy Sangam at Prayagraj, and after conducting a “Charan Vandana” of select sanitation workers, as a mark of respect to their efforts in ensuring a clean Kumbh.
I am happy that you have chosen the International Day of Yoga, for the inauguration of this Nature Cure Centre.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the All India Institute of Ayurveda, in New Delhi, to the nation.
The Cabinet has also approved the proposal to allow foreign portfolio investors to acquire shares through initial allotment, besides secondary market, in the stock exchanges.
a: Anganwadi Services
To build a New India is our mission.
He added that Bose showed patriotism right from a young age, as was visible from the letters he wrote to his mother.
But why should you do these things in a hurry.
And I took a resolve that the country must have such a Memorial.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi who is on a visit abroad has sanctioned Rs. one lakh from the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund to the next of kin of the E-rickshaw driver Ravindra Kumar who was beaten to death for stopping two people from urinating in the public in New Delhi.
President Museveni gladly accepted the invitation.
India believes in the credo of Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas, the Prime Minister said, adding that we wish to take everyone together on the path to development.
PM said, “Our weightlifters are in superb form!
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to Chief Minister of Kerala Shri Pinarayi Vijayan regarding flood situation in the state.
President Rivlin and I deeply value our strong and growing partnership to secure our societies.
Come, let us take positivity forward.
The soft power of football can become Mizoram’s global identity.
We are the people who believe in equal value for all beliefs.
Let me assure the people of Afghanistan that in your quest:
Recalling the sacrifices made by tribal heroes in our freedom struggle, PM said that we are preserving their memories in museums and memorials across the country.
This has been said
The event was attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
About two days ago, I had the opportunity to launch many a developmental work in Banaras, the sacred workplace of Malviyaji.
This is the need of the hour.
The Framework Agreement will provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth; satellite communication; satellite navigation; space science and exploration of outer space.
It will inspire them to undertake new and significant challenges that hold the key to our shared sustainable future.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is investing significantly in the effort to transform biomass to biofuel.
They can work out of this great new city and provide services to the entire world.
I say what is wrong in it.
The North Eastern Council was set up in 1972.
The target mobilisation under the scheme at Rs. 15,000 crore in 2015-16 and at Rs.10,000 crore in 2016-17.
“Deeply concerned by the flood situation in Varanasi.
He stated that the close and mutually beneficial India-Malaysia ties are based on the strong foundation of shared values, interests and vibrant people-to-people relations.
A full-stop is impossible.
The Agreement between the two countries is based on latest International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) template keeping in view of developments in Civil Aviation sector and with an objective to improve the air connectivity between the two countries.
In his death, the country has lost a veteran and distinguished leader, affectionately called “Kalaignar”.
The above cost estimate does not include recurring costs (wages & salaries and operation & maintenance expenses).
He said 70 percent cost of establishing these clusters will be borne by the Union Government.
He said less than 3000 villages are now left to be electrified.
Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following proposals:
The steady increase in military power, resources and wealth in the Asia-Pacific has raised the stakes for its security.
Minister of Commerce and Industry; and Minister of Civil Aviation.
All I would like to say to you is ‘Be calm, enjoy life, seek inner happiness in life.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated all poets on World Poetry Day.
And I believe that small traders will definitely cooperate and allow the transfer of the benefits to the poor so that the poor is benefitted.
Estate Officers can even make an order for the eviction of such persons forthwith following the procedure proposed in the new section.
PM will inaugurate Multipurpose Indoor Sports Facility at Sephora, Ganderbal.
It is on account of this feat that he has been chosen as one of the 32 Para Swimmers for the 20-20 Paralympics by the Sports Authority of India.
They sent 104 satellites into space, through a single rocket launch.
Honourable Ministers and Senior Delegates from Japan;
Teaching in the University was inaugurated by Smt.SushmaSwaraj, External Affairs Minister in September 2014.
He noted that India is making rapid strides towards a gas based economy.
The Government has come out with a policy to double farmers’ income by 2022.
He said the goal of the Union Government is to make the transport sector integrated, and state-of-the-art.
We are celebrating 70 years of the establishment of Indo-Dutch diplomatic relations this year.
With the revision of the treaty now approved by the Cabinet, capital gains will be taxed in India for entities resident in Cyprus, subject to double tax relief.
This is certain.
In the year 2015, during the Vibrant Gujarat event, they signed an MoU with Government of Gujarat.
My dear fellow citizens, I would like you to note down one number.
“Happy to welcome the first Air Freight Corridor flight from Kabul.
Many nations are proactively supporting us.
a competition on achieving targets.
He said that Guru Gobind Singh ji put knowledge at the core of his teaching.
Today, the first group presented their ideas on the “transport and communications” sectors.
He also said that this development has been long delayed.
• Our historical people-to-people ties provide a strong basis to our wide-ranging partnership, which extends: • From agriculture and health to developmental assistance; • From trade and commerce to investment; • From closer contacts between our peoples to capacity building; and • From regular political consultations to defence and security cooperation.
Mr. Renato Mazzoncini, CEO & General Manager, Italian Railways
The honorarium for Anganwadi helpers has also been increased from Rs. 1500 to Rs. 2250.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Arab Emirates on Development Cooperation in Africa.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his good wishes for the strengthening of democracy, peace and prosperity in Maldives under the leadership of Mr Solih.
He emphasized that it is important to embrace changes happening around us.
“Sir, I want to tell you that during exam time, very often in our homes, in the neighbourhood and in our society, a very terrifying and scary atmosphere pervades.
i) Competition economics
Personally too, I have strived to lend momentum to this campaign.
He also praised Dadi Janki ji, describing her as a true Karma Yogi, who continues to serve society even at the age of 100 years.
I am delighted to meet you all today in Seoul.
Can Pune march further towards online payment?
The existing DTAA between India and Kyrgyz Republic was notified on 7/02/2001 and the same was in force since 10/01/2001.
vii. The Annual Report of the Institutions will be placed in the Parliament and CAG will be auditing their accounts.
Internal security is our priority.
Prophet Mohammad Sahib (peace be upon him) believed in twin principles of knowledge and compassion.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
But now, all departments and ministries- be it the Sanitation Ministry or Ayush Ministry or Ministry of Chemicals & Fertilizers, Consumer Affairs Ministry or the Women & Child Welfare Ministry or even the State Governments- they are all working together for Swasth Bharat and stress is being laid on affordable health alongside preventive health.
The Prime Minister said that GeM increases the pace of procurement, and boosts transparency, besides supporting enterprise at the local level.
He envisioned the welfare of all humanity and considered all castes to be equal.
This can be a huge learning experience especially for the youth.
He said that they are using technology not only for themselves but also for the welfare of others.
However, today my dear brothers and sisters, North-East is coming up with positive and inspiring stories.
During 2017-18, 33 more projects are likely to be completed.
The two leaders further directed their militaries to earnestly implement various confidence building measures agreed upon between the two sides, including the principle of mutual and equal security, and strengthen existing institutional arrangements and information sharing mechanisms to prevent incidents in border regions.
Though the Government has taken many steps for the upliftment of the SafaiKaramcharis, the deprivation suffered by them in socio-economic and educational terms is still far from being eliminated.
When all the cards will be operational, it will be the largest number of cards in the world.
PM once again congratulated the fellow citizen for their dedication towards cleanliness.
Cooperation with Vietnam through this Framework Agreement would lead to development of joint activity in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
Prime Minister said that the government is carrying forward this legacy in true means and reiterated that women will be given equal opportunity for permanent commission in armed forces.
The Council at the Centre and the States are to be established as body corporate with a provision to receive funds from various sources.
The city of Ahmedabad will greet Prime Minister Abe with an elaborate civic reception on 13th of September, showcasing the cultural diversity of India, through a series of performances.
However, now, very often, people perceive that the private sector offers better services than Government.
I congratulate all those who belong to the Navy.
The President, the Vice President, and Former Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh were among the large number of leaders who greeted the Prime Minister on telephone.
I am happy that the people of Indian origin who live in different countries continue to serve those countries and at the same time they have maintained their strong relationship with India as well
It will also be a tribute to our shared Buddhist heritage present at Sarnath too.
My dear countrymen, being a human being, there are many things that touch me too.
for entries 32 and 33, the following entries shall be substituted, namely:-
3rdBRICS Urbanisation Forum 20.
He launched a Comprehensive Pension Management Scheme.
The Prime Minister gave away awards to winners of national essay, painting and film competitions, and also visited a digital display gallery.
He said the undersea optical fibre cable from Chennai, once completed, would provide good internet connectivity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit his Parliamentary Constituency of Varanasi, on the 22nd and 23rd of September.
NIT, Andhra Pradesh was established at temporary campus of West Godavari District: of Andhra Pradesh.
This shows that our bonds are much deeper than we generally realize.
Pradhan MantriShram Yogi Man DhanYojna will be a major support for them after the age of 60 years.
Ministry of Civil Aviation will also coordinate with all the agencies and stakeholders concerned to facilitate Helicopter Emergency Medical Services.
The Prime Minister announced that the Union Cabinet would approve the implementation of Minimum Support Price of 150% of the input cost, in its forthcoming meeting, for the notified crops of Kharif season 2018-19.
The Prime Minister mentioned how the Digital India movement has brought data to villages of India.
On return to India, he worked as a sales manager in a medical unit.
9. The Cabinet also decided not to accept the steep hike in monthly contribution towards Central Government Employees Group Insurance Scheme (CGEGIS) recommended by the Commission.
Agartala has become the third city in India to be connected with an International Gateway through Cox Bazar of Bangladesh.
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting.
Both of us believe that a reformed Security Council, reflective of the world as it is, and not as it was, is necessary to address the range of complex challenges facing the world today.
8 selected presentations on various themes of governance were made by the officers, on themes such as DBT, Swachh Bharat, e-Courts, Tourism, Health and Satellite Applications in Governance.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Philippines.
PM said that India has seen remarkable progress in the last four years.
The National Health Policy, 2017 adopted an elaborate procedure for its formulation involving stakeholder consultations.
A large number of Koreans trace their ancestry to this legendary princess.
· First Labour & Employment Working Group (EWG) Meeting – 7 to 10 May (Mpumalanga)
India is fortunate to be a stable democratic polity.
India takes great pride in the fact that Tamil is the most ancient of world languages.
Books open the windows of our minds.
Can you explain what shaped your worldview?
Themes such as trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchanges came up for discussion.
PM dedicated to the nation Garjee – Belonia Railway Line through unveiling of plaque at Swami Vivekananda Stadium here.
This is a proud moment for India.”
Our culture, our traditions have never taught us to be at loggerheads with nature.
Make in India and as President Rivlin told me in our discussion, Make with India can generate jobs and benefit both geographies.
This, in turn, creates jobs for the young and educated in both our societies.
Shri Modi emphasized that there is no restriction on any kind of non-cash payments by cheques, demand drafts, debit or credit cards and electronic fund transfer.
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
He visited various laboratories of the Institute.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched development projects worth Rs. 750 crore in Manipur.
The Prime Minister said, “We have taken a major step to provide education facilities at the higher educational, technical and professional institutions in addition to the reservation for the poor from general category.
We have targeted generation of one hundred and seventy-five GigaWatts of solar and wind energy by 2022.
A Bilateral agreement was signed between Punjab and J&K in Jan, 1979.
Poonam Yadav’s fantastic bowling can be lethal for even the best batsmen.
a) to expand bilateral cooperation in the tourism sector;
2nd Meeting of the BRICS Astronomy Working Group (8 September 2016, Ekaterinburg) 49.
Expressing happiness at being able to interact with the beneficiaries, and share their experiences, through technology, the Prime Minister said that the Ujjwala scheme has become a symbol of progress.
“My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
It will cover whole India and is not limited to any State/Districts.
Also, my sincere thanks to Jayalalithaa ji for being with us.
Similarly, Prime Minister Modi invited President Peña Nieto to pay a State visit to India.
The MoU was signed on 3rd November 2018 at Harare, Zimbabwe.
Look at the scourge of cheating, copying and such unfair means from any angle and in any form; it is surely going to drag you into the abyss of failure in life.
Mobilisation, monitoring and post training placement of trainees will be done through Rozgar Melas (placement camps) and Kaushal Shivirs (mobilization camps).
Seminar on Challenges in Developing the Bond Market in BRICS (27 September 2016, Mumbai) 60.
Now construction permits for starting a new business come faster, and sodo electricity connections and other approvals.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
In the last four years, we have jumped 65places in the Global Ranking of World Bank’s Doing Business Report.
102. Russia, India, China and South Africa extend full support to Brazil for its BRICS Chairship in 2019 and the hosting of the 11th BRICS Summit.
Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the National Productivity Council, an autonomous body under the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion, Ministry of Commerce & Industry, and Al Etihad Energy Services UAE, to provide various services in the field of energy management and conservation.
• A hospital with a capacity of 750 beds, trauma center facilities
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
He doesn’t need any middle man.
Not just against forces of terrorism, but also against those who support, shelter, train and finance them.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
He said this would improve the health of the entire village, much the same way as the Ujjwala Yojana had improved the health of their family members.
Congress got Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar defeated not once but twice.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in the region.
In Mann Ki Baat, I have always remembered one sentence of Acharya Vinoba Bhave.
Implementation of the Final BEPS Package requires changes to more than 3000 bilateral tax treaties which will be burdensome and time consuming.
Further steps on construction of the Putao-Myitkyina and Alethankyaw-Ahungmaw roads under available LOC would be taken after DPRs are made available by Myanmar.
Ugadi greetings to all those celebrating.
The European Union has been our largest trade partner for a long time.
But, it also provides the right eco-system for appropriate technology and innovation led growth.
Shri Prakash Tripathi reminiscing about the Emergency, has written, presenting 25thof June as a Dark period in the history of Democracy.
Signing the Agreement with Somalia shall facilitate the Indian prisoners imprisoned in Somalia or vice-versa to be near to their families, for serving remaining part of their sentence and shall facilitate their social rehabilitation.
He said there is immense potential for tourism in Varanasi, and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
If your resolve is strong, if your fervor, your enthusiasm is without bounds, all your hurdles halt in their tracks.
In a way, he is conducting a correspondence course for me even today.
He recalled how the jawans of the Indian Armed Forces put their lives on the line whenever there is a natural disaster.
May the injured recover quickly”, the PM said.
There was a time when Netaji used to wear it.
1. To expand bilateral cooperation in tourism sector 2.
7. Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
The Prime Minister urged senior officers to ensure that experience does not become a burden that stifles innovation of younger officers.
The cumulative value of all projects which were inaugurated, or for which foundation stone was laid today, is over Rs. 550 crore.
The main objectives of the Memorandum of Understanding are:
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Morocco on Mutual Legal Assistance in Civil and Commercial Matters.
We have a world class engineering education base and strong Research and Development facilities.
Disobedience of orders of authorities
One of them happens to be 19 year old Jigar Thakkar from Gujarat, whose body suffers from 80% muscle atrophy.
During Prime Minister’s visit to Brussels in March 2016 to attend the EU Summit and bilateral dialogue with Belgium, it was proposed to sign an MOU in IT and Electronics sector between India and Belgium.
Day 1 of PM visit to Gujarat was marked by the inauguration of the flagship Global Trade Show at the Exhibition centre in the run up to Vibrant Gujarat Summit.
He inaugurated 100 Jan AushadhiKendras in the State.
PM inaugurated the Phulpur to Patna stretch of the Jagdishpur-Varanasi Natural Gas pipeline on this occasion.
On this day, the Panchayati Raj system was implemented in our country.
He recalled India’s commitment to generate 175 GigaWatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
In order to ensure more beds, more hospitals and more doctors, Government has opened 92 medical colleges and increased MBBS seats by 15000.
Cultural Exchange Programme with Cambodia for the year 2018-2022.
By removing physical barriers at state boundaries, GST will accelerate long haul transport and further increase efficiency.
Therefore, it is also a loss of that region and the local people of that region to which he belongs.
He added that Vietnam is a key pillar of India’s “Act East” policy.
• The Leaders highlighted the importance of the maritime domain to their respective countries, the surrounding regions, and the world.
The Prime Minister said that Sufism has emphasized an enduring lesson of human history – that it is through openness and enquiry, engagement and accommodation, and respect for diversity that humanity advances, nations progress and the world prospers.
So is with the currency notes, more notes less value and finally no value.
The sports field is a great teacher.
Dr. MG Ramachandran was an actor, and politician who served as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu for ten years between 1977 and 1987.
The objective of the JDI on IGCS is to promote cooperation between German and Indian scientists on fundamental and applied scientific research.
The Prime Minister explained that the message of Sufism, is in harmony with the soul of the Bhakti saint’s saying in the Hindu tradition, “Into the bosom of the one great sea, Flow streams that come from hills on every side.”
By contrast, he said that earlier, the apparent competition seemed to be on delays and corruption.
The medium of cinema, the tools and the technology associated with it and even its audience has undergone radical changes over a period of time.
The leaders also agreed that a DPR would be prepared by Airports Authority of India through the close cooperation with Department of Civil Aviation(DCA) of Myanmar for development of Pakokku Airport or Kalay Airport with financial and technical assistance from India.
The Prime Minister later flagged off the “Run For Unity” from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
Expressing delight in interacting with the villagers from the recently electrified 18000 villages, Prime Minister said “People who have not seen darkness, don’t understand the meaning of illumination.
He was a part of the tradition of Bhakti saints and in the Kathamrit we find many references to Chaitanya Mahaprabhu – his trances, his songs, his utter devotion.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Bilateral Investment Treaty (BIT) between India and Cambodia.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar!
My cabinet approved on 12 July 2017 a proposal for IRRI to set up its South Asia Regional Centre at Varanasi.
I am told that there are about four thousand friends, young and old, present here.
We get to learn something each moment from them.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to increase oil palm area and production in India.
We remembered that surgical strike carried out in 2016, where our soldiers gave a befitting reply to the audacity of a proxy war under the garb of terrorism.
Now the times have changed
Her achievement is all the more special because she has made the imposing challenges in her life the key to her success.
All other interest free advances have been abolished.
PM said, “Saddened by the loss of lives due to a road accident in Araria, Bihar.
I am thankful for President Temer’s positive consideration.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will interact with lakhs of ASHA, ANM, Anganwadi workers, and health beneficiaries, via video conference, as part of “Poshan-Maah”, at 1030 hrs on 11th September, 2018.
We believe that all resources and all wealth belongs to Nature and the Almighty.
It implies that India’s rich history, culture and tradition are in Sanskrit.
We have expanded our cooperation in diverse fields such as institutional capacity building, human resource development, developmental and social projects, cultural exchanges, defence cooperation, tourism and people-to- people contact.
As developing countries, we share similar challenges.
• Centre has been working in close co-ordination with the states to bring on board the traders who have not yet been registered on GST platform by expediting the processes at the earliest.
They are performing well in every walk of life.
Thusa New India is emergingwhich will be modern and competitiveand yet caring and compassionate.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Bilateral Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and Securities and Exchange Organization (SEO), Iran in relation to mutual cooperation on matters pertaining to securities markets.
He added that even those who provide sanctuary to terrorists must not be spared now.
It is also driven by our common strategic priorities of securing our societies and bringing peace, stability and prosperity to the region.
Both agreed that the Afghan peace process has to be Afghan-led, Afghan-owned and Afghan-controlled.
But our lifestyle has changed.
3. The Agreement also provides for Mutual Agreement Procedure “for resolving any difference or for agreeing on procedures under the Agreement.
This was the third such group from Varanasi Parliamentary Constituency to meet the Prime Minister.
Strong India-USA ties benefit not only our two nations but also the entire world.
If we do well in water facilities, then one of the problems is solved.
v. The regime of bilateral rights and code share agreements will be liberalised leading to greater ease of doing business and wider choice to passengers.
Six Sub-Groups were formed under Homeland Security Dialogue covering the areas of:
This was the second of five such interactions.
This 2 minutes silence is an expression of our collective resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
Let me first congratulate the Department of Biotechnology, Government of India, the Government of Gujarat and the Nobel Media, who have brought this exhibition to Science City for five weeks.
Background
India is a country of 130 crore aspirations and there can never be a singular vision for development and progress.
Explaining the benefits of the digital filing application, the Chief Justice of India described this initiative as the biggest leap towards introducing technology in the judicial system.
Following are the highlights from his speech:
And all these things are not necessarily achieved through the Budget, government projects, or government money.
Thereafter following detailed consultations with the stakeholders and State Governments, based on the suggestions received, the Draft National Health Policy was further fine-tuned.
It is also a tribute to your unbreakable spirit to rise above the depths of tragedy, overcome hatred and forge ahead to build a vibrant democratic nation.
Government of India is at the forefront of several initiatives that protect the rights of the consumer and ensure their grievances are solved.
The Government of India provides financial assistance to SICI for maintenance of its Delhi office and for the promotion of Indian Studies in Canada.
The two leaders welcomed exchanges and dialogue between religious scholars and intellectuals of both countries and the organization of conferences and seminars to promote values of peace, tolerance, inclusiveness and welfare, inherent in all religions.
He did not allow the news to be published in his own newspaper so that the newspaper can win praise.
PM will also unveil several development projects.
We all know Cherrapunji, for being the place that receives the highest rainfall in the World.
Thank you very much.
PETROTECH provides the perfect setting to ponder over the future of the energy sector and provides the platform to reflect upon how global shifts, transitions, policies and new technologies will influence market stability and future investments in the sector.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised about an Memorandum of Understanding which has already been signed between India and Armenia for cooperation on youth matters.
None of our public institutions is free from these termites.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Lakshadweep, Tamil Nadu, and Kerala tomorrow.
One gets an opportunity to experience life anew, away from closeted walls, away from paper & pen and computers.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
Even if five companies shut shop in India, there is huge public outcry.
The MoU, will enhance bilateral cooperation between the two countries in the areas of Traditional Systems of Medicine.
This amount is 2.5 times more than what was allocated in four years preceding 2014
Earlier there used to be Dialysis only at the State capitals.
The Prime Minister described the implementation of GST as a key illustration of cooperative federalism.
He said the Government is addressing the special needs of the North East to enable growth parity with the rest of the country.
– building of institutional strengths.
3. Short term training of human resources in health;
Development is for uniting the regions and people, he added.
I’m fortunate that at the beginning of this year, I got an opportunity to participate in the 350th birth anniversary celebration organized at Patna Sahib.
SEBI also has a role to promote the development of healthy securities markets.
Highlighting the National Nutrition Mission, PM said that ‘Poshan Abhiyaan’ launched from Jhunjhunu in Rajasthan, targets reduction in incidence of stunting, anaemia, malnutrition and low birth weight.
He will inaugurate DD Arun Prabha Channel and Garjee – Belonia Railway Line.
Category of Freedom Fighters
But I want to share with you what I heard from these heroes.
The Prime Minister added that efforts have been made to make housing affordable for the middle class families.
Our side offers strength and stability.
It will ensure economies of scale, and also reduce the cost for both buyers and sellers.
The Bill will benefit a large number of transgender persons, mitigate the stigma, discrimination and abuse against this marginalized section and bring them into the mainstream of society.
He highlighted the importance of technology as an emerging driver of change over the last three decades, and asserted that this pace of change would not slacken.
Approval to India’s Approach to Climate Change Negotiations at the COP is intended to safeguard the interest of poor and vulnerable groups by emphasizing on adaptation, loss and damage, and protecting the development space.
• supporting cultivation of medicinal plants by adopting Good Agricultural Practices (GAPs) to provide sustained supply of quality raw-materials and development of infrastructure for medicinal plants storage and marketing.
Australia is one of the important bilateral partners of India.
He termed International Solar Alliance as a step in the direction of One World, One Sun, One Grid.
Now, it is possible to get a loan up to Rupees one crore in 59 minutes!
He said that beyond the rise of the economy, he feels that Rising India implies the rise of self-respect among the people of India.
And as was decided much earlier, the Digimela will be brought to a culmination on the 14th of April, the birth anniversary of Baba Saheb Ambedkar.
He said that it is the Government’s endeavour that whatever projects are taken up are completed within the scheduled timeframe.
BRICS countries can work closely with ISA to strengthen the solar energy agenda.
We have simplified industrial licensing, and introduced online application process for environmental and forest clearances.
Through his own conduct, he embraced those who were ostracized by society.
He used to preach that strength cannot be demonstrated by fighting against the weaker sections.
Today we remember the exemplary ideals of Gautama Buddha.
“I bow to the venerable Loknayak JP on his Jayanti.
• Promotion of Hydro projects through long term PPAs and exemption from competitive bidding till August 2022.
The Trustees also said that as Somnath is about to witness one crore of Yatris, the state of the art infrastructure for the all-round development should be envisioned.
• The final scheme will be notified by Central Government in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India.
We shall meet once again in another episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat’ next month.
His birth anniversary is celebrated as Teacher’ Day across the country.
The Revenue Secretary, Shri Hasmukh Adhia, highlighted the recent decisions of the GST Council regarding the oil and gas sector.
Greetings from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the auspicious occasion of Independence Day.
We have also re-instated Services as an avenue of discharging offsets.
The Prime Minister also shared a speech he had given last year in which he had paid tributes to Sri Ramakrishna Paramhansa.
The Fund is expected to generate employment for 18 lakh persons on full deployment.
With the increase approved by the Cabinet, the annual pension bill alone of the Central Government is likely to be Rs.1,76,071 crore.
Under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme 5.5 Cr. person days have been sanctioned in the labour budget 2018-19.
They should take appropriate decisions in public interest promptly.
“On Kargil Vijay Diwas, a grateful nation pays homage to all those who served the nation during Operation Vijay.
Maha-Shivratri celebrations go on for the entire night.
Building a strong Science and Technology infrastructure that is accessible to academia, start-ups, industry and R&D labs is a priority of the government.
This is the second such group to meet the Prime Minister.
My experience has been that by adopting this approach, the other side also tries to come to our wave length rather than arguing or creating pressure in order to convince thereby removing the communication gap and both sides become co-travelers in our journey of idea-sharing.
He said Rajasthan could benefit a lot from tourism, through better infrastructure connectivity, which would bring in employment.
The recurring cost on these Institutions shall be met through Grant-in-Aid to them from Plan Budget Head of PMSSY of Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved the revised guidelines of the Department of Public Enterprises (DPE) on time bound closure of sick/ loss making Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs) and disposal of movable and immovable assets.
Today, we have thirty sectoral dialogue mechanisms and seven ministerial level interactions, in addition to annual Summit meetings.
Sale proceeds are to be deposited as disinvestment proceeds in the Government Account maintained by Ministry of Finance.
Special Envoy Asim reiterated the commitment of Maldives to maintain close relations with India under Maldives’ “India First” policy.
Shalom le kulaam ani semya mayodh lehiyot po (I am delighted to be here in Israel.)
Just a while ago, Bihar launched an interesting initiative.
The ultra-modern Nirali Cancer Hospital will be the first comprehensive cancer hospital of Navsari.
Our country is ‘Bahuratna vasundhara’ … the land of myriad gems.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Tejaswini Sawant for the Gold in the women’s 50m Rifle 3 Positions event.
On the 28th, he will attend an event on “Transforming Urban Landscape.”
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and top officials of the State Government, disaster response agencies and PMO.
When we work with the motto of ‘Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas’ we are deeply motivated by Guru Ravidas Ji’s emphasis on serving every human, especially the poor.
These are areas where both countries can work together.
• Patratu Super Thermal Power Project (3×800 MW)
HH the Emir appreciated the role and contribution of the Indian community for the development and progress of the State of Qatar.
In order to avail this scheme, the foreign investor will have to invest a minimum of Rs. 10 crores to be brought within 18 months or Rs.25 crores to be brought within 36 months.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, on the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, has saluted the determination of our Divyangs and has conveyed his best wishes to them.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Morocco for Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
Guru Ravidas ji was born in the holy city of Varanasi.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that the upcoming PravasiBharatiya Divas, later this month in Varanasi, would be a success.
It is my firm belief that if we provide the right encouragement and a nurturing ecosystem, our youth has the ability to become global leaders in providing solutions to the challenges facing humanity.
In fact, preparations for festivals always begin with cleaning.
India and South Africa are strategic partners.
The present proposal is for moving a motion in Rajya Sabha withdrawing the Nalanda University (Amendment) Bill, 2013 introduced in Rajya Sabha on August 26, 2013 to amend certain existing provisions of the Nalanda University Act, 2010 and add some new provisions.
He said that in order to ensure that it is useful to the common man, this airport is part of the UDAN scheme.
Prime Minister said that Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana has been started with the objective of electrifying each and every house in the country.
Cultural Exchange Programme between the Government of the Republic of India And the Government of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar for the year 2017-2020
This Bill was finalised after detailed deliberations and discussions with public through internet and with employees/labour representatives, employers’ associations/federations and State Governments through tripartite consultative process.
It will examine the present structure of emoluments and conditions of service of Judicial Officers in the States and UTs.
He emphasized the importance of building positive narratives and optimism in the achievement of development targets.
I feel the self-control exercised by each one of them in conduct is worth understanding and emulating.
We are familiar with Israel’s advances in agriculture, and its expertise in micro-irrigation in drought-prone areas and water management.
In an address seen live across multiple locations throughout the country, on the first day of the roll-out of Goods and Services Tax, the Prime Minister described Chartered Accountants as doctors for the economic health and well-being of society.
The Government can only play the role of an enabler.
Over 7.94 crore toilets have been built since 2nd October 2014, with 4.06 lakh villages, 419 districts and 19 States & UTs already being declared Open Defecation Free (ODF).
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the consumer urging him to embrace digital transactions on World Consumer Rights Day.
And description was so long that I saw that you too were surprised that so many schemes can be implemented in such a short span of time to turn around the fortune of Bihar.
The Prime Minister will release a commemorative postage stamp on Nanaji Deshmukh.
Your visit is a high point in our top-level political exchanges.
Media houses too, are making a great effort in training people, inspiring them and guiding them towards ecofriendly Ganesh idols.
WE, the Heads of State/Government of the Member States of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and the Republic of India, gathered in New Delhi, India, on 25 January 2018 to commemorate the 25th Anniversary of ASEAN-India Dialogue Relations under the theme of “Shared Values, Common Destiny”;
My Dear Countrymen, some schemes of the Government are meant for ensuring savings for the common man.
Background:
We have legislated a monetary framework with inflation targeting and an independent monetary policy committee to curb inflation.
The renovation work of Ananda Temple and other historic and cultural buildings is being carried out with the help of India to repair the damages caused to them due last year’s earthquake.
And that is why today I would like say this thing before the NCC cadets, and through them to the NCC cadets across the country and be it the youth of NSS or be it the youth of Nehru Youth Centre and be it the students of schools and colleges or be it the youth of the country who live and die for the country, I seek your help.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra in New Delhi.
Check dams have also been built in large numbers, he added.
Today, as Strategic Partners, our cooperation spans across the entire gamut of political, economic, defence & security, cultural and people to people fields.
And, our ties are age old.
• Carry out dialogue and cooperative activities in the field of intellectual property rights under the MoU signed between the Swedish Patent Registration Office and the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion of India.
We are proud of the Jewish community in India.
2- BRICS Action Plan for Innovation Cooperation(2017-2020)
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today reviewed the progress towards holistic development of islands.
Every parent started feeling that they should take a selfie with their daughter.
And let me tell you, the best out of the best interns who have strived in schools & colleges with excellent work will be rewarded with recognition at the national level.
It will also enable assistance in collection of tax revenue claims between both countries.
Motivated by thousands years old history, our country has been witnessing changes from time to time.
Your visit this time helps us to carry forward the momentum of our cooperation and high level contacts.
He will arrive in Barauni where he will launch a series of development projects for Bihar.
Kochi will be one of the few cities in the world and the first in India to have a modern open-loop Smart Card, which can be used with other modes of transport like buses, taxies and autos as well.
In India, we are also focused on making our growth inclusive.
He appreciated their role in upholding strong and vibrant ties between India and Seychelles as close partners, including in the Indian Ocean.
Life truly means what is the knowledge that you have acquired!
This will lead to better utilization of assets provided by the Port in many projects before the formal completion certificate.
Chancellor Merkel and Friends!
This august gathering is also an important part of the same process.
Efforts have to be comprehensive and ‘outcome driven’, not ‘output driven’, the Prime Minister said.
Khadi Gramodyog revived its training centre at Pampore in Kashmir and in this sector Kashmir has so much to offer.
The Prime Minister said the need of the hour is for all of us to work together with a common resolve to take the nation to new heights.
The MoU was signed on 31st May 2018.
For this purpose, we have launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
He asked them to ensure that each trader is registered under GST.
The Prime Minister said that there was a time when India was considered to be part of the Fragile Five economies, which were dragging back global recovery.
PM also congratulates Gujarat for first implementing the 10% reservation quota for economically weaker section.
Giving the example of the recent Hackathon conducted by the Union Government, where students had proposed technology solutions to several problems, he said Universities should be centres of innovation.
Terrorism and violence were so widespread there that his family had to leave their ancestral land and flee from there.
It will have two corridors — Danapur to Mithapur and Patna Railway Station to New ISBT and is likely to be completed in five years.
The proposed outlay is Rs. 100 crore to assist in formalization of approximately 2,00,000 jobs in the sectors.
These functions are inspectorial, investigatory and advisory in nature.
I also look forward to paying a visit to the famed heritage city of Bagan, where the Archaeological Survey of India has done stellar work on renovating the Ananda Temple, and where it will be undertaking further restoration work on a number of pagodas and murals that were damaged in last year’s earthquake.
He did not want anybody to languish in poverty forever.
The Cabinet has also approved the proposal for establishment of Monitoring Framework at Centre with Commerce as the nodal Department with representation from various line Ministries/Departments and Agencies and representatives of concerned State Governments, to oversee the implementation of Agriculture Export Policy.
The Memorandum of Understanding will help in strengthening bilateral cooperation between India and France.
Aspects such as human psychology and behavioural psychology should be vital parts of training, he added.
As Venkaiah ji has taken over the office of the Vice President, it is our responsibility to familiarize the whole world with it.
Tomorrow, I will travel to Haifa to pay homage to our brave Indian soldiers.
PM mentioned about Akshaya Patra Foundation on October 24, 2018, during the launch of ‘Self4Society’ App in New Delhi.
India had garnered a record medal haul at the 18thAsian Games held at Jakarta and Palembang, Indonesia, by bagging 69 medals, beating the previous best of 65 medals won at Guangzhou Asian Games in 2010.
He will unveil several projects at Gabbur in Hubli.
ARNAB: Mr Prime Minister I now want to move to questions on the economy.
The NHPS comes in the backdrop of the fact that various Central Ministries and State/UT Governments have launched health insurance/ protection schemes for their own defined set of beneficiaries.
Let everyone play and shine,” the Prime Minister said.
One of the major objectives of ITC is to forge partnership with premier institutions engaged in training activities in the field of labour and employment.
We may recall the freedom struggle movement in 1857 when every corner of the country was reverberating with the call for freedom.
If we had maintained the speed of 2013 in laying optical fibre network in villages, then we would not have been able to accomplish the task for generations together.
He stressed on the need of modern agriculture and technological interventions, keeping in mind the specific needs of the region.
It gets its wings from our democratic traditions, emphasis on both wealth and value creation, a robust sense of enterprise and quest to modernize and prosper its economy.
I am glad to observe that these days, there are many websites apprising us of inspiring life- stories of such remarkable gems.
Our fight against black money will continue; our fight against corruption will continue.
Our key national symbols have taken inspiration from Buddhism.
The ancient Indian treatise, Charaka Samhita, introduced the world to Ayurveda.
i). The Ministerial level Joint Commission ii).
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the “Flood Management and Border Areas Programme (FMBAP)” for Flood Management Works in entire country and River Management Activities and works related to Border Areas for the period 2017-18 to 2019-20 with a total outlay of Rs.3342.00 crores.
The primary aim of the National Health Policy, 2017, is to inform, clarify, strengthen and prioritize the role of the Government in shaping health systems in all its dimensions- investment in health, organization and financing of healthcare services, prevention of diseases and promotion of good health through cross sectoral action, access to technologies, developing human resources, encouraging medical pluralism, building the knowledge base required for better health, financial protection strategies and regulation and progressive assurance for health.
I also invite you to visit the exhibition in the PBD Convention which gives you a glimpse of some of the flagship programs that we have been implementing and see how you can partner with us.
He also recalled Sardar Patel’s emphasis on urban development.
Our strategic partnership with ASEAN is also important for safeguarding and promoting our security interests and countering traditional and non-traditional security challenges in the region.
We Indians also feel proud that from Vedic times to the modern day, Sanskrit language has played a stellar role in the universal spread of knowledge.
The Prime Minister extended condolences to the families of the deceased.
The entire domain of maritime and coastal security is therefore mature for deeper engagement between our two countries.
Come, get connected with me.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a function organized by the Press Council of India on the occasion of National Press Day.
Our Government took various measures to develop this source of financing in the economy.
DGLL having expertise in lighthouse engineering maintains large inventory of Aids to navigation which includes 193 lighthouses, 64 Racons, 22 Deep Sea lighted buoys, 23 DGPS stations, 01 Lightship, 04 tender vessels, National AlS Network, Vessel Traffic Service in Gulf of Kutch.
The Prime Minister also stressed on the need for cities to focus on solid waste management.
It is India’s hope that peace, dialogue, and restraint will prevail.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a fifty – fifty Joint Venture of Government of India and Government of Kerala.
Santosh Ji, your name and your deed – both are sources of SANTOSH, satisfaction for all of us.
We will continue to intensify and deepen our engagement with Africa.
A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed between postal administrations of India and Viet Nam for this joint issue on 18-12-2017.
The central assistance is provided to the State Governments / UT Administrations under the Scheme for construction of court halls and residential units for Judicial Officers / Judges of District and Subordinate Courts.
He urged all officers to speed up the adoption of Government e- Marketplace (GeM) in their respective departments.
The sale of tractors has reached a new high.
They stressed that this cooperation will contribute to further enhancement of nuclear safety and will be mutually advantageous.
We aim for a Transformation by Transportation through investment in infrastructure in the region.
NIT, Andhra Pradesh will ensure that the students of State of Andhra Pradesh will get adequate opportunities to pursue research at undergraduate, postgraduate and doctoral levels, in an inter-disciplinary knowledge regime and research environment.
Major Impact including employment generation potential:
More than seven thousand reforms have been implemented on the front of Ease of doing business;
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Joint Declaration of Intent (JDI) between Germany and India regarding cooperation in the sector of alternative medicine.
We also offer a training programme on Telecom and Networking Technologies, to share best practices in Policy, Regulation and Technological Development for Information and Communication Technology professionals from ASEAN countries.
The potential for employment generation from these innovations driven Startups is quite high.
A few days back, Government announced a major tax relief for small businesses.
Access to EBRD’s Countries of Operation and sector knowledge.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to CPWD, and Directorate of Estates.
By renaming Kandla Port as “Deendayal Port, Kandla”, a grateful nation would be remembering the invaluable contributions made by one of the greatest sons of India, Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay.
Do we need to worry only about the power and the vote.?
There can be no doubt about this fact.
So, to the people and Government of Herat and the Government of Afghanistan, I express our deepest appreciation for your support, patience and understanding – and, above all, your belief in us.
During the financial year 2017-18, amount of central share of SDRF to State Government of Kerala and Tamil Nadu is Rs. 153 crore and Rs. 561 crore respectively.
He appreciated the sensitivity that has been shown in this regard by various departments of the Central and State Governments.
This Government stands with the Muslim women in their quest for justice
This will be termed as “Dearness Relief”, the appropriate term in case of pensioners.
53. The leaders noted the adoption of the report on “EU’s Political Relations with India” in the European Parliament and welcomed its recommendations for intensifying the exchanges between the Indian and European parliamentary delegations.
I had a very satisfying visit to the Philippines a little over two months ago.
India did not support the draft Ministerial Declaration as it excluded or failed to adequately cover important issues such as multilateralism, the Doha Development Agenda and special and differential treatment of developing countries.
• 1.11 crore persons have subscribed for Atal Pension Yojana (APY).
• A silver vase (Kalash) with embossing, with a base price of Rs. 10,000/- was auctioned for Rs. 6 lakhs.
Both Sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
He went on to add in Hebrew “I am delighted to be here in Israel.”
As per Article 279A (1) of the amended Constitution, the GST Council has to be constituted by the President within 60 days of the commencement of Article 279A.
He also chatted informally with several athletes, who drew out their mobile phones for selfies with the Prime Minister.
I congratulate him, I offer my gratitude.
The maximum amount of coal mined has been in this year.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Varanasi and Ghazipur in Uttar Pradesh on 29th December, 2018.
On the side lines of the Summit, I hope you shall have some time to see the history and splendor of this city.
In the end, I also wish all of us more such celebrations where we can rejoice in success of our common and collective efforts for regional growth and prosperity.
Several attempts were made by Department of Heavy Industries for revival of the company but failed.
The private entrepreneurs/ cooperative bodies/ joint ventures will be invited by the respective state Governments for oil palm plantation in their state.
It is important to mention here that there is no functional urea unit in the Eastern part of the country except two small units at Namrup (Assam).
I firmly believe that Buddhism’s message of peace is the answer to growing arc of violence all over the world.
The Prime Minister described the relationship between India and Israel as one of traditions, culture, trust and friendship.
We believe it is an important milestone in strengthening BRICS cooperation in the fields of connectivity and infrastructure.
However, except for 2-3 crore farmers from the upper level, a large number of farmers are not in its ambit.
101 of these satellites were owned by countries such as USA, Israel, Switzerland, Netherlands, Kazakhstan and UAE.
Certainty ot supply of surplus power to India by Bhutan from MHEP.
Each exam will then become just one more step towards realizing that dream; each success will turn into a key of realizing that goal.
We are not obliging these great men by remembering them but we remember them so that we may be able to foresee our forays into the future and the direction we choose.
Manika Batra won a medal in each of the events that she competed in.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, addressed and interacted with the Indian Community in Doha, shortly before leaving for Geneva on Sunday evening.
Efficiency:-
The God has gifted us all the wisdom.
Despite this, our security forces have shown restraint.
ii. The Central Election Commission of Albania;
The Union Government has plans to focus on around 115 districts which are relatively backward when evaluated on various social indicators.
9. We welcome the hosting of the BRICS-Africa Outreach and second BRICS Plus Cooperation with Emerging Markets and Developing Countries (EMDCs) during the Johannesburg Summit.
So, our endeavour is health for all.
All the states of the North East region are blessed with natural scenic beauty, distinct historical cultural and ethnic heritage.
I went to see the Cellular Jail there.
Malaysia, Indonesia, Nigeria, Thailand and Columbia are the major oil palm producing countries.
The Union Government has accorded high priority to the MSME sector in recent years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Indian Junior Hockey Team, on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
There should be a broad discussion on this and we should not run away from the debate on this continious cycle of elections.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
5. Employees’ Mandatory Contribution – 2% of basic pay + DA per month.
These objectives are to be achieved by 2022.
At least, give it a try.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom regarding cooperation between both countries in the sphere of Law & Justice and to set up a Joint Consultative Committee.
I will pay an official visit to Spain from 30 – 31 May 2017.
A number of Indian Chartered Accountants are holding top level positions in Canadian companies and with the recognition from CPA Canada, the Canadian Corporates would trust Indian talent and skills more and proceed to hire them.
He paid tribute to the contribution of all those who have been associated with the High Court of Delhi, over the last five decades.
“We are not looking at a traditional import-export relationship with Israel.
We have leveraged the power of a biometric identity system, bank accounts and mobile phones, to deliver subsidies and services to the previously unbanked.
Indeed, India’s support for Sri Lanka’s development is a promise of our friendship.
Furthermore, redevelopment of railway stations across the country will have a multiplier effect in the economy with increased job creation and improved economic growth.
Some were dismissed and some have been imprisoned.
It seeks to ensure improved access and affordability of quality secondary and tertiary care services through a combination of public hospitals and strategic purchasing in healthcare deficit areas from accredited non-­governmental healthcare providers, achieve significant reduction in out of pocket expenditure due to healthcare costs, reinforce trust in public healthcare system and influence operation and growth of private healthcare industry as well as medical technologies in alignment with public health goals.
Leaders like Mahatma Gandhi and President Hồ Chí Minh led our peoples in the heroic struggle against colonialism.
The MoU signifies an important landmark in the civil aviation relations between India and other BRICS Member States and has the potential to spur greater trade, investment, tourism and cultural exchanges amongst the BRICS Nations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Guntur in Andhra Pradesh, Tiruppur in Tamil Nadu and Hubli in Karnataka tomorrow.
14. India and the EU reiterated the importance they attach to human rights cooperation, including on gender equality and women empowerment in all spheres of life.
He said Sant Kabir had criticized all social structures which discriminated among people.
Pro-farmer initiatives of the Government:
The Prime Minister offered sweets and exchanged greetings with the jawans.
Two, our development partnership will be guided by your priorities.
I am glad that many people have given me feedback.
a. Dispatch of experts
The MoU intends to promote closer co-operation in the areas of e-Governance, m-Governance, e-Public Services Delivery, cyber security, software technology parks, start-ups ecosystem etc.
“The life and works of hundreds of Indian Scientists are a compelling testament of integration of deep fundamental insights with technology development and nation-building.
The payment of PLB would serve as an incentive, and result in motivating a large number of Railway employees, particularly those involved in execution and operations of railways, to improve their productivity and ensure safety, speed and service for Railway customers.
Do have a look! https://t.co/HL4RbIyE9z
Today, that dream has come true.
3) Government will launch a special initiative to probe deep-seated/concealed mineral deposits in the country.
The Prime Minister said that since 2014,India has made significant improvements in almost all international rankings and indices.
With every passing day, it is easier and smoother to do business in India.
Earlier in the day, PM laid the foundation stone for extension of Terminal Building of Surat Airport and inaugurated various developmental projects in Surat.
The proposed measures are expected to make the textile sector competitive.
You must have seen that last week the Indian government issued a postage stamp on ‘Surya Namaskar’ on the occasion of International Yoga Day.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the following:
• Maintaining law and order is the responsibility of State Governments and wherever these incidents are taking place, state Governments must deal firmly with it.
The Agreement between India and Uzbekistan provides for cooperation in the following fields:
Every citizen of India has unwavering trust and pride in our Army, which protects the nation and is also at the forefront of humanitarian efforts during times of natural disasters and other accidents.
This is a good beginning.
Mobility Led Urban Development
• The trend of expenditure in the schemes reflects that the funds allocated would be spent in a balanced manner throughout the year.
(d) Inclusion of the Chairperson, Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC), as a permanent invitee (non-voting) to all proceedings of the GST Council;
Both leaders welcomed the signing of the MoU for Cooperation in Skill Development and Recognition of Qualifications.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Tajikistan on Cooperation on Youth Matters.
Prime Minister Modi underlined that India would contribute to the success of the 200 year celebrations of the foundation of the Institute.
Spirituality is an eternal blessed journey and our sages, saints, scholars, teachers as well as preachers have contributed to ensure the timely and successful passage on that journey.
To the health and well- being of the President of Kenya, His Excellency President Uhuru Kenyatta;
Along with our shared land boundaries are our shared rivers.
He was intervening during the debate in the Lok Sabha on the GST Bill.
I also know that we will surely do so, the moment You decide to do so.
He brings a message of friendship and peace, the President added.
Easier business environment is leading to historic opportunities for our entrepreneurs, particularly MSME sector & bringing more prosperity.
At a public meeting at Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana account holders.
The Prime Minister offered words of encouragement to each of them.
MoU between Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India and NEXI, Japan
The university plans to use latest pedagogy and technology applications (satellite based tracking, Radio Frequency Identification and Artificial Intelligence) to improve on-the-job performance and productivity.
The Sides noted the importance of expansion of collaboration in aluminium sector.
About four-fifth of the total budget (i.e. Rupees 75 crores) is being earmarked for the States while the remaining fund will support the Central Council operations for 4 years and also establish the Central and State Registers.
This momentous occasion stands today as a testimony to the concept of Co-operative Federalism in Indian Democracy.
They also agreed that both sides have the maturity and wisdom to handle the differences through peaceful discussion within the context of the overall relationship, bearing in mind the importance of respecting each other’s sensitivities, concerns and aspirations.
Brothers and sisters, today, the country is moving ahead celebrating the festival of honesty.
This brings about a psychological transformation.
The details of the decision are as follows:
NABARD created a fund of 21,000 crore rupees last month.
Communication leads to compassion, the Prime Minister added.
An eight-member bipartisan US Congress delegation led by Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
While settlements have started coming up in Greater Noida, it is still in the developing stage and needs greater connectivity with Noida and Delhi.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
They are the ultimate test for a sportsperson’s mettle… all four of these virtues form the core foundation of nation – building universally.
This is also applicable to other works such as gauge conversion, doubling of lines and electrification of existing lines etc.
Today, while India has become a net exporter of electricity, it has also ensured that crores of households which were in darkness since independence have got electricity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Opening Ceremony of the Haryana Swarna Jayanti Celebrations in Gurugram.
My thoughts are with his family, friends and lakhs of people grieving.
Cho Ramaswamy was insightful, frank brilliant.
The scheme was formally launched on 28th August, 2014 at National level by the Prime Minister.
Government of India’s decision for closure of the company will be conveyed to BIFR for seeking their approval.
MoU on Academic and Scholarly cooperation sectors between National Defence College Sultanate of Oman and the Institute for Defence Studies and the Analyses.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the loss of lives caused due to cloudburst and heavy rain in Uttarakhand.
We are promoting the use of digital payments.
To tell you the truth, I have no such secret.
The proposal under this sub-scheme is to incentivize 1000 units in Leather, Footwear and Accessories & Components sector during the three years with proposed outlay of Rs.425 crore.
At the same time, our Central Banks have taken steps to make the Contingent Reserve Arrangement fully operational.
Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Nations Entity of Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UN-Women).
The poor is the central focus of my economic agenda.
And in the coming days, from the land where Mahatma Gandhi had launched Champaran movement, the land where Mahatma Gandhi gave the message of cleanliness, the land where Mahatma Gandhi had given the message of self dependence, such a land, and today the country has expectations of you.
18. The two sides described bilateral trade ties as an abiding link between the two countries.
Because even the British who raised a mighty empire used to be terrified of him.
We hope that during this visit you would feel the same warmth and hospitality that we have felt during our visit to Switzerland in 2016.
He told the medal winners that their sporting feats have raised India’s stature and pride.
Once again I bow down to this massive crowd.
In its judgment dated 16.11.1992 in WP(C) 930/1990 (IndraSawhney case) the Supreme Court had directed the Government to specify the basis, for exclusion of socially and economically advanced persons from Other Backward Classes by applying the relevant and requisite socio-economic criteria.
Last December, in Kabul, I was moved by the honour of inaugurating the Afghan Parliament Building.
The Prime Minister said crop residue burning has harmful effects, and if the crop residue is instead returned to the soil through machines, it will have beneficial effects.
PM said that under the Udan scheme, more number of airports are being added to give a boost to air connectivity and now people can access it not far from their respective places.
“I bow to Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj on his Jayanti.
When the money is spent in the proper manner then it creates the facilities for providing good schools, good teachers to the children of a poor person.
At the time of disinvestment, surplus land measuring 773.13 acres located at five locations in 4 cities, namely, Pune, Kolkata, New Delhi and Chennai (out of a total of 1230.13 acres of land) was demarcated and decided that the surplus land will not be part of the disinvestment bid.
This will minimize vulnerability to any geographic concentration risks faced by subsidiary banks.
In a major boost to pro-people and pro-poor initiatives, the Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in its meeting held on 5.9.2018 has approved the continuation of National Mission for Financial Inclusion – Pradhan Mantri JanDhan Yojana (PMJDY) with the following changes:-
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the monetization of 3.70 acres of land at PragatiMaidan by India Trade Promotion Organisation (ITJPO) on long-term leasehold basis for 99 years for construction and running of a Hotel by a third party including private sector through a transparent competitive bidding process.
It forges a link between us and many Asian countries like China, Japan, Korea, Thailand, Cambodia, and Myanmar where Buddhist traditions and his preaching are a part of their origins.
Under this scheme AIIMS have been established in Bhubaneshwar, Bhopal, Raipur, Jodhpur, Rishikesh and Patna while work of AIIMS Rae Bareli is in progress.
4. In the meeting with Prime Minister Phuc, the two leaders expressed satisfaction at the growth of bilateral relations between the two countries within the framework of Comprehensive Strategic Partnership, including in the fields of maritime cooperation in the Indo-Pacific region, defence, oil and gas, trade and investment.
The joint stamps were released on 25-01-2018.
For this DDA has earmarked 34.87 Ha land in Sector 24, Dwarka, which will be transferred to L&DO.
The works done during these years were tested on every touch stone .
Scale of 1 to 5 – outstanding, very good, good, ok, useless
The exchange, I am told, will work twenty two hours a day, starting when the Japanese markets start, and closing when US markets close.
The Prime Minister said that day is also observed as the International Day of the Girl Child.
We human beings have a natural inclination to be enchanted by the delights of the rainy season.
This would empower the citizens by providing them access to information, knowledge and skills for operating computers / digital access devices.
This Legislation is to address this requirement.
And, we also recognize that our close security partnership would help us to secure our peoples from these threats.
Prime Minister further conveyed condolences on the loss of lives and destruction caused by the recent floods and landslides in Sri Lanka.
He said that women officers in short service commission are being given opportunities for permanent commission at par with their male counterparts.
A list of Covered Tax Agreements as well as a list of reservations and options chosen by a country are required to be made at the time of signature or when depositing the instrument of ratification.
AGREEMENT/MOU
This equality is not only in terms of the rights, but also of the way of living.
In this context he suggested brainstorming at the district level.
16. One rank, One Pension policy has boosted the morale of our security forces.
We call on all economies to strengthen their policy dialogue and coordination in the spirit of partnership at the G20 and other fora to prevent potential risks from spreading.
The Prime Minister said that the Government has also been making efforts at conserving the rich cultural heritage of the country.
Countries have moved beyond stand-alone efforts.
It will perhaps be difficult for us to forget the year’s summer..
The MoU will facilitate better understanding of the regulatory aspects between the two sides and help in increasing India’s export of medical products to Indonesia and better coordination in international fora.
While these PPP experiments have helped create world class airports, it has also helped AAI in enhancing its revenues and focusing on developing airports and Air Navigation infrastructure in the rest of the country.
knowingly or un – knowingly, intentionally or un- intentionally, had become a part of our daily lives.
H.E. Mr. Sergey Lavrov Minister of Foreign Affairs of Russian Federation
We strongly believe that our fight against terrorism should not only seek to disrupt and eliminate terrorists, terror organisations and networks, but should also identify, hold accountable and take strong measures against States who encourage, support and finance terrorism, provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups, and falsely extol their virtues.
: As per the AIIMS Act 1956 Amended vide AIIMS (Amendment) Act, 2012, there shall be a Chief Executive Officer of the Institute.
The new Bill has proposed a simplified composition of the Board of Port Authority which will comprise of 11 members from the present 17 to 19 Members representing various interests.
We are aware, Excellency, that you are an avid soccer fan.
Venkaiah ji is the son of a farmer.
We will have to repeatedly remind ourselves of good inspirational incidents.
Due to terrorism normal life in Kashmir Valley is affected.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to Railways.
In Gujarat, civil aviation infrastructure has not only been strengthened but also air connectivity has been enhanced.
We are seen as the engine of global growth.
May the kites inspire us all to fly high.
Indian port industry loses out upto Rs 1,500 Crores of revenues each year.
So stay confident and all the very best to you.”
The project will increase the capacity of ferrying passengers as well as goods.
For centuries, India has welcomed traders from distant lands, who came in search of our distinctive spices.
This is why athletes are special, he added.
• The Bill defines “Deposit Taker” and “Deposit” comprehensively;
What has it led to?
Both countries are having huge biodiversity and home for rare medicinal plants which are frequently used in Traditional Systems of Medicine.
Thirteen years ago, on account of a delay in medical treatment, a Cab driver from Kolkata, Saidul Laskar lost his sister.
ARNAB: This is your first one to one interview to a private news channel since you became Prime Minister.
· We want to explore minerals and hydrocarbons in a greener way;
Giving the example of “waste to wealth” entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that this can help achieve the objectives of Swachh Bharat and clean environment.
My Government has a clear vision of where we want India to be in the next 15 years.
To tap the youth energy fully, we have launched the Start up India and Stand up India Campaigns.
The Prime Minister outlined a five-point charter for tax administrators – RAPID: R for Revenue, A for Accountability, P for Probity, I for Information and D for Digitization.
I also welcome all those who are joining this event remotely from across the world, over the internet.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed an event to mark World Biofuel Day in New Delhi.
Over the past month, more than 50 lakh toilets have participated in this unique contest.
He is extremely enthusiastic and motivates others also to go digital.
However, the country has been experiencing change for the last four years.
As per data of current functional AIIMS, it is expected that each new AIIMS would cater to around 1500 OPD patients per day and around 1000 IPD patients per month.
The Prime Minister said that Shri Venkaiah Naidu is the first Vice President born in Independent India.
We should move in this direction.
But, when we mention Ganesh Utsav, it is natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak ji.
Addressing a gathering at the Asramam ground in Kollam, Prime Minister Modisaid that infrastructure development has been the priority of his Government and the Kollam bypass is an example.
• Clear-cut time lines have been provided for attachment of property and restitution to depositors;
Air is every where every time.
He released a postal stamp on “Ramayana,” on this occasion.
You can film a two-three-minute movie that inspires cleanliness.
India salutes our scientists.
The Summit provided opportunities for meeting with global industry leaders, networking of international entrepreneurs, innovators, investors.
He said that the results as presented today, gave him satisfaction that this vision was well on the road to realization.
Two Lines of Credits for: 1.
This has boosted employment in the housing sector and related construction industries.
In view of the same, the Convention was conceived as a Multilateral instrument which would swiftly modify all covered bilateral tax treaties (Covered Tax Agreements / CTA) to implement BEPS measures.
We need to move to responsible pricing,which balances the interests of both the producer and consumer.
By extending the contract, India’s exclusive rights for exploration of Polymetallic Nodules in the allotted Area in the Central Indian Ocean Basin will continue and would open up new opportunities for resources of commercial and strategic value in area beyond national jurisdiction.
During the session, participants shared their views on various economic themes such as the macro-economy, agriculture and rural development, employment, health and education, manufacturing and exports, urban development, infrastructure and connectivity.
He said the road connecting Babatpur Airport with Varanasi was becoming an attraction for tourists, besides facilitating travel.
It is a matter of concern.
And, Southeast Asia and ASEAN, our neighbours by land and sea, have been the springboard of our Look East and, for the last three years, the Act East Policy.
Let all of us together witness the strength of this collective momentum and its impact.
NEC was established under the North Eastern Council Act, 1971 as an apex level body for securing balanced and coordinated development and facilitating coordination with the States.
G-20 Forum should consider initiating work on locating properties of economic offenders who have a tax debt in the country of their residence for its recovery.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian entertainment industry enjoys immense popularity across the world.
1) It is the duty of any Government to maintain law and order.
Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh, Shri Shivraj Singh Chouhan was also present on the occasion.
I used to learn quite a lot from those young children.
Athletes who participated in these games hail from various parts of the country, even from smaller towns.
The loss that NABARD suffers by giving loans to cooperative banks and societies at low interest rates, shall be borne by the Government of India.
-Tax treaties with several new countries were signed and earlier tax agreements were amended.
The wheels we set in motion today will achieve this goal.
· The Government of India will support the reconstruction of approximately 1400 houses fully damaged due to Cyclone Ockhi, on priority, under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (PMAY).
Today we see a magnificent impression of North East in the field of sports.
PM said, “India is now ready for business.
If you refer to Mahatma Gandhi, Lokmanya Tilak, Swami Vivekanand, our former President Abdul Kalamji then you will notice that when they toured around India, they got to see and understand India and they got inspired to do and die for the country.
With this, you would be able to visit Varanasi with ease and seek the blessings of Lord Shiva.
Dr. Mookerjee is remembered as a fine educationist, a wonderful administrator and a stalwart who fought for India’s freedom as well as unity”, the Prime Minister said.
Nine such parks are already operational, and more than thirty others are in the process of coming up across the country.
The MoU intends to promote closer cooperation for exchange of knowledge and experience in detection, resolution and prevention of security-related incidents between India and Morocco.
PM also acclaimed the success of Newborn care, which benefits 1.25 million children of the country every year.
The Union Government has embarked upon a major policy initiative for the rapid transformation of districts that are lagging on specific development parameters.
With this terminal in place, products can be moved along the coast from Kochi, thereby also reducing the cost of movement by road.
Asserting that India is today brimming with self-confidence, the Prime Minister mentioned developments such as the success of Navika Sagar Parikrama by six young women naval officers, and the achievements of young Indian sportspersons from humble backgrounds.
“Congrats for the Silver, P V Sindhu.
He recalled that the Union Government had earlier rolled out the Jan Dhan Yojana to establish financial inclusion.
Shri Chandrakant Kulkarni is an ordinary man who belongs to an average middle class family.
Now the numbers has doubled and grown to 7.25 crores.
When the work of the new terminal is over, it will be able to handle 26 lakh passengers in a year in place of 4 lakhs now.
He added that its implementation is a complex task that may well be the subject of future case-studies.
Pork processing and value addition.
The Prime Minister complimented the State Government of Assam for its efforts towards completing pending projects.
iii. MMRDA will identify / demarcate 40 acres of land retaining 24 acres of land for AAI, with clear access / approach from the nearby city road.
We will rely on African talent and skills.
For this purpose, formation of an Ad-hoc Group for the development of such multilateral instrument was endorsed by the G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors in February 2015.
“Congratulations Donald Trump on being elected as the 45th US President.
Ladies and Gentlemen.
there was competition on who can do fastest corruption,
As part of its efforts in seeking international collaboration for initiatives in Good Governance and Administrative reforms, DARPG has so far entered into bilateral MoUs with China, Malaysia, Singapore.
Wherever such Tinkering Labs are established in schools, those would be given 10 Lakh rupees and further 10 Lakh rupees will be provided for maintenance during the period of five years.
Throughout the interview, he makes a conscious effort to point out the deep ties between the Indian and Israeli peoples.
g) Risk based framework for inspection and regulatory regimes
• This MoU shall enable pursuing the following potential interest areas of cooperation such as, remote sensing of the earth; satellite communication and satellite based navigation; Space science and planetary exploration; use of spacecraft and space systems and ground system; and application of space technology.
India and Saudi Arabia have enjoyed a strong diplomatic and long economic relationship.
Thus, if the above activities are regulated by any financial sector regulator, then foreign investment upto 100% under automatic route shall be allowed; and, if they are not regulated by any Financial Sector Regulator or where only part is regulated or where there is doubt regarding the regulatory oversight, foreign investment up to 100% will be allowed under Government approval route, subject to conditions including minimum capitalization requirement, as may be decided by the Government.
Belarus has a large concentration of industries, mainly into manufacturing and heavy industries, which draw their strength from available skilled manpower and a highly developed skill training system.
My dear countrymen, whenever there is a reference to famous religious places, not only of India but of the whole world, it is very natural to mention about the Sabrimala temple of Kerala.
Besides whatever I have said, there is a very long list of examples of the tribal communities which teach us how to keep a close coordination and make adjustments with the nature and the nation is indebted to our tribal people for the forest land that is still remaining with us.
A great saint of Gujarat, Narsi Mehta said-
• 12 weeks Maternity Benefit to a ‘Commissioning mother’ and ‘Adopting mother’.
With only two point four percent of the world’s land area, India harbors 7-8 percent of the recorded species diversity, while supporting nearly eighteen percent of human population.
Airports developed by State Govt, Private sector or in PPP mode x.
For this, I would like to say that we have to strengthen the foundation laid by Dr. Baba Saheb.
In the BIMSTEC Leaders’ Retreat 2016, held in Goa on 16th October 2016, the Leaders decided to expedite the signing of the MoU on BIMSTEC Grid Interconnection.
The Government has approved North East BPO promotion scheme in the Digital India programme for creation of employment opportunities.
The Prime Minister noted that Shri Ansari’s family has an illustrious history of over 100 years in public life.
The rapidly deteriorating condition of these old houses entails very high expenditure on their maintenance.
They have urged me to speak on this subject well before the festival of Ganesh Chaturthi.
For IHHLs, financial incentive of Rs. 12,000 is provided to the eligible beneficiaries for construction of individual household toilets in the prescribed funding share pattern between the Centre and the States.
Even if an extremely corrupt person succeeds in occupying a high office even then he will be forced to follow the path of honesty.
Flags off First Phase of Ahmedabad Metro; Inaugurates the New Civil Hospital and New Cancer Hospital
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today reviewed the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana (PMKSY) – the Union Government’s flagship irrigation programme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the awardees of National Teachers’ Awards, 2017 at Lok Kalyan Marg, on the eve of Teachers’ Day.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the shared values between India and Japan.
The Foundation, in association with Mahaveer Viklang Sahayta Samiti, has been instrumental in the fitment of Jaipur Foot to needy amputees.
All of these offer unprecedented opportunities for Japanese industry.
33. The two leaders emphasized that the overwhelming response to the International Day of Yoga was a reflection of the global community’s desire to come together to seek a balanced, healthier and sustainable future for the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today offered prayers at the temple at Narmada Udgam Sthal – the origin of the River Narmada.
I am delighted to return to Afghanistan; Honoured to be among people who have set the standard of courage for our age; Privileged to see again the high tide of friendship in this vast ocean of love for India.
We have done unprecedented capacity addition in major ports.
(e) facilitating study visits and sharing of information and experience through workshops, seminars and conferences;
The improved connectivity will also lead to an increase in tourism in the region.
This budget takes care of the interest of several sectors- from farmer welfare to middle class, from income tax relief to infrastructure, from manufacturing to MSME, from housing to healthcare and from the increased pace of development to the New India.
Sri Madhavacharya had written his renowned Geetabhashya on this holy land of Udupi only.
And it is the duty of all countrymen to keep our historical heritage safe and clean.
In our country, like the toiling farmers, our scientists are also achieving success on many fronts to take our country to new heights.
He also mentioned some of the efforts that the Government of India is undertaking to bring about a paradigm shift in the education sector.
I will also call on King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands and meet Queen Maxima.
To ensure that the migrating Indian workers enjoy better economic opportunities, we will shortly launch a skill development program – the Pravasi Kaushal Vikas Yojana targeted at Indian youth who seek overseas employment.
The theme chosen for this year is “Shaping an Inter-connected World”.
The growing depth and variety in our relationship has been accentuated by the harmony between our Act East Policy and ROK’s New Southern Policy.
“In a world of excess, Yoga promises restraint and balance.
Excellency, I am in agreement what you just said about the strengths and future potential of our relationship.
I would like to specially appeal to the entire political class to place implicit faith in the people.
He said that it is his privilege that he got to work with Shri Pranab Mukherjee.
Also the clay will go back and get dissolved in the pond or the river and will thus help in protecting the environment.
For the time he was appointed by the previous government, he completing his entire term.
That is why such people won’t like PM Modi .
I feel fortunate that the occasion of the great festival of Budha Purnima is celebrated as Vesak day by the United Nations.
We have achieved several milestones through demonetization.
Banks are reducing their interest rates.
The visit is part of the continuing high level interaction between the leaders of the two countries and follows successive State visits to India last year by H.E. President U Htin Kyaw and H.E. State Counsellor Daw Aung San Suu Kyi.
A Technology Perspective and Capability Road-map has been released to help the industry in planning and initiating technology development, partnerships and production arrangements.
The same House which once on 14 August, 1947, at the stroke of the midnight hour, witnessed the most pious moment of the nation attaining freedom!
India is creating next generation infrastructure at a record pace.
The new NSP adopts a multi-pronged approach which aims to ‘Detect’ all TB patients with an emphasis on reaching TB patients seeking care from private providers and undiagnosed TB in high-risk populations,
We have also committed to produce forty per cent of our power from non fossil fuel by 2030.
The transfer of the properties to MoHUA would enable use of the land for public purpose.
We salute with pride & joy Bharat Ratna M. Visvesvaraya on his birth anniversary.
We remain committed to work with ASEAN to enhance practical cooperation and collaboration in our shared maritime domain.
The exhibition showcases good practices and applications, as well as schemes and initiatives of the Ministry of Rural Development.
• Lower power cost by creating transmission capacity for accessing power from across India.
In a short span of time, a umber of women have become part of this phenomenon.
But one thing that impressed me most was Meghalaya and the hard work of the farmers of the state.
The main areas of cooperation include the following:
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play a key role in the dissemination of Dr. Ambedkar’s teachings and vision.
Once again, my best wishes to you all on the occasion of the festivals coming our way.
Now citizens lead, and the government follows, he added.
And, in this respect we welcome Garuda Indonesia’s decision to commence direct flights to Mumbai.
In several major jurisdictions such as in Japan, USA and U.K. Competition Authorities are of a similar size.
Army has deployed 10 Columns and 10 Teams of Engineering Task Force (ETFs) involving around 790 trained personnel’s.
All this in turn will give a major boost to socio-economic activity in the state, opening up employment opportunities for the local people.
The New Museum Building will also have two Auditoriums, equipped with State-of-the-Art Digital Cinema Projectors and 7.1 surround sound system.
The poor and middle class in the country is benefitted most from these schemes.
1st February is the festival of Vasant Panchami.
He said that the gathering today is part of the effort to transform the State of Uttar Pradesh.
Her fortitude in the face of adversity and steadfast opposition to colonialism will never be forgotten.
The people of India also join the friendly people of Thailand in praying for the long, prosperous and peaceful reign of the new king, His Majesty King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun.
The Prime Minister said that Vadodara Airport had now become the second eco-friendly airport in the country, after Kochi.
The MoC seeks to improve postal services and cooperation in the postal field between the two countries.
What should be its expanse?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited the Ananda Temple, at Bagan in Myanmar.
And it’s not difficult given the reputation and professionalism of our firms.
Contrary to the perception of some people, Yoga is not limited to exercises and postures .
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released the coffee table book “Timeless Laxman”, based on the famous cartoonist RK Laxman.
He said that privately installed CCTVs are also extremely useful in this regard.
The Central University would be mentored by an existing Central University till its governing structure is in place.
After operationalisation of Metro Car Shed, there will be generation/ creation of direct/indirect employment.
Politics should be separated from this.
With resolve and patience, courage and belief, we have together overcome distance and hurdles, threats and violence.Today, the brave Afghan people are sending a message that the forces of destruction and death, denial and domination, shall not prevail.
For those of you wanting to share such information, you can send it on an e-mail address set up by the government for this purpose.
For decades, our brave soldiers wearing blue helmets have played a stellar role in ensuring maintenance of World Peace.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has approved an Agreement on Trade, Commerce and Transit between India and Bhutan.
Politics or Political Power are not intrinsic to the Indian ethos; on the contrary social values and society are.
• Identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
It enriched our mutual understanding and perspectives.
Tamil Nadu is one of the top states under this scheme.
The Prime Minister was briefed on the Kedarpuri Reconstruction Project.
Some might remark that since the Prime Minister has said so, just keep sleeping, there is no need to wake up and study.
It can show the way in defeating tensions and mindless anxiety.
And what is your view on it?
He laid the Foundation Stone for four 500-bedded hospitals at Hazaribagh, Dumka, Palamu and Jamshedpur.
A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) has already been signed signed between Department of Posts and Canada Post for this joint issue.
He said that the initiatives taken by the Government has ensured improved Ease of Business rankings.
He lauded Guru Gobind Singh ji for his heroism, sacrifice and devotion.
They stressed upon the urgent need to pursue UN reforms, including of the Security Council through an expansion in both categories of its membership, to make it more representative, credible and effective.
This is the ‘tax return’.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
In this context, he also spoke of the Government e-Marketplace (GeM), growth of digital transactions, BHIM App, and RuPay cards.
• Bilaspur (Himachal Pradesh) in January 2018
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his grief on loss of lives in road accident in Bihar.
It was the felicitation event for the Ambassador of India where he was delivering a lecture.
We have a strong determination, we are committed for a brighter India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia on his birth anniversary.
The MoUs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
· Better job opportunities;
• Divya Nayan – a machine for visually impaired;
Cleanliness is also one such drive.
He was briefed by senior officials about the progress of the works.
Among measures to enhance customer experience, Wi-Fi access was enabled in 115 railway stations, and 34,000 bio-toilets added.
He interacted with 35 beneficiaries of PMAY (U) – one from each State/UT.
More than 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts on cooking gas alone.
The Prime Minister said that the Swachh Seva Samman Kosh, announced today would help the sanitation workers and their families, in times of need.
I have a vision for India where achievements of our economic development are respectful to mother earth.
The extension of tenure will enable the Commission to submit a comprehensive report on the issue of sub-categorization of OBCs, after consultation with various stakeholders.
This is an extremely positive sign and it augurs well for Indian sports.
This is great help for the common man, especially for senior citizens who require medicines on a daily basis and results in a lot of savings.
In a way, Sonal’s marriage in an everlasting story of love for nature, I congratulate Sonal and Shriman Mhatre Ji for this innovative effort.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated India’s contingent at the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu
That vision had led me to invite leaders of all SAARC nations, including Pakistan, for my swearing in.
· Can you take the responsibility of making the country a high tax compliant society by 2022?
We take even the harshest criticism in our stride.
The Indian delegation, which was led by the Minister for Commerce & Industry, and Civil Aviation Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok in September 2018.
Inspite of these, level of malnutrition and related problems in the country is high.
He said that all those who studied at this University have not just received a degree, but have also become inheritors of a great legacy.
i. Enable cross-border authentication and Electronic Know-Your-Customer (e-KYC) of residents using digital identities;
“Shri Priya Ranjan Dasmunsi was a popular leader with rich political and administrative experience.
Marine aids to navigation such as lighthouses, beacons, DGPS, navigational and mooring buoys are operated to enhance the safe and efficient navigation of vessels and/or vessel traffic.
We keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people.
The Prime Minister said he is happy to receive the delegation, and also happy to note that they come with a message of peace.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
Government of India will provide one-time support of Rs.200 crore for settling term loans availed from commercial banks.
We cannot miss similar opportunities today.
f) to encourage visits of Tour Operators/Media/ Opinion Makers and tourists from both countries for promotion of two way tourism;
And whenever the history of human civilization has entered the era of knowledge, India has shown the way.
16. The two sides also reviewed projects in the field of health and noted with satisfaction that work on the upgradation of Yangon Childrens’ Hospital and Sittwe General Hospital and on construction of Monywa General Hospital had been completed.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose on his birth anniversary.
On seeing his rather jubilant exuberance, I asked him, “But what exactly happened?”
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with farmers across the country, through video bridge.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Faculty Exchange Agreement signed between the National Defence College, New Delhi and National Defence College, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
It is my belief that the budget will carry forward the development agenda of the Government, generate a new climate of confidence and help the nation to scale new heights.
If they want to follow rules, we should encourage them, and lovingly help them cross over.
From the Government side, we will strive our level best to accomplish the transaction of business carrying all the political parties together.
And the biggest dimension is that of people’s participation, their attitude, their thinking.
India is making a mark in the start-up eco-system The Mudra Yojana is fulfilling the dreams of so many youngsters.
Both leaders welcomed intensification in the interaction involving India and Afghanistan with regional and other countries and international organisations to foster peace, stability and development in Afghanistan.
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers who look after economic subjects.
There is reportedly no such community.
I wish to thank you for the most valuable outcomes of this Summit, and for your generous welcome and hospitality.
On one hand, to meet the increaasing demand, we need affordable, and reliable, sources of energy.
Friends, in today’s modern era our traditional relationship has attained a new dimension.
But because of that a trust was created in the system that it was something doable.
A decision to host the Eighth Edition of the GES in 2017 in India was taken at the meeting between the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and the then US President Barack Obama on 7th June, 2016 under the Joint Declaration.
The Governing Council of the Mission is headed by the Hon’ble Prime Minister of India, and is guided by his vision of a ‘Skilled India’.
Our response to terrorism must, therefore, be nothing less than comprehensive.
In about 70 years of independence, the scope of hygiene was nearly 40%.
The call of the people and the longing for service took me to Kashi, the land of Vishwanath.
We will work towards a qualitatively higher level of military-to-military cooperation.
We are promoting investments in warehouses and cold chains, food processing, crop insurance and allied activities.
He said women have now become fighter pilots in the Indian Air Force for the first time.
During various interactions with developers, investors and other stakeholders, various issues including multiple sub leasing, simplified bid procedures etc. were repeatedly raised.
Similarly, the vision for providing electricity to all unconnected villages, which the Union Government has promised by 2018, is also a step towards fulfilling Dr. Ambedkar’s vision, the Prime Minister said.
TheElection Commission is a constitutional body which conducts the largest electoral exercise in the world.
16. Acknowledging the on-going positive transformation of the economies of India and Saudi Arabia, the two leaders emphasized the importance of expanding trade and investment ties to drive the strategic engagement forward.
He noted that these projects are not restricted to certain parts of the State, but will enable balanced development.
It is expected to become one of the most powerful skill-delivery vehicle in the country.
A promise to extend the advanced space technology for the cause of growth and prosperity of our brothers and sisters in South Asia.
They have always displayed a unique spirit in times of natural calamities like storms, cyclones, floods and forest fires to extend full assistance to our countrymen.
He said that we must be connected with the spirit of the Constitution, and look for a balance between rights and duties.
You should certainly send the pictures of three generations doing yoga together to me on Narendra ModiApp or on Mygov.
Now, modern science has stepped in to generate supporting evidence for this.
PM said, today world takes us seriously because it recognizes full Majority Government.
• The Leaders also stressed that bilateral cooperation on standards is important to facilitate trade between the two countries.
We are experiencing a feeling of spiritual pleasure by disseminating the words of Yogiji after receiving the same as Prasad .
• The Bill contains a substantive banning clause which bans Deposit Takers from promoting, operating, issuing advertisements or accepting deposits in any Unregulated Deposit Scheme.
And for this momentum and for giving personal priority to the relations with India, I congratulate my friend Mark from the bottom of my heart.
Women sarpanches conferred with Swachh Shakti-2019 awards by PM in Kurukshetra
Instead of increasing suffering, Yoga heals.
In keeping with his vision of Swachh Bharat, the Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation Underground Sewerage System, and three Sewage Treatment Plants in Solapur.
He emphasized the need for all wings of Government to work in harmony, and synchronisation, to achieve the best possible results.
Subsequently, during Indo-Pak Wars of 1965 and 1971, a large number of families were displaced from Chhamb Niabat area of Jammu & Kashmir.
74 percent of these loans have gone to women.
The Commission also aims at making the pay scales and conditions of service of Judicial Officers uniform throughout the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will lay the foundation stone for India International Convention and Expo Centre (IICC) at Dwarka, New Delhi, on September 20, 2018.
e. Promoting voluntary tax compliance.
We recognize the enormous potential that the development of the blue economy holds for our region, and agree to explore ways to deepen our cooperation in areas such as aquaculture (both inland and coastal), hydrography, seabed mineral exploration, coastal shipping, eco-tourism and renewable ocean energy with the objective of promoting holistic and sustainable development of our region.
Prize winning Physics can both save electricity bills and the planet.
India will fight against terrorism with full might and resolve.
Do you know that he had no formal education in Mathematics?
Trade between India and South Africa is on the up-swing, and has crossed the 10 billion dollar mark in 2017-18.
Friends, In our conversation today, Prime Minister Abe and I took stock of the progress in our ties since the last Summit.
This spirit, this dedication is a mission mode activity.
Let me make one thing very clear: This Government will continue to follow sound and prudent economic policies, to ensure that India has a bright future in the long run.
In addition, a few more posts will be created for its smooth functioning.
HMT Tractor Division was established in Pinjore, Haryana in 1971 to manufacture HMT Tractors.
There is no wonder that our foremost freedom fighters were the brave people from our tribal communities.
vi.To avoid conflict of pay scales of executives/non-unionised supervisors with that of their workmen, CPSEs may consider adoption of graded DA neutralization and/or graded fitment during the wage negotiations.
The objective of the MoU is to facilitate and support joint scientific and research activities between scientific organizations, subordinated to the Agency and scientific organizations and scientists of the Republic of Russian Federation, with India through DST.
His work towards empowering the poor will always be remembered.
As a member of ICDP, scientists/engineers from India would have right to submit proposals, to participate in all ICDP co-funded workshops and drilling projects and have access to all data results from ICDP projects.
Similarly, he said that on occasions such as festivals, Khadi could be promoted through gifting etc – and this would greatly help the poor.
Lauding the role of generation next in charting the progress of India, he said “Those born in the 21st century are now going to be voters and thus, they will play a role in shaping India’s progress.”
Our cultural engagement is expanding.
“Namaskar, Pradhan Mantriji, I cannot divulge my name because of something that I did in my childhood.
There used to be ambiguity regarding the area of the flat.
The increase in the salary and allowances etc. will benefit 31 Judges of Supreme Court of India (including the CJI) and 1079 Judges(including the Chief Justices) of High Courts.
I am thankful to Bhai Prakash ji for beginning his long letter with the sad departure of Kalpana Chawla.
The Prime Minister spoke of his recent discussions with startups and entrepreneurs.
The Prime Minister spoke about terrorism, and said the world has now understood the threat it poses.
The nature of threats that we face continues to change – so we must be innovative and agile in our response.
Brothers and sisters, More capital investment is required for this kind of developmental work that is taking place across the country.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering.
Even in our ancient scriptures, this importance of personal hygiene is captured.
Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) / Voluntary Separation Scheme (VSS) will also be implemented in these Public Sector Undertakings.
And, not just a negative notion of peace defined by the absence of conflict.
You must have noticed this too.
We may have no political mileage for now, but after 25 or 30 years how our city will be visible and what will be the expected water requirement, required schools and hospitals, estimated traffic flow and its management will have to be a part of our vision.
Four days later, you gave a historic speech in the Central Hall of Parliament and you were speaking to the members of Parliament.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi in his message on World Environment Day has said that this day is the right time to reaffirm our commitment to protecting our environment and nurturing a better planet.
I wish those injured a speedy recovery.
· 3rd BRICS Film Festival 2018 – 22 to 28 July (Durban)
Security forces are keeping a tight vigil on our borders.
Your apprehension is not misplaced.
He recalled that despite projecting a requirement for bullet-proof jackets in 2009, no such jackets were procured till 2014.
He was a leader who gave up his position as Prime Minister fourteen years ago.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people on Ambedkar Jayanti.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Cadre Review of the Indian Defence Accounts Service (IDAS) under the Ministry of Defence.
It would be impossible to express in words the story of the supreme sacrifice of Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru.
India is Kenya’s sixth largest trading partner and the largest exporter to Kenya.
Seeding the power of ideas and innovation in schoolchildren will broaden the base of our innovation pyramid and secure the future of our nation.
He presented figures to show the quantum jump in investment.
The faculty of the NIRD&PR and the Ministry officials would benefit from exchange visits to the best practices in the CMCs.
I have been given to understand that over the next two days this Forum will discuss12 success stories from all over the world.
You should build new ranges from which the peaks will arise.
The Prime Minister recalled the great women and men who worked hard for India’s freedom.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi thanked President Mr. Yoweri Museveni for the warm hospitality extended to him and his delegation during their stay in Uganda and extended an invitation to visit India.
People, who cannot endorse corruption and black money openly, resort to searching for faults of the government relentlessly.
Our direction, desire and dreams create tremendous business opportunity.
The Agreement would give a boost to the economy of the North East and allow us to leverage our geographical connections with Myanmar to boost trade and people to people ties.
The Prime Minister said that the healthcare sector in the State will be transformed with the establishment of AIIMS in Jharkhand.
He will lay the foundation stone for the four laning of various National Highway projects and inaugurate six passport sevakendras.
Skilled and well-paying jobs in the service sector will have to be part of this job revolution.
MeitY has entered into MoUs/Agreements with counterpart organizations/agencies of various countries to promote close cooperation and exchange of information in the area of ICT.
In my opinion this is his biggest contribution.
Several State agencies are implementing major infrastructure projects of national importance.
He encouraged US companies to fully avail of the business opportunities in new areas as well, such as start-ups, energy, health care and digital technology.
But even today there are some people who do not want to pass the Bill.
The Prime Minister said that medical colleges and hospitals are coming up across Gujarat.
Brothers and Sisters, scientists of our nation have also left no stone unturned in bringing immense glory to our country.
I understand that an encouraging response has been received to the bidding process with several global companies participating.
The Prime Minister will deliver the Convocation Address of the Gujarat Forensic Sciences University, at Gandhinagar.
He dedicated to the nation, the Joint Venture of Indo-Russian Rifles Pvt Ltd, for Kalashnikov Assault Rifle Production.
The downstream sector is now more open, creating a level playing field for all market players.
On some issues they differ with us and there are issues on which we differ with them.
The Joint Declaration will lead to promotion of safe, effective and efficient development of air transport between India and Germany.
It inspires us to be courageous and fight for good.
It was said that it is impossible to remove corruption from the process of giving people their due, but people of India are making it possible.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the Bogibeel bridge in Assam, to the nation.
a) Transfer of 13,290.30 square meters of land belonging to IISWC Research Centre to HUDA at the collector rate applicable as on date.
The entire nation comes together in wishing the all-women team of Navika Sagar Parikrama the very best in their remarkable endeavour.
Our engagement is supporting projects in connectivity, infrastructure, capacity building education, healthcare and many other sectors.
The MOU was signed on 11th January 2017 in New Delhi.
He also encouraged the teachers to digitally transform their schools and its neighbourhood.
We get to see new facets of science all the time.
And the positive results are now being seen.
Now, the next decade is crucial.
Government had announced setting up of two additional SPRs during the budget announcement for 2017-18.
If this works, Pradhan Mantri Fasal Beema Yojana has direct involvement of the central government, it will have great benefits.
It will also be a befitting tribute to the contribution of the revered personality associated with the State.
Over 100 beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana, today interacted with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, at his residence.
In a federal democracy like India, it is often not easy to take on board every stakeholder while undertaking reforms.
In turn, a connected Northeast will be a bridge to ASEAN-India ties of our dreams.
The MoU envisages cooperation between Bangladesh and India:
It has begun adopting digital currency.
The existing Air Services Agreement between India and Morocco was signed in year 2004 and does not have the updated clauses on Safety, Security, Designation of Airlines, Commercial Activities, Tariffs etc.
Unless and until we make the commodity markets directly useful to farmers, they are just a costly ornament in our economy, not a useful tool.
May you enjoy your stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh, and the divine surroundings of Parmarth Niketan.
He said the Saubhagya Yojana would provide an electricity connection to each home.
In this context, he mentioned the Union Government’s initiatives to promote autonomy in IIMs, and among top 10 public and top 10 private Universities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness over loss of lives in a coal mine accident in Jharkhand.
In Price Support Scheme (PSS), physical procurement of pulses, oilseeds and Copra will be done by Central Nodal Agencies with proactive role of State governments.
Mahindra and Sanghamitra, the worthy children of King Ashokamade their journey from India to Sri Lankaas धम्मा दूत to spread the biggest gift of धम्मा.
Will India move its embassy?
He said the ocean’s innate potential adds economic muscle to our national development.
The Defense Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short span of time.
· 8th Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Health – 20 July (Durban)
It was not only the freedom of India; after 1942 the way this flame erupted against the colonial rule across the world, India’s freedom became a source of inspiration for colonies in Africa and Asia.
Financial implication is towards payment of Interest Equalization Support (IES) to the lending Bank for which budgetary provision will be made by the Department of Economic Affairs every year, as follows:-
I feel confident that through your tireless efforts, the Nation will have an ever better and brighter future.
Your family is more than 8 lakhs in this field, I mean, in your profession.
DMICDC will function as a knowledge partner to NICDIT in respect of all the Industrial Corridors in addition to its present DMIC work, till Knowledge Partner(s) for other Industrial Corridors are in place.
In order to substantially increase bilateral trade, they pledged to explore new opportunities to break down barriers to the movement of goods and services, and support deeper integration into global supply chains, thereby creating jobs and generating prosperity in both economies.
Children shall again believe in the possibility of a future of education and opportunity.
He said we have to strive hard to ensure that these citizens of our country lead a life with dignity that Mahatma Gandhi dreamt of.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that in the last 150 to 200 years, mankind has depended on fossil fuels for energy needs.
You spent some time with the Chinese President Xi Jinping.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratifying an Agreement between India and Armenia on cooperation and mutual assistance in customs matters.
Weightlifter Khumukcham Sanjita Chanu delivered India its second gold medal of the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold CoastCity, Australia today.
Centre assures total support in the rescue and relief operations.
He said that his government will also support the efforts of Arunachal Pradesh Government in promoting Organic agriculture in every possible way.
Presently, a total of 1346 children are studying in Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 4, Jalandhar Cantt.
So all the misconceptions have been dispelled.
Friends, the developments, decisions, and policies that were put in place after Diwali, will of course be evaluated by economists.
Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme was also unveiled by PM.
Smriti is a class of texts that are based on memory and interpretation.
In our success, I see hope for the world that problems of energy availability can be suitably addressed.
I again thank you for your warm welcome and hospitality.
We know that whenever an Indian achieves something notable, the whole country feels a new energy and the self-confidence gets a boost.
And our society is also increasingly turning out to be technology driven.
The Prime Minister also called for immediate restoration of water supply, electricity and communication links.
These mountains of Uttarakhand spontaneously inspire us for Yoga and Ayurveda.
And, whatever happens, in a bright or a dark moment, we will always experience, as Herat’s great Sufi Poet, Hakim Jami, would say, the freshness and happiness of the gentle breeze of friendship.
Special allocation has been made for the sectors like Electronic manufacturing, Textiles which create new job opportunities.
It is directed towards making India a global hub for manufacturing, design and innovation.
Both leaders agreed to promote closer economic cooperation in sectors such as fisheries development, tourism, transportation, connectivity, health, education, information technology, new and renewable energy and communications.
· 9th Technical National Statistics Offices of the BRICS Offices – 13 to 15 March (Pretoria)
I believe that solution to all problems is in development.
I am also aware of Amma’s helping hands to mitigate the sufferings in the aftermath of natural disasters.
Talking about the projects in Kerala, the PM said under Bharatmala, a detailed project report for the Mumbai-Kanyakumari corridor is under preparation. .
Exchange of experts for interacting with the human resources engaged in specialized IP fields;
According to Vedas, the purity within us is because of the Earth.
Institutions and architectures built for a different world, by a different world, are outdated.
To mark the Golden Jubilee Year of Bangladesh’s independence in 2021, we have agreed to jointly produce a documentary film on the Liberation War of Bangladesh.
Ministry of Railways have signed MoUs for technical cooperation in the Rail sector with various foreign Governments and National Railways.
This is a capability that only four other nations currently possess.
It is said that India has stopped becoming the price setter for even some Indian financial instruments.
The interaction will provide an opportunity to hear directly from the farmers.
In the services sector, the Prime Minister said the tourism and hospitality sector will receive high priority.
a) the Intervention Convention 1969,
The Prime Minister spent time with young children who are being aided by the non-profit organisation “Room to Read.”
Yogiji was an ardent exponent of the positive aspects of Hatha Yoga despite the fact that people sticking to a point are more often taken otherwise.
(III) MoU on cooperation in the field of Housing.
We started with the dream to finish it within 1,000 days.
The launch of the 100th satellite by ISRO signifies both its glorious achievements, and also the bright future of India’s space programme.
Despite the surge in technological, biomedical, clinical, and pharmaceutical innovations aimed at improving cancer outcomes, the overburdened healthcare systems across the globe remain ill equipped to meet the massive burden of escalating cancer care costs.
The Prime Minister said 70 years of diplomatic relations between the two countries have been marked by a high degree of convergence on various bilateral and global matters.
In the beginning, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of consumer grievances.
Among the areas of cooperation, following areas have been identified:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Raigad district of Maharashtra.
The Prime Minister also handed over certificates etc to select beneficiaries of various welfare schemes of the Union and State Governments.
We seek constantly to engage and collaborate for a better future for our people, and also the world.
He not only had the magnificent landscape of his ancestral land in mind, he could also be describing the Afghan people.So, when I came to Kabul in December, in the warmth of your welcome, I saw the kindness of your heart.
This facility is now available to nationals of 166 countries worldwide.
Both sides reviewed on-going cooperation projects being executed with technical and financial assistance from the Government of India, noting that these were directly associated with the benefit of the Myanmar people, and agreed that these should be expedited.
These projects are spread over several states including Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Gujarat, Delhi, Haryana, Tamil Nadu, Odisha, Karnataka, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand.
Terrorism is a frightening threat.
• Petrol, diesel and CNG gas stations authorised by public sector oil companies
However, those who declare their benami properties under income declaration scheme will get immunity under the Benami Act.
He said Manipur has an important role to play in New India’s growth story.
Let me state categorically that it should stop day dreaming to destabilize India.
“Tributes to Swami Dayananda Saraswati on his Jayanti.
During the Plenary Session, we focused on ideas and possibilities for BRICS future expansion in years ahead.
Minister for Culture, Mr. Do Jong-hwan
He was an inspiration to Karyakartas like me.
Developing innovative applications and solutions based on space technologies and use of artificial intelligence
India’s experiences in this field can help build systems, institutions and capacities in Kenya.
This would ultimately result in improvement in overall quality of teachers, teaching processes and consequently learning outcomes of children.
I am confident that World Food India will help us take some concrete steps in this direction.
Only through conversations, counselling and continued love and support, we can bring those under addiction to the path of rehabilitation, PM added.
It will provide Agra with better and more assured water supply.
Rooma Devnath writes, “I truly feel happy & healthy through my Morning Walks.
After that during the farewell function of the Rajya Sabha MPs, people from different parties were talking with each other.
8. The Sides noted that the successful conclusion of the 70th anniversary celebrations of the establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Russia witnessed enthusiastic response among people of both countries and further consolidated people-to-people ties.
• An Ayush Department with 30 beds for providing treatment facilities in the traditional system of medicine.
The Bill makes provision for appointment of an ombudsman by State Governments to inquire into complaints related to the violation of the Act and penal actions in case of non-compliance.
Bilateral trade between India and Indonesia increased 2.5 times in the last ten years.
We are yet to do that in jewellery.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Madurai, Tamilnadu on January 27, 2019.
These brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred & twenty five crore Indians.
Our capacities could also combine to respond to both, the opportunities and challenges that we jointly face in present times.
Both sides also welcomed the establishment of a Joint Working Group on Consular issues under the umbrella of the India-Saudi Arabia Joint Commission to discuss consular issues on a regular basis.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
Terming, drugs as a great menace to society, Prime Minister said that as per WHO estimates, over three crore people around the world are suffering from drug addiction.
He observed that all Governors can become catalytic agents for change in society, while upholding the sanctity of the Constitution.
• Spreading terror in the name of religion are anti-religious: PM Modi
d) Approvals will normally be accorded to eligible applications within 120 days of submission of the complete application.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Rudrapur, Uttarakhand on 14 February 2019.
Punjab Government shall provide adequate annual budget provision to close CCL gaps on a regular basis to avoid future accumulation of CCL gaps over the years.
In his address the Prime Minister shared the insight into how the magnitude of cash in circulation is linked to inflation and how the inflation situation is worsened due to the cash deployed through corrupt means.
These shortcut ways become the reason for using unfair means.
NBCC will infuse funds of Rs. 35.7 crore as equity into HSCL.
PM to unveil various development projects
Recognized Trade Unions may be assigned specific roles at Central or State level.
In fact, from the time of Ashoka and even earlier, India has believed in using strength to protect the highest ideals of humanity.
Prime Minister said that the culture of taking everyone along makes India different from all other countries.
The total estimated cost of the project is Rs.32,835 crores including maintenance and operation costs for 30 years.
In addition, 19 incubation centers have been created in various universities and research institutions.
Peoples’ power is, in a way, considered to be a divine incarnation.
In all spheres, investment, steel sector, start ups, milk and agriculture, aviation, India’s progress is outstanding.
He added that sports persons should continue their self-improvement by using technology aided critical analysisof their performance as well as those of top players in the world.
Government’s focus on easing the business environment further.
23. We acknowledge the importance of energy efficiency and the popularisation of an energy efficient life style in virtue of its potential contributions to energy security, industrial competitiveness, emissions reduction, economic growth, job creation and other areas when introduced.
-By the end of March 2014, there were 3.26 crore employees who have been actively contributing the provident fund money into the Employees Provident Fund Organization every month.
In keeping with our emphasis on minimum government and maximum governance, 1200 out-dated laws have been repealed in three years.
The credit goes to taxpayer and not to the Government.
Over some time lately, many have written on this subject; many of them have been telling me about it.
The two sides also reaffirmed their commitment to work together particularly in the international arena to strengthen the means of implementation as enshrined in the SDGs 2030.
The Indian Side conveyed its intention to increase import of fertilizers from Russia.
India’s energy deficit, which stood at over 4 per cent in 2014, has shrunk to less than 1 per cent in 2018.
Cleanest cities, and best performing States will receive awards from the Prime Minister.
Those who are tense and worry about what kind of questions will be asked, end up having a negative impact on their results as well.
At Vastral, Prime Minister will mark the launch of the pension scheme for unorganized sector workers, the Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Maan-dhan, through the online fund transfer to beneficiaries.
When we fulfill the aspirations of our soldiers, then their morale goes high and their resolve to protect the nation grows manifold.
In a series of tweets from his account the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi said:
4th BRICS Seminar on Population matters 107.
Almost immediately after its launch, our satellite has sent back some pictures.
It must be his magical power of putting hands together which saw Lord Ramchandra harnessing the collective strength.
The Prime Minister complimented the coaches of the medal winners for their contribution in raising India’s profile on the global stage.
Name of IIM
PM said,, “We are providing technical and financial support to states.
The Prime Minister thanked Germany for support of Indian membership of export control regimes.
The details are as follows:
We have added more capacity to renewable energy than conventional energy in 2017.
It had a life expectancy of 6 months.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
The delegation, in one voice, supported wholeheartedly the campaign launched by the Prime Minister against corruption and black money.
It is essential that we adopt sports as a part of the lives of the youth in our country.
He praised the “Go to hills, go to villages” programme of the State Government.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, Government plans to build around three crore houses in rural areas and one crore houses in urban areas.
The Prime Minister said that we cannot ignore the global economy when we are looking at the sugar industry.
He said that for years the term “brain drain” has been in vogue.
We have lost a brilliant scientist & academician who made a lasting contribution to Indian education.
The purpose is to create an eco-system in the entire country through the Atal Innovation Mission, to forge a vibrant chain of innovation, experiment and entrepreneurship, which would also enhance the possibilities of new employment generation.
The Bill provides for establishment of National Dam Safety Authority as a regulatory body which shall discharge functions to implement the policy, guidelines and standards for dam safety in the country.
The Finance Minister and his entire team deserve praise for this historic budget.
We have given them nearly 1.25 lakh crore rupees without any guarantee.
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
And the depth of their work is amazing.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has expressed his delight on the successful maiden test firing of Brahmos ALCM (Air Launched Cruise Missile) from Su-30MKI fighter aircraft.
And during these periods of struggle, our saints, social reformers have shown us the right path – the path that brings us back together.
The MoU will apply to members of good standing who have gained membership in the ICAI or one of the Canadian Provincial CPA bodies by meeting the education, examination and practical experience requirements of the ICAI or the Canadian Provincial CPA bodies respectively.
Some serious things have come to light after this process began.
Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Shri Devendra Fadnavis, and Union MoS for Home Affairs, Shri Hansraj Ahir, were present on the occasion.
New India will be a place where peace, unity and amity will be our guiding force.
Dangerous driving penalty
“Saddened by the loss of lives at a mine in Jharkhand.
The 15 km Balangir-Bichupali New Railway Line would connect coastal Odisha with western Odisha synchronising development across the State.
This will open a new chapter in bilateral relations as both sides will now leverage complementary strengths spurred by a significant convergence of mutual interests in Science, Technology and Innovation.
IITs are institutions of national importance and have a brand name across the world, the products of IITs have been highly rated and have already brought reputation to the nation.
When black money increased in our economy, houses became out of reach of even the middle class.
The Prime Minister strongly criticized what he described as a “narrative” that certain things are just impossible in India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for setting up of Indian Institute of Petroleum and Energy (IIPE) at Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh as “an Institute of National Importance” through an Act of Parliament.
It empowers the Government to confiscate benami property by following due procedure.
They started people’s movement against evil traditions of the society.
And every technology, every new form of Science gives birth to a new era.
The Prime Minister said India is proud of its diversity, and occasions such as “Run For Unity” offer us an opportunity to reinforce that sense of pride and oneness.
The MoU was signed on October 5, 2018.
The Prime Minister also quoted a shloka from the Rig Veda to describe the spirit of common goal, common determination, leading to mutual and shared benefit for the society.
The signing of Memorandum of Understanding with the Kyrgyz Republic will be instrumental in increasing arrival from this important source market.
I would like to thank you as well as the Government and the people of Mozambique for their warm welcome and generous hospitality.
In November 2014, Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya were put up on the rail map.
Explaining the significance of holding this event in Bijapur today, the Prime Minister said that Bijapur is one of the over 100 aspirational districts in the country, which have got left behind in the development journey.
Today, he has become a source of inspiration not only in Jammu & Kashmir but for the youth of the whole country.
I take this opportunity, to appreciate the media’s response to the Swachh Bharat Mission.
He said sub centres and primary health centres at 1.5 lakh places in the country would now be developed as Health and Wellness Centres.
Enhancing the domestic steel demand.
The memorial also has 24-narrative murals depicting various events and stories from the historic 1930 Salt March.
He said the human face of Indian diplomacy and Indian security establishment is our speciality.
He urged people to resolve to make a positive contribution to the nation by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
Through the Bankruptcy Code, GST, Real Estate Act to name a few, a solid foundation for decades of higher growth has been laid, the Prime Minister said.
PM then decided to undertake an aerial survey of flood affected areas of North Gujarat this afternoon, after the swearing-in ceremony for the new President.
It will enable optimal utilization of capacities in major ports and increase revenue to the Major Port Authority.
Apart from this through routing flexibility any intermediate and beyond point can also be served by the designated carriers of both sides.
The government has set a target of providing gas connections to 5 crore poor women by 2019.
It will examine the work methods and work environment as also the variety of allowance and benefits in kind that are available to Judicial Officers in addition to pay and to suggest rationalization and simplification thereof.
It has been proved successfully with the implementation of GST.
The revised guidelines would reduce delays in implementation of closure plans of sick/loss making CPSEs.
There are some amongst you who would like to contribute in business and investments.
The Prime Minister called upon Chartered Accountants to introspect and weed out corrupt practices and persons from their fraternity.
The resulting competition will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
India’s first inland waterway was launched in Varanasi.
3. The innovative skill of uncovered areas will increase through broadband and internet access.
Let us all, once again remembering revered Bapu and taking a resolve to build a Clean India, put in our best endeavours.
With this commitment, my government gave the final sanction to this project in January 2015.
The Water Supply Scheme will provide safe drinking water to address the water woes of water deprived Dhule region..
This GST Council has developed such systems wherein the underprivileged gets all the promised facilities.
viii) Any other area of mutual interest.
MoU on Cooperation between Foreign Service Institute, Ministry of External Affairs, India and Oman Diplomatic Institute.
PM announces package of relief measures for cyclone affected States
And States that are not so strong, need to be given needful assistance.
The Tarakote Marg will facilitate pilgrims visiting the shrine.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted everyone, on the auspicious occasion of Gurupurab.
The amendments in the MCA envisage constitution of the Society for Affordable Redressal of Disputes – Ports (SAROD-PORTS) as dispute resolution mechanism similar to provision available in Highway Sector.
Similarly, India’s rank in Global Innovation Index has gone up from seventy six in 2014 to fifty seven in 2018.
Similarly, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is dependent upon a responsive administration, and awareness among people.
Congrats to ISRO for the successful launch of GSAT-11, which is the heaviest, largest and most-advanced high throughput communication satellite of India.
In Delhi this morning, the Government of India had organised a very good event, ‘Run for RIO’, ‘Play and Live’, ‘Play and Blossom’.
• The leaders also noted the outcome of the third meeting of the Joint Working Group on Coal held in November 2015.
While there were previous attempts to consolidate this ecosystem through centralised organisations such as the National Skill Development Coordination Board or the Prime Minister’s National Council of Skill Development, 2008 – the fact that multiple bodies existed under different organisations and the lack of focus on execution, made these institutions ineffective.
She always tries to help others, but one habit of hers amazes me.
The Prime Minister said that India has made some proposals before the international community to ensure that economic offenders do not find sanctuary anywhere.
Ahtosh Kumar, who were martyred in an encounter with terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir recently.
He said several Model Acts related to farmers’ welfare have been prepared, and States have been urged to implement them.
It will provide critical communication links in times of disasters such as earthquakes, cyclones, floods, and tsunamis.
He also launchedother development projects at Jamnagar including the 51 km pipeline from Aaji-3 to Khijadia.
You have probably known Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore till date as a writer and a musician.
Shri Narendra Modi, laid wreath and paid homage to the martyrs at the National Police Memorial.
The MoU was signed on 30.10.2017 in New Delhi.
Under the able leadership of President Moon, South Korea has also unveiled a program to spend 9.4 billion Dollars by 2020 in a bid to increase capital supply for startups and venture-friendly environment.
Similarly, our cooperation in urban development is also very dynamic.
Expressing happiness in handing over new houses to over 2 lakh beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana- Grameen (PMAY-G) on occasion of Dussehra, Prime Minister said that it is a big step towards the fight against poverty.
I was told that in Devas district of Madhya Pradesh, the Gorva Gram Panchayat took up the drive to create farm ponds.
He said dynamic change is needed to transform the system.
The MoU is expected to provide impetus to India – Israel ties in the energy sector.
Implementing arrangement for deeper cooperation between Japan Maritime Self-Defence Force and Indian Navy
We should also contribute towards their welfare.
The Prime Ministers acknowledged that innovation and digital transformation drive growth in an interconnected world, and underpin a growing engagement between the Nordic countries and India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for entering into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) in relation to Mutual Co-operation.
They shared the view that peaceful, stable and balanced relations between India and China will be a positive factor for stability amidst current global uncertainties.
Signing of the MoU with Korea will be instrumental in increasing arrival from this source market.
He said the hopes and aspirations of people are to rid the country from internal problems like corruption, and black money.
To those joining us from abroad: Welcome to India.
India will engage constructively on all the issues before us and work towards finding solutions and taking forward the agenda for a robust, inclusive and sustainable international economic order that uplifts the socio-economic conditions of people across the world, especially those who need it most in developing countries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Morocco for setting up of a Joint Working Group (JWG) on Counter-Terrorism.
The break up is as follows:-
This time too, I invite you to share your thoughts either on MyGov or on NarendraModiApp.
An innovative Start-up India programme has also been launched to incubate ideas and develop them into enterprises.
” I bow to Sri Ramakrishna Paramhansa on his Jayanti.
Have spoken to Home Minister and Raksha Mantri on the situation.
Lays Foundation Stone of Defence Corridor in Uttar Pradesh
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has has approved the signing and ratification of Agreement between India and Brunei Darussalam for the Exchange of Information and Assistance in Collection with respect to Taxes.
the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Scheme for gas connections in the homes of the poor,
Earlier CERT-In signed MoUs with counterpart/similar organizations in about seven countries – Korea, Canada, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore, Japan and Uzbekistan.
i. Ex-post facto approval for formation of an Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER), Berhampur Society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860;
Ericsson, M/s Mastec, M/s AT&T, M/s Zoya etc. who in turn have further sub­contracted the works to various companies for different activities.
The EU closely follows Prime Minister Modi’s economic reforms, including the historic introduction of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), which can facilitate ease of doing business and promotes market integration in India by realising a simple, efficient and nation-wide indirect tax system.
He will address a public meeting.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive biddings as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides to execute the railway speed raising projects.
Setting up new AIIMS in the states will lead to employment generation for nearly 3000 people in various faculty & non faculty posts in each of the AIIMS.
Third, our bilateral and regional commitments of material assistance for Afghanistan’s development and humanitarian needs must continue and increase.
Prime Minister’s official engagement in Rwanda and Uganda include bilateral meetings with the Presidents, delegation level talks and meetings with the business and the Indian communities.
26 Gold, 20 Silver, 20 Bronze, India bagged a tally of around 66 medals.
We take pride in this contribution of the Indian-origin community to the national life of Mauritius.
We will adopt all measures necessary to unlock the innovation and entrepreneurial potential of our youth.
Empowers the Board to make its own Master Plan in respect of the area within the port limits and to construct within port limits Pipelines, Telephones, Communication towers, electricity supply or transmission equipment.
Shri Ramesh Chandappa Jigajinagi
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the beginning of Navratri festival.
I wish all these daughters, brimming with hope and trust, a very bright future.
Through this Bill the Government has evolved a mechanism for their social, economic and educational empowerment.
He said the current Government wishes to be the Government that removes obsolete laws.
It will lead to all-round economic and socio-cultural integration of these regions.
Even children with a seemingly serious countenance start expressing themselves; while playing, the innate child within them comes to the fore.
The fortnight long process of auctioning of mementoes received by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his term so far in office, came to a close on Saturday evening.
During this Session, the nation gets an opportunity to elect the new President and the Vice President.
In addition, the two countries resolved to work to adopt an HFC amendment in 2016 with increased financial support from donor countries to the Multilateral Fund to help developing countries with implementation, and an ambitious phasedown schedule, under the Montreal Protocol pursuant to the Dubai Pathway.
“I bow to the venerable Swami Sree Narayana Guru on his Jayanti.
Chief Minister and his colleagues closed the doors of the dam.
Translating a thought into reality was his forte’.
That is why, Swami Vivekananda said, “expansion is life, contraction is death.”
ii. The Bill provides for Structure, Constitution, Composition and Functions of the Central Council and State Councils, e.g. Framing policies andstandards, Regulation of professional conduct, Creation and maintenanceof live Registers, provisions for common entry and exit examinations, etc.
But he never got detached even for a fraction of a second from mother India.
As per UNCTAD’s World Investment Report, India continues to be one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today received the first-ever Philip Kotler Presidential award, at 7 Lok Kalyan Marg, in New Delhi.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the progress made by various schemes of the Union Government in the State of Rajasthan, including Swachh Bharat Mission, Jan Dhan Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, and Saubhagya Yojana.
He will be accompanied by UP Governor Shri Ram Naik, Union Minister for Road Transport & Highways, Shipping, Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation Shri Nitin Gadkari and UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath.
Prime Minister, I have a reputation of being impatient in getting results.
The PM said that this visit is aimed at enhancing the bilateral engagement in various areas.
Subsequently, IIITDM Kurnool will be declared as an institute of National Importance with the power to award degrees to students
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the promulgation of the Integrated Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu & Kashmir) Ordinance, 2017 and replacement of the Ordinance by the Integrated Goods and Services Tax (Amendment) Bill, 2017.
i) Insertion of a new definition of “public works” in section 2 of the Act.
The journey will be long.
The project was first declared and cleared by the Union Government of Prime Minister Vajpayee ji, way back in 1998, but got delayed.
This country, our land has an unbreakable bond with oceans.
It is mentioned in Anushasan Parv in Mahabharata that a tree is like an offspring and becomes means of salvation in after life, Sonal has not only taken it upon herself to fulfill her parents’ wishes but society’s expectations also.
Our engagement with ASEAN is not just about a solid base of shared civilizational heritage.
Do something out of the box, my Friends.
People to people connectivity have been the foundation of our close ties for hundreds of years.
And, it is only a start of our collaboration in this field.
Today, while India is buildingIITs & AIIMS at a rapid pace, it has also built toilets in all schools across the country.
In PSUs, all Executive level posts i.e. Board level executives and managerial level posts would be treated as equivalent to group ‘A’ posts in Government and will be considered Creamy Layer.
Efforts at artificially distorting prices are self-defeating,as history has shown us.
Our development partnership stretches across nearly every sector of human activity such as agriculture, education, health, resettlement, transport, power, culture, water, shelter, sports, and human resources.
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Dr. Michelle Bachelet, as the incoming Chair, explained the mandate of the Partnership and sought ideas from the Prime Minister on how to take forward the challenge of women empowerment, children and young people.
At times he had been to several places like Mumbai, Hyderabad and Delhi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Yavatmal in Maharashtra today.
b. Assessment and certification of advanced technology based safety products and systems to Safety Integrity Level 4 (SIL4);
He said that the Cellular Jail, where thousands of freedom fighters suffered, is no less than a place of worship for him.
Sant Ravidas ji tried to explain the importance of labour and the worker throughout his life via his messages.
I am happy to note that the target for Ujjawala has been enhanced from 5 crore families to 6 crore families.
All this helps ensure a good quality of life, at relatively low cost.
It is the same commitment, which has seen over three hundred million LED bulbs being installed across India.
You would have noticed that the frequency of exchanges has gone up over the last three years.
So the lower class, middle class people, poor people used to reply that they don’t need electricity as they can’t afford to pay Rs. 30,000.
20. Further promote stable and sustainable growth for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs), including through technology transfer, diffusion, adoption and adaptation as well as enhancing capacity building, technical assistance, distribution channels, financing facilities, access to innovation, and opportunities to integrate into the global and regional value chains, as well as utilisation of Project Development Fund and Quick Impact Project Fund, where relevant.
Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji believed in the power of equality.
The Prime Minister spoke of his appreciation of the Chief Minister of Bihar, Shri Nitish Kumar, for the effort undertaken by him to save future generations from alcoholism.
He said this had been thought about for nearly two and a half decades, but not implemented.
On the basis of recommendations of the GoM and other pressing requirements, MoRTH introduced the Motor Vehicle (Amendment) Bill 2016 for consideration of the Cabinet.
The leadership of President Macri was important for the successful hosting of the Summit.
You must have viewed an animated video depicting me, that has been widely circulated.
He also exhorted the teachers to work towards bringing out the inherent strength of students, especially those from poor and rural background.
Khadi is now not only a fashion statement but a symbol of women empowerment as well”.
He added that, the government has reduced the prices of stents substantially to help poor and middle class.
He said that steps have been taken in developing coastal infrastructure.
6th Meeting of BRICS Senior Officials on Science, Technology & Innovation (7 October 2016, Jaipur) 47.
Let us come together and take inspiration from these holy festivals and share their joyous treasures, and take the nation forward.
After the Jallianwallah Massacre by the British in 1919, Rabindranath Tagore was one of the legendary figures, who raised their voices in protest.
The MoU is expected to make a positive impact for the Indian Chartered Accountants currently working in Oman and other markets and for those Indian professionals who intend to move to Oman for pursuing their profession there.
They demanded building toilets.
It should not be that you score low marks and when your mother asks you why you have fared so badly, you reply that it’s because Modiji had asked us to sleep, so I dozed off.
I would particularly urge my young friends to join tomorrow’s interaction.
Thereafter, it ends.
The Prime Minister appreciated the resilience and courage of the people of Indonesia in facing the challenges emanating from the wide spread devastation due to this grave natural calamity.
He reasoned with them and secured the release of the person.
Around 700 transit flats are being built to provide Transit accommodation for Kashmiri migrant employees.
100 percent neem coating of Urea has also resulted in lowering expenditure on fertilizer, apart from raising productivity.
The stake-holders will include researchers from scientific organizations, academia, R&D laboratories and companies from India and Denmark.
For nearly five decades, he was in charge of Thuglak.
Their service to the nation will always be remembered.
The initiative is aimed to spearhead R&D of national importance in iron & steel sector utilizing tripartite synergy amongst industry, national R&D laboratories and academic institutes.
This edition of the games was special on one more count- a majority of the medalists was women athletes.
6.Seminar on Opportunities for Industry in Defence & Aerospace to sensitize participants about opportunities in defence and aeronautics in Gujarat, and to deliberate on a way forward for India and Gujarat to emerge as a manufacturing hub for defence and aeronautics.
India fully appreciates the strong role science and technology plays in meeting the societal needs.
The Prime Minister had an interaction with thinktanks which included the Brookings Institution, the Atlantic Council, and the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, among others.
Sahastrakund Eklavya Model Residential School inaugurated by PM
India also confirmed that 2 slots would be made available annually for Myanmar archaeologists for advanced studies at the Indian Institute of Archaeology, New Delhi.
It is an overnight train and will provide direct connectivity between Mumbai and Bhusawal.
He emphasized that New India can only built when North East India can be developed.
The Prime Minister said every athlete of the Indian contingent has worked hard to earn his or her place, and the players will surely give their best for the country at the Rio Olympics.
He said that the metro will provide a convenient and environment friendly mode of transportation for the people in Ahmedabad.
“My thoughts are with the family and supporters of Kalikho Pul on his sad demise.
More than 5 lakh candidates have been certified by NISM till date.
The foundation stone was laid for the PanchkoshiParikrama Marg, and several projects under the Smart City Mission and NamaamiGange.
Two clear and successful examples of this are the tripartite agreement with Iran and Afghanistan on Chabahar; and our commitment to bring on line the International North South Transport Corridor.
We note with concern the impasse in the selection process for new Appellate Body Members that can paralyse the dispute settlement system and undermine the rights and obligations of all Members.
The amendments aim to strengthen the Bill in terms of legal and administrative procedure so as to overcome the practical difficulties which may arise in the implementation of the provisions of the Bill when it becomes an Act.
In that regard, the two Leaders called for enhanced cooperation including through greater exchange of information and intelligence between the two sides.
He is extremely well versed in key policy issues.
The heroes of our freedom struggle with their single-minded devotion did a ‘Tapasya’, endured hardships, made great sacrifices and even laid down their lives; what greater inspiration could there be!
He will also lay foundation stone for permanent building at KendriyaVidhyalaya, Sonepur.
This was necessary.
In a couple of days, we will observe the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
With the rise in terrorism and organized crime across the world, it is imperative for countries to work together to combat all forms of terrorism.
They are playing a vital role in India’s transformation.
The front seats of this hall were ordained by the iconic national heroes like Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel, Baba Saheb Bhimrao Ambedkar, Acharya Kripalani, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, Sarojini Naidu.
Already a good eco-system exists in India for manufacturing.
• Memorandum of Understanding between Indian Space Research Organisation and the South African National Space Agency on Cooperation in the Exploration and uses of Outer Space for Peaceful Purposes.
The amalgamated banks will have access to a wider talent pool, and a large database that may be leveraged through analytics for competitive advantage in a rapidly digitalising banking context.
The Prime Minister said that the project has been completed well within the stipulated time and cost.
There was a time when the world perceived India as a country with ‘policy paralysis’ and ‘delayed reforms’.
The MoU was signed on 30th January, 2018 in New Delhi by Shri R. K. Singh, Minister of State (IC) for Power and New and Renewable Energy (NRE) and H.E. Mr. Carl B. Greenidge, 2ndVice President and the Foreign Minister of the Co-operative, Guyana.
The need of the hour is to ensure that we make maximum use of the time in this session.
Belarus is a long-time partner in this field.
The Prime Minister said that people-to-people ties are the strength of India-Myanmar relations.
Inaction made country a big loser.
He referred to the monthly PRAGATI meetings which he chairs to review progress of projects.
Distinguished Guests and Friends,
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the National Transplant Organization, Ministry of Health, Social Services and Equality, Spain and the Directorate General of Health Services, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, India on cooperation in the field of Organ Transplant Services.
In an endeavor to realize the dream of Digital India, several Common Service Centres are being managed by young girls and boys in more than 3 lakhs villages today.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of Delhi Metro corridor from Dilshad Garden to New Bus Adda Ghaziabad.
I would have loved to be in your midst but thanks to the power of technology, we are connected on this occasion.
Elaborating on this, the Prime Minister said that earlier, Government was almost the sole provider of goods and services, which left a lot of scope for ignoring one’s shortcomings.
He said teams should be formed at the district level to monitor progress.
Also a performance based production subsidy has been extended @Rs.4.50 per quintal of cane crushed which was directly credited to the farmers account on behalf of sugar mills.
Subjects such as construction permits, enforcement of contracts, registering property, starting a business, getting electricity, getting credit, and resolving insolvency came up for discussion.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee at AIIMS today.
In Kollam, Prime Minister will inaugurate Kollam bypass on NH-66.
He also appreciated the participation of women in the recent Panchayat elections.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO on its 40th successful Polar satellite launch carrying 31 satellites from 15 countries.
And this is not only about Sikar, but in every corner of India, you will witness something akin to this.
He said the people of Kutch are well aware of the importance of water.
Programmes broadcast over Azad Hind Radio were very popular amongst the populace.
The ocean economy should be a significant dimension of our sustainable future.
The MoU envisages that both the Governments shall work to enhance cooperation at the National, regional and international levels in the field of Water Resources Management and Development by collaborating and sharing experience and expertise in the areas mutually agreed upon, including techniques in the efficient use of water resources, river basin management, decision support systems, delta management, water quality issues and waste water recycling and re-use through innovative concession arrangements.
We can each look to our future with optimism and to our partnership with confidence.
• Elaborating and implementing practical measures that contribute to the security of ICT infrastructure on a voluntary and mutual basis;
Let us also not forget that together, India and Africa represent a third of humanity.
The Prime Minister spoke of the goals such doubling farmers’ income by 2022, and balanced development in rural and urban areas.
Had there been institutional prejudice or system centric order, one had seen the impressions of personality, thinking and timings upon it.
The Prime Minister said that the Government’s policies and the bravery of the Armed Forces have ensured that the use of terrorism as a proxy war in Jammu and Kashmir has not been successful.
These thieves and robbers must have gone to some economic doctor.
2. Providing updates on the development of the accountancy profession in India, and promote international good professional practices;
It has been approved for a period of 5 years from the date of signing the MoU and shall be extended for a further period of 5 years on the condition that are not further changes and or revision.
But, better late than never!
Earlier if someone used to ask for electricity connection then the government used to tell that there is an electricity poll on that side and if we need to supply electricity then we will have to install 10 polls from there to here and it will cost nearly Rs. 30,000.
• Total 7,56,750 number of equipments in 29,115 health facilities of 29 States, costing approximately Rs. 4,564 Crore identified.
How close can we get?
In our effort to build disaster resilience, we stand shoulder to shoulder with all the nations of the region.
The Committee reached its findings based on an analysis of hundreds of live pension cases.
This assistance portfolio is presently worth over $1.73 billion.
He expressed happiness that the National War Memorial, or Rashtriya Samar Smaarak, is being dedicated today.
He stressed that while there should be respect for the rule of law among all citizens, and even fear of the long arm of the law for those who evade taxes, people should not fear tax administrators.
He added that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the streams of Jan Bhagidari (public participation) and Jan Andolan (mass movement).
MoC between Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology and Ministry of Economy, Trade & Industry on Japan-India Digital Partnership
The traders can earn, so can students.
· who would rejoice in your success;.
May all your dreams come true, my best wishes to you.
Our economic partnership covers every area of priority for our two nations.
Life goes completely topsy-turvy as a result of the floods.
He said that India is making a mark in the start-up sector due to the talent of its youth.
This will also contribute to Kochi’s economic growth.
Today, we have taken another leap in our bilateral agenda.
In those times, it brought them political awareness and information.
Our focus on Ease of Doing Business is aimed at ensuring that the public, private and personal businesses can grow to their full potential in India.
My dear countrymen, once again, I wish you “michchamidukkadm.”
PM MODI: See, no matte at what speed I move forward, I am never satisfied.
Once, I saw a selfie of a sarpanch with a daughter and referred to the same in Mann Ki Baat.
It is seen, this situation is coming up even at a comparatively younger age.
We don’t trust them.
Energy sustainability, for me, is a sacred duty.
He was earlier unemployed.
The Prime Minister wished Mr Scheer a pleasant stay during his ongoing visit to India from 7-13 October.
The Prime Minister said that for the last four and a half years, the Union Government has pursued the objective of good governance.
The ASEAN Mentor-ship for Entrepreneurs launched at this Summit is a commendable initiative that addresses another felt need of entrepreneurs.
And, Investments from Japan are on the rise.
Newsprint was a rare commodity in those days.
It is farmer friendly, common man friendly, business environment friendly as well as development friendly.
PM Muscat welcomed Indian Pharma and IT industry to make Malta a potential hub for African and European markets.
And through these two schemes, the process to make digital payment a mass movement has been initiated; it has received a rousing welcome in the entire country.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for extension of the validity of the existing Central Orders dated 28.09.2015 in respect of edible oils and edible oilseeds and Central Order No.
As fellow democracies, India and the ROK have shared values and a shared vision for regional and global peace.
These include:
Plastic pollution is now entering into our food chain.
She got some money from the bank, under the ‘Mudra’ Scheme and commenced working towards procuring some items from the market for sale.
1. The 14th annual Summit between India and the European Union (EU) was held in New Delhi on 6 October 2017.
We commemorated 75 years of Quit India Movement last week.
Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojana (PMMY) is a scheme launched by Prime Minister on April 8, 2015 for providing loans up to Rs. 10 lakh to the non-corporate, non-farm small/micro enterprises.
I would now like to connect you with its mathematical manifestation.
Our vision of new India caters to all sections of the society, irrespective of their economic profile, their caste, creed, language and religion.
I have not studied it.
The launch of Ayushman Bharat is also a big step.
The Prime Minister said that structural and long terms measures are required to overcome the challenges faced by the country, instead of poorly thought out short term ones.
Both Sides will pursue equitable, open, all-round, innovation-driven and inclusive development, to achieve sustainable development in its three dimensions – economic, social and environmental – in a balanced and integrated manner.
We note the NDB’s Board of Governors’ discussions on Innovative Approaches for Development Finance at its 3rd Annual Meeting on 28-29 May in Shanghai, China, that deliberated on the NDB’s future development in the changing global environment.
The act is gender neutral.
It is as if you are yourself digging holes in your pathways.
We have a Soil Health Abhiyan.
Yet another new tradition comes into effect from today.
In our country 65% of our population consists of 35 year old people.
The teacher plays a vital role in transformation.
He said the Multi Sports Complex would offer opportunities for training and competitions.
This will ensure that while we are working towards conserving our environment, we also safe-guard our most vulnerable areas.
The Russian and Indian Sides being guided by the principles of transparency, sustainability and responsibility, reiterate their commitment to build effective infrastructure for the International North South Transport Corridor and implementation of the Green Corridor.
v) The designated Airline of each party can enter into cooperative marketing arrangements with the designated carriers of same party and other party.
I look forward to your feedback and suggestions in the future as well.
Not only this, we want that India should also shine in the world – we want to build such an India.
He will dedicate to the nation, inaugurate, or lay the Foundation Stone of various development projects.
Both leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
It is getting transformed into a movement by the society and the people.
Students spoke to the Prime Minister about the need to encourage children.
From time to time, based on currency needs, the Reserve Bank with the approval of the Central Government brings out new notes of higher value.
We have utilized Information Technology to the maximum level.
The Prime Minister was informed of the expeditious resolution of complaints received on the Meri Sadak App.
Sports, in a way, is a recipe that brings people together.
• One, deepen our partnership in agriculture and food security, including through enhanced export of pulses from Tanzania to India;
At present, Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 4 at Jalandhar Cantt. has been functioning since 1987 in a temporary re-appropriated MES building opposite Kalwant Hall in Survey No. 408, Jalandhar Cantt.
They are big numbers.
The Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana,
This issue has also been discussed in a Parliamentary committee.
Remarkably, Swamiji and his team have accomplished this mission in less than a quarter of a century.
I believe that in whatever time that is left before Baba Saheb Ambedkar’s birth anniversary, we should popularise and promote the BHIM-App.
They also stressed the importance of unity of the international community in addressing this challenge, ensuring that all UNSC sanctions are fully implemented by the entire international community, so as to maximize pressure towards achieving a peaceful and comprehensive solution through dialogue.
Extension of the timeline will enable States to participate in this scheme by allowing adequate time to complete the multi-stakeholder process required for joining and/or issuing Bonds.
I had gifted a Roganpainting titled ‘Tree of Life’ done by Abdul Gafoor, to the former President of USA, Mr. Barack Obama.
An increasing proportion of goods is transported by road.
In a democracy, solutions are found through restraint and mutual dialogue.
The impediments encountered earlier in the grant and process of award, have been removed.
I thank and congratulate the P.N. Panicker foundation for organising this.
However, people must know that there is a law to protect the cow and the violation of law is not an alternative.
He will dedicate Multi-Modal Logistics Park (MMLP) Jharsugudaand other developmental projects to the Nation.
This indicates that we have not cared for future requirements and opted that kind of development model which gives only short term gains.
To provide relief to the farmers affected by natural calamities, the interest subvention of 2% will be provided to Banks for the first year on the restructured amount.
PM will visit Guwahati, Itanagar and Agartala tomorrow.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Maldives will make an official visit to India on the 26th of November to hold further discussions and to prepare for the forthcoming State Visit of President Solih to India.
He said India now ranks first in South Asia, and is just some steps away from the Top 50 target.
In the past few weeks, we all witnessed that there were dust storms in the different regions of the country, along with heavy winds and unseasonal heavy rains.
You know, AbhilashTomy is a very courageous, brave soldier.
He added that the teachings of Shri Guru Ravidas inspire us every day.
From this holy land, I once again convey my best wishes to the Yoga enthusiast all over the world.
May our neighbouring countries be with us in our journey, may they develop equally.
The issue regarding the increase in effective rate of Compensation Cess on motor vehicles will be examined by the GST Council in due course.
The year-long programme saw an unprecedented level of cultural exchange showcasing artistic, cultural and literary traditions in both countries and was a fitting celebration of the deep cultural ties that bind India and the UK.
In his intervention, the Prime Minister thanked various participants for their suggestions and observations, on various aspects of the economy.
He presented awards to winners of the Mega Draw under Lucky Grahak Yojana and Digi-dhan Vyapar Yojana.
The changes will enable the persons belonging to these castes/ communities to avail the benefits of reservation in Government services and posts as well as in Central Educational Institutions as per the existing policy.
This has been a very sublime experience for me.
The Asia Pacific Trade Agreement or APTA (formerly the Bangkok Agreement) is an initiative under the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UN ESCAP) for trade expansion through exchange of tariff concessions among developing country members of the Asia Pacific Region.
Many books have been written on that dark period.
But I understand that there are many lessons that Physics can teach us in day to day life.
Meeting of the Working Group on Counter Terrorism (14 September 2016, New Delhi) 20.
The Government not only focused on electrification, but also reformed the distribution systems across the country, Prime Minister added.
The MoU will be signed during the VIP visit from Uzbekistan to India on 1st October 2018.
Such atrocity against a particular community is the misdeed of terrorists trained and armed with weapons by Pakistan, and their sympathizers.
The Multi-Modal Logistics Park will establish Jharsuguda as a prime logistics hub in Odisha and boost ease of doing business in the State.
I am confident that we can do a lot of work with consensus on certain issues.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today visited Sumdo near the India-China border, in Kinnaur district of Himachal Pradesh, to celebrate Diwali with the jawans.
He will inaugurate 10 Health and Wellness Centres.
Today, thousands of poor people are treated free of cost in this hospital that has come up through hard-work.
In the first phase, we have taken Kamakhya Temple, Jagannath Puri, Meenakshi Temple, Tirupati, Golden Temple, and Vaishno Devi temple for making them and their surroundings clean.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi announced annual Sardar Patel Award for National Integration at the DGPs/IGPs Conference at Kevadia yesterday.
Ms. Vijay Thakur Singh, Secretary (East), MEA
Nine such presentations are envisaged this time.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Australia for Cooperation in the Disability Sector.
I salute all those who are serving the nation.
Approximately 15 lakh people and 150,000 trucks cross Petrapole-Benapole every year.
To strengthen cooperation in the field of sports development and excellence through joint programmes.
I. Exchange of best practices
They put themselves in the line of fire so that their Indian friends are safe.
The 30 th of January is the death anniversary of our revered Bapu, who showed us a new path.
c) Investment in the Tourism and Hospitality sectors
In the aviation sector, the Regional Connectivity Scheme will connect 43 destinations, including 31 unserved destinations.
There are students who focus their attention on what they have studied, what they have learnt, and what are their strong points.
In the true spirit of cooperative and competitive federalism, our State Governments have also aligned with the efforts of the Union Government to simplify processes and procedures.
The two countries desired to strengthen and further develop the established relation through signing a Joint Declaration of Intent for promoting and facilitating exchange of knowledge and experience, cooperation in the field of Civil Aviation.
Recently, I had the opportunity to read a letter, which I feel, I should share with you.
We have a tradition of ‘discuss’ and ‘decide.’
The Prime Minister will also address the gathering.
(d) exchange of publications, reports and various public materials related to Public Administration and Governance Reforms, which are published by the Sides;
It is a struggle between the values of humanism and the forces of inhumanity.”
It has proved to be a rewarding research initiative, which we need to build on.
He interacted with select beneficiaries of Ayushman Bharat Yojana.
In order to carry forward the work on GST, we have held discussions with the state Government and the political parties.
Those who like exporting terror, I want to tell them that India has changed and their antics will not be tolerated
Namaskar to all of you.
At times, government organizations are tagged as a regulator, but it is commendable that F.SA.A.I has been working beyond this brief for public awareness and public education.
Several steps have been proposed in this budget to support the farmers and enhance their income.
My heartfelt condolences to the pilgrims who were killed in this attack and my sympathies are with the families in this hour of grief.
The MoU would help encourage more and more young Indian Chartered Accountants to take up the recognition of “CPA Canada” professional designation to further help them pursue professional opportunities in Canada.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that this launch has been done with a vision to provide the poorest of the poor, and the underprivileged sections of society, with better healthcare and treatment.
Also facilitating exchange of publications generated by these institutions.
Shri Madan Lal KhuranaJi will always be remembered for the manner in which he strengthened the BJP in Delhi.
They welcomed the inaugural meeting of the Maritime Security Dialogue.
Japan is a pioneer in high-speed rail networks, and its Shinkansen bullet train is among the fastest in the world.
And no shame that prevents them from doing record corruption.
Doo share the photographs taken on these festivals with one another so that everyone can witness the diversity of India and the beauty of Indian culture.
Further, Public-Private partnerships with CII, FICCI and high technology private companies are being pursued to strengthen the innovation ecosystem.
My programmes in South Africa will span across Pretoria, Johannesburg, Durban and Pietermaritzburg.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government has taken a number of decisions that have brought about fundamental transformation.
The future is going to be technology driven.
SWAYAM, India’s own MOOCs (Massive Open Online Courses) platform is one such major initiative, which offers various online courses prepared by the best faculty from across the country.
Stress is also being given to disaster resilience, and low cost housing design typologies.
It will set up Defence Innovation Hubs throughout the country to provide necessary incubation and infrastructure support to the start-ups in defence area.
The Union Government has declared 19 Waterways in the North East as National Waterways.
He said a link to this portal will be made available through the GST portal.
Health services will improve through these centers.
In this context, connectivity through the Chabahar port in Iran was also discussed.
It should enhance comparative advantages, boost economic growth, promote economic transformation of BRICS countries, strengthen sustainable industrial production capacity, create networks of science parks and technology business incubators, and support small and medium-sized enterprises in technology intensive areas.
After the welcome address of Home Minister Shri Rajnath Singh, Secretary (Rajbhasha) presented an account of the progress made on various subjects as per the agenda.
BRICS Forum on State Owned Enterprises Reforms and Governance 111.
I have received one suggestion and I compliment the gentleman who has made this creative suggestion.
Latest technology related to railway track safety (automatic inspection technology etc.)
·If you talk about the investment in this sector, then the previous government has spent Rs. 93,000 crore during the last three years of its tenure in land acquisition and on construction of the roads.
Strengthening Global Nonproliferation
The two corridors, once completed, will greatly facilitate public transport in the area.
In our country, there have been unending endeavours against social ills and evil practices, both individually & collectively.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to Raising of Bonds of Rs. 2360 crores for Renewable Energy.
The whole country is gearing up to celebrate Diwali.
With our deep rooted philosophy of co-existence with nature and co-existence with each other, we invite you to join us in the journey of making this planet a more safe and sustainable place.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to make the entire system innovation-friendly, so that intent can generate ideas; ideas lead to innovation; and innovation helps create a New India.
The National Foundation for Corporate Social Responsibility (NFCSR) at IICA is responsible for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives.
SardarSaheb believed that the power of India lay in the diversity of the land.
The Army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is clear about its priority being development, and resources being used for the well-being of the citizens.
Cooperation in the legal processes such as effective freezing of the proceeds of crime; early return of the offenders and efficient repatriation of the proceeds of crime should be enhanced and streamlined.
The National Gas Grid or Pradhan Mantri Urja Ganga has also been created to have a gas based economy and enhance the share of gas in the energy basket.”
These include Model Agricultural Produce and Livestock Marketing Act, 2017 and Model Contract Farming and Services Act, 2018.
Even against a weak international economic scenario, the news from India is of strong growth and abundant opportunities.
It is from the mindsets, thought streams, entities and instruments rooted in the idea of hate and violence.
These Institutes are envisaged to carry out research in frontier areas of science and to provide quality science education at the Under-Graduate and Post-Graduate level.
He also interacted briefly with students.
Sister Nivedita, whom we also know as Bhagini Nivedita, was one such extraordinary person.
The Prime Minister appreciated momentum in BRICS under the Chairmanship of President Xi and extended full cooperation and best wishes for the BRICS Xiamen Summit.
Distinguished Business Leaders,
And that is why my dear countrymen…
Such arrangements will usher in a new change in the lives of crores of our farmers.
Please go write your exams, free from tension,and get good results.
All signals indicate that our farmers have broken all previous records.
As the first Indian, and amongst only a handful of foreign leaders to receive the award, it signifies the strength of a unique relationship and is a testament to the personal commitment of the PM in advancing India-Afghan ties.
We can’t behave in the way, a new Opposition party behaves.’
Earlier in 2015, Government had approved revival of these three units through ‘bidding route’.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC) between Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers (FLETC),USA and Bureau of Police Research & Development (BPR&D), India on Law Enforcement Training.
The Prime Minister complimented them for contributing to raising India’s profile on the global stage.
He spoke of the Government’s resolve to develop the North-East, and added that focus on connectivity and infrastructure could help develop the North-East to become a gateway to South-East Asia.
The intent with which they move forward are foiled and they have to face major challenges.
The government has been focussing on the development of the North East region through its pro-active “Act East Policy”.
Perhaps not.
A robust legal framework backed by a vibrant arbitration culture is essential.
Proud of ISRO for taking the nation towards new heights and a brighter future”, the Prime Minister said.
The pension liability in respect of employees of Department of Telecommunications (DOT) / Department of Telecom Services (DTS) / Department of Telecom Operations (DTO) who retired prior to 01.10.2000 is solely borne by Government of India and the BSNL will have no liability in respect of these employees.
Perhaps, there can be no better place than Rishikesh, to host the International Yoga Festival.
These corridors will become the engines of economic development and growth of defence industrial base in the country.
The implementation and furtherance of such a phenomenal change on such a monumental scale, with the involvement of so many tens of millions of people in such a vast country, is in itself a pinnacle of success.
The routes and frequencies shall be decided subsequently.
Overall, approximately one year would be required to implement the decision.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Vrindavan in Uttar Pradesh tomorrow on 11 February 2019.
Background:-
On behalf of the one point three billion people of India, I am delighted to welcome you all to New Delhi.
“Congratulations to ISRO and other stakeholders on the successful launch of GSLV-F08 with indigenous cryogenic stage.
A group of about 40 enthusiasts with experience in mountaineering, who are embarking on an expedition to raise awareness on cleaning the River Ganga, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
PM will Flag-off Bhusaval- Bandra Khandesh Express Train through video link.
He said that this event is an occasion to honour Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the movement towards a Clean India.
Power connection is provided within a time frame of 15 days;
He also distributed the PM-SYM pension cards to select beneficiaries.
In order to ensure that no hardship is caused to employees, four interest free advances namely Advances for Medical Treatment, TA on tour/transfer, TA for family of deceased employees and LTC have been retained.
It was a 42-year old project.
There are still several months left for the 1000 days to be completed and till now only 2000 villages are yet to be electrified.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi recognized the common threat posed by terrorism, and reiterated their strong condemnation of and resolute opposition to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
It means that we have carried out the work of doubling of railway tracks twice as fast.
5. Other forms of cooperation as per mutual consent of the Sides.
In a message, Prime Minister said, “Country is proud of Odisha’s great culture and heritage.
They contain enormous opportunities in energy, food, medicine and a host of other natural resources.
Advancing U.S.-India Global Leadership on Climate and Clean Energy
Ones who have been in power for very long, shouldn’t be doing such things
As the government marks three years of its nation and people centric governnace, in a first of its kind project for India’s nuclear power sector, the ten new units will come up in fleet mode as a fully homegrown initiative.
This would ensure a significant boost to the income of farmers.
To promote understanding and love of science in our youth, it is vital that we promote science communication in a big way.
The MoU entails setting up of a framework of cooperation between the two countries for implementing development partnership projects and programmes in Africa.
The Committee shall examine the effectiveness of actions since 1985 to implement Clause 6 of the Assam Accord.
He also emphasized the need to end all forms of discrimination against the girl child.
‘Suraja’ or Good Governance should be our collective responsibility.
24. We acknowledge that the BRICS Ministers of Energy agreed to establish the BRICS Energy Research Cooperation Platform and to develop its Terms of Reference, and note the ongoing discussions for that purpose.
States that are strong and want to grow further, need to be given adequate authority and resources.
Our two countries share vibrant and growing people to people ties.
The Agreement will promote bilateral cooperation in the field of Sustainable Urban Development between the two countries.
The Government is also committed to provide assistance for maintenance and up-keep of various wild-life sanctuaries and national parks in Mizoram with a view to attract tourists.
The Prime Minister recalled the successful visit of H. E. Mr. Lee Hsien Loong, Prime Minister of Singapore, to India in October 2016, and appreciated the follow-up action taken by both sides on the decisions taken at the Summit.
And, the reach and benefit of such efforts extends to all corners of Afghanistan.
Background of the Kalam Memorial
When there is a talk of ‘New India’, its criticism, its analysis, it counter views, are but natural, and that is a fundamental of democracy.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of nutrition in a child’s physical and cognitive development.
In a series of tweets Prime Minister said:
Elections are celebrations of democracy.
Though, UDAY is optional, several States/Union Territories have joined or agreed to join the scheme demonstrating its necessity and appeal.
The Prime Minister said, “Tributes to the brave martyrs of the Jallianwala Bagh massacre.
It is also proposed to establish Joint Master Degree Programmes between Indian and Afghanistan Universities / Institutions.
I could also participate last year in the UN Vesak day celebrations.
As I leave you to enjoy Cold Play, let me end on a musical note.
R K Pachnanda, called on Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today, and presented a cheque of Rs. 8.5 crore towards the Prime Minister`s National Relief Fund.
He said emerging fields, including Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Internet of Things, Blockchain, and Big Data, can take India to new heights of development, and improve the quality of life of its citizens.
PM laid the foundation stone for the construction of Greenfield Airport at Hollongi and inaugurated retrofitted Tezu airport.
Not once will it be asked as to from where all this wealth came and how it was acquired.
The newborn should get the complete love and attention of the mother.
During the session, participants shared their views on various economic themes such as agriculture, skill development and job creation, taxation and tariff related matters, education, digital technology, housing, tourism, banking, governance reform, data driven policy, and future steps for growth.
The panelists included renowned experts, academicians, innovators, industrialists and entrepreneurs from Indian Diaspora and India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today announced a relief package of over Rs. 2000 crore for relief, rehabilitation, reconstruction and flood mitigation measures in the flood-affected North-Eastern states.
At a time when the world looks towards Asia, the progress and prosperity of China and India, and our close cooperation, have the potential to shape a peaceful and stable future for Asia.
Many forts associated with Shivaji Maharaj like Sindhu Durg, Murud Janjira, Swarn Durg, etc were either situated on the sea coast or were encircled by sea.
You should move forward and thus should the country move ahead.
The recommendations made by the ICSI played a positive role in formulating the Corporate Governance Framework.
The MoU will help to establish inter-institutional coopera¬tion and relations between the two Parties in order to promote cooperation in the field of ICT.
Appreciating the social initiatives of the Essel Group, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Mission provides opportunities for a large number of social entrepreneurs to emerge.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi released a book titled “The Birds of Banni Grassland” in New Delhi, today.
Our exchanges earlier during the day were productive.
His passing away is a major loss to the world of literature.
To give you a few examples, now we have a bank account for every family.
Palm oil contributes 70% of vegetable oil import and is one of the cheapest oil due to high productivity per hectare.
Thank you once again for the honour to be with you.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for setting up the India Post Payments Bank (IPPB) as a Public Limited Company under the Department of Posts, with 100% Government of India (GOI) equity.
I’ve been successful is pulling my entire government in.
We agreed that the two countries must focus on action oriented approach to realize the full potential of economic opportunities in our partnership.
He said women have now got the opportunity to become fighter pilots.
He said the Swachh Bharat Mission is also proving effective in controlling disease.
I will interact with the Indian workers at the Workers’ Camp and some of the members of over 6 lakh Indians who have nurtured our relations through their sweat and toil.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted sports enthusiasts on National Sports Day.
He also interacted with divyangjan children on board the ship.
The Prime Minister suggested that the CSR spend of CPSEs should be focused largely on one specific theme each year.
Terrorism has taken an ugly shape and has become a global threat almost as a daily routine.
It requires whole-hearted support from each of us.
The Prime Minister will also dedicate a Jal Ambulance service, and a Jal Shav Vahan service to the people of Varanasi, through a video link.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of joint issue of Postage Stamps on India-South Africa on the theme, “20 Years of Strategic Partnership between India and South Africa”.
It calls for supporting infrastructure, logistic support, fiscal incentives and enabling environment.
Framework MoU would lead to joint activity in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
Dr. Radhakrishnan ji showed this by living as a teacher and by keeping alive the student within him despite holding the highest office of the President.
He added the peace, security and prosperity presently enjoyed by the nation has been possible due to the sacrifices and consistent efforts of police,paramilitary and armed forces.Prime Minister also evoked the contributions and sacrifices of National Disaster Response Forces and State Disaster Response Forces.
The proposed amendments in NABARD Act, include, certain other amendments including changes in long title and certain Sections to bring Medium Enterprises and Handlooms in NABARD’s mandate.
In this fight against corruption and black money, it is clear that you wish to walk shoulder to shoulder with us.
Toilets have increased from 39% to almost 67% of the population?
It is also a good strategy for providing electricity to remote villages and hamlets.
“Tomorrow I will begin a two day Gujarat visit, during which I will join programmes in Kutch and Gandhinagar.
Low or zero tax rate is given to certain types of financial income.
Railways Sector
After the review, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore to the State.
The Defence Ministers’ Dialogue and the Joint Defence Cooperation Committee (JDCC) iii).
And in this endeavor, you will find in India, my friends, a beacon of peace and progress, stability and success, and access and accommodation.
PM inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development at Patna .
Indians have, with firm resolve and infinite patience, faced difficulties with a smile, re-defining the concept of sacrifice.
An investment-friendly environment needs to be stable from the macro-economic perspective.
The projects would create lot of employment opportunities and would lead to the overall development of Bundelkhand region.
Modelled on the Torana Gates of the Sanchi Stupa this stands as a symbol of our abiding friendship.
We have set up clear performance measures and accountability mechanisms.
If you were not prepared for the debate why did you bring the motion?
City based R&D Clusters are being created to bring together all Science and Technology partners from Academia to Institutes, to Industries to Startups.
It is a great honour for me to be back in Japan on my second visit as Prime Minister.
He also inaugurated the Multi Modal Logistic Park at Balasore, and six Passport Sewa Kendras.
It will also accelerate the economic development of the region.
The plan has a regional approach, which will be beneficial not only for disaster management but also for development planning.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Jhunjhunu in Rajasthan on 8th March, the International Women’s Day.
The Prime Minister recalled that when former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee wanted to include Shri Venkaiah Naidu in his Cabinet, then Venkaiahji had requested for the Rural Development portfolio.
Twenty-four teams from all over the world will be making India their home.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described India’s democratic system of governance as a great teacher, which inspires over 125 crore people.
In Kollam, on the banks of the Ashtamudilake, I sense recovery from the floods of last year.
In the year 2016-17, Bonds worth Rs. 48,391 crore have been floated by Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Punjab.
“ Birthday wishes to Rashtrapati Ji.
We are going to go back after getting inspiration for all these things.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in New Delhi on June 29, 2018.
The word Yoga, means ‘to unite’.
At the launch ceremony, the Prime Minister and other dignitaries will pour soil and Narmada water into a Kalash to mark the dedication of the “Statue of Unity” to the nation.
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters includes exchanges of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in-charge of youth policy-making.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its approval for incurring an expenditure of Rs.3639.32 core for the 13 new Central Universities for recurring cost and creation of necessary infrastructure for completion of the campuses.
To those who cannot see beyond shadows of violence in Afghanistan, the restored Stor palace is a reminder of the glory of Afghanistan’s rich traditions.
The Durraiappah Stadium is not just brick and mortar.
We don’t deny it.
There is global resurgence in traditional and alternative health care systems resulting in world herbal trade which stands at US$ 120 billion and is expected to reach US$ 7 trillion by 2050.
The Prime Minister said FICCI has a key role to play in sectors such as food processing, start-ups, artificial intelligence, solar power, healthcare etc.
“Congratulations to H. E. Mr. Leo Varadkar on assuming office as Taoiseach of Ireland.
The Champalimaud Foundation is a private biomedical research foundation.
He said this is an opportunity for collective inspiration and for everyone to work in mission mode for all-round development.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Australia on Cooperation in Combating International Terrorism and Transnational Organized Crime.
He was committed to being a teacher.
However, considering the need for social security of employees, the Cabinet has asked Ministry of Finance to work out a customized group insurance scheme for Central Government Employees with low premium and high risk cover.
This cooperation currently pursued under agency level (ISRO- Indonesian National Institute of Aeronautics and Space -LAPAN) MoUs signed in 1997 and 2002.
Various participants appreciated the progress and reforms made in India in the last three years.
People who have been working in Surat, in Baroda and in Ankaleshwar, people those who work in Maharashtra can reach their homes comfortably for the festivals of Diwali and Chhath Puja.
This dam has not been built by bricks and mortar, but by the faith of our friendship and the valour of Afghans and Indians.
Investors look for growth and macro-economic stability.
The Indian side also highlighted its interest for cooperation on capacity building of the entire pharmaceutical value chain.
Decline in the Under 5 Mortality Rate (U5MR) to 39 in 2016 from 55 in 2011.
This topic was close to his heart probably because of his family background and childhood which was associated with villages.
It is also one of our largest sources of Foreign Direct Investment.
10. The Myanmar side expressed its heartfelt appreciation to Government of India for all the assistance rendered to Myanmar in support of its endeavour for socio-economic development.
Such activities must be promoted to generate greater business awareness and commercial exchanges.
Recognizing the year 2017 as the Twentieth Anniversary of the establishment of the BIMSTEC, we direct the BIMSTEC Secretariat to plan a series of activities to celebrate the Twentieth Anniversary and also direct our authorities to undertake such activities.
The MoU provides for cooperation in the fields of Phytosanitary issues, agricultural production and a wide range of other sectors including animal husbandry, agricultural research, food processing and other additional fields as may be mutually decided by both the sides.
I thank those people from Balochistan, Gilgit and Pak occupied Kashmir.
‘Make in India’ is one of them.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps taken for Scheduled Castes and Other Backward Castes.
In India, it has been said – “Earth is the mother and I am her son”.
For a healthy society, and for lofty democratic values I feel that, it is a very hope inspiring event.
The National Waterways Act, 2016 for developing and maintaining the existing five NWs and new 106 NWs has been passed by Parliament and is now enforced.
During the interaction with young entrepreneurs, Prime Minister said that the government has created Rs.10000 Crore ‘Fund of Funds’ to ensure that young entrepreneurs may not face shortage of funds for their start-ups and to facilitate youngsters to innovate.
The MoU envisions the establishment of Joint Working Group (JWG) to create, monitor and review the implementation framework for the MoU.
All of you must be knowing that our civilization developed along river banks.
The testing agencies issuing automobile approvals have been brought under the ambit of the Act.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has lauded the passing of Rights of Persons with Disabilities Bill – 2016 by the Parliament.
Dussehra Maidan (Phase 2), Kota The Prime Minister will also address the public meeting.
I thank all nations helping us doing so.
Only then we will be able to check the exodus of population from villages to cities.
Even the smallest incidents are taking us towards violence.
PM Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings to people of Gujarat on their statehood day.
Chaitanya Mahaprabhu had also shown new direction against untouchability.
I asked him if he was a doctor.
To ensure that nobody is left out (especially women, children and elderly) there will be no cap on family size and age in the scheme.
Friends, This period is of immense changes, of transformative changes in the history of the nation.
I hope the injured recover soon.
Did the Pathankot terror attack change the situation?
I have been saying that 21st Century is Asia’s Century.
The poor people didn’t get what rightfully belonged to them.
This will further grow by about 200 million metric tons by 2030.”, he added.
The Central Hospital along with its land and building will be transferred to the Jharkhand Government within 3 months.
He lauded the lofty ideals and values of the Guru Gobind Singh jee – the selfless service to humanity, devotion, heroism and sacrifice and urged the people to follow his path.
But, you need not limit yourself to that alone.
Today, 1.25 billion Indians will have the honour to host 10 esteemed guests — leaders of Asean nations — at India’s Republic Day celebrations in our capital, New Delhi.
The NATRIP project is required:
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said priority and approach, matter a lot in governance.
And so everyone is wary of Diabetes.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Civil Aviation.
He called upon the NRI community to join hands for building a new India.
The Prime Minister said that In India, when we recall the Constitution, we also recall Babasaheb Ambedkar.
So he is a personality who is well read and who has also written a lot of books.
The special assistance will be provided by way of repayment of loan and interest for the Externally Aided Projects (EAPs) signed and disbursed during 2015-2016 to 2019-20 by the State.
d.Sharing of knowledge and best practices in user-free (toll)-related issues; including modern systems, technologies and methods of levying of user-free and collection including Electronic Toll Collection System;
The bonds between the two countries are long-standing and rich.
The political, economic, scientific and cultural interaction between India and Japan has been substantial.
I will have in-depth talks with Prime Minister Netanyahu on the full spectrum of our partnership and strengthening it in diverse fields for mutual benefit.
This new inspiration & zest will keep taking her to greater heights.
Moreover, booking amount has been fixed only at 10 per cent.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Qatar for cooperation in Skill Development and Recognition of qualifications.
Special emphasis has been given to development of infrastructure related to Digital India.
Another programme is the handing over of ambulances and a model of Bhabhatron.”
Friends, however, the matter doesn’t end there.
Emerging economies, which played a major role in revitalizing the growth in the global economy pursuant to the financial crisis are today facing unprecedented economic and technological challenges.
Now the Autonomous Council releases the money sent for the region’s development, he added
I congratulate D. Prakash Rao for his hard work, his persistence and for providing a new direction to the lives of those poor children attending his school.
He said the aim of the Government is to take India to new heights of growth.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
I have been told that around one lakh fifty thousand candidates undertake examinations of NISM every year.
We have focused on removing the barrierswhich were preventing us from achieving our full potential.
Memorandum of Understanding between Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) and the Federal Space Agency of Russia ‘ROSCOSMOS’ on Joint Activities in the field of Human Spaceflight Programme
Over millennia, the East Coast of Africa has had strong maritime links with India.
Since a long time people have been asking me questions on one topic.
Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster conveyed the greetings of President Donald Trump to Prime Minister.
The credit for saving lives of three lakh children goes to every Indian who was a part of this campaign.
a competition between individuals,
As per the IA, Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) and Centre Nationale Dètudes Spatiales (CNES), France will jointly undertake various activities during these pre-formulation studies and present the pre-formulation concept study results to the respective senior management for review within one year of its signing.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposed Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Export-Import Bank of India (EXIM Bank) and Export-Import Bank of Korea (KEXIM) for export credit of USD 9 billion for infrastructural development in India and for the supply of goods and services as part of projects in third countries.
My dear countrymen, it has been told in our epics:-
Like every Indian, I have been deeply hurt by the recent incidents in Jammu & Kashmir.
The Prime Minister said travel is a great Indian tradition, and travelling and interacting with people is a great learning experience.
The multifaceted development partnership is a key pillar of our bilateral relationship.
TCIL is a leading ISO – 9001: 2008 and ISO 14001:2004 certified, Schedule-A, Mini Ratna Category-l, 100% owned Govt. of India Undertaking.
Shahid Abdulla, Minister of Foreign Affairs
He said it also symbolizes the future of India.
He launched the “Make Your City SMART” Contest.
MOUs with China and Singapore are under renewal/consideration in consultation with Ministry of External Affairs.
The United States welcomes India’s interest in joining the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation forum, as India is a dynamic part of the Asian economy.
Advancing the comprehensive development of the Indian-Russian relations is an absolute priority of the foreign policy of both States.
What will be the situation of our mothers and sisters?
The Prime Minister said that Pakistan now knows fully well what the Indian Army is capable of.
Our sportswomen have done the country proud.
He also informed that in the last 55 months there has been no dearth of funds for development.
The captain of Maharashtra Under-21 Women’s Kabaddi team, Sonali Helvi is from Satara.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has hailed India’s historic jump of 30 ranks in the World Bank’s Doing Business Report, 2018 released today.
Earlier today, in our discussions.
Out of this, Rs. 345 crore has already been released, and the remaining will be released immediately, to assist the States in relief and rehabilitation work.
The Prasad is not mine, neither have I prepared it, but it is something holy and by distributing it I get a sense of satisfaction.
As the scheme provides credit without collateral and third-party guarantee, the start-ups would be encouraged to set up enterprises based on innovation and new ideas.
The Government has decided, that 3 crore farmers who have Kisan Credit Cards, will be given RuPay debit cards within three months.
• ICAI and ICPAK will provide opportunities to key members of the reciprocal body’s staff to learn from their knowledge and experience through informal work placements to be agreed through a work schedule.
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of Sela Tunnel in Arunachal Pradesh.
For most people, Makar Sankranti means a break from the harrowing winter and warmer, brighter days.
However, this assumption is based on India deciding to buy the minimum number of shares (100) required for obtaining the membership.
The Prime Minister quoted the writer Ramvriksha Benipuri, and the poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to describe the mood that prevailed at that time.
• Cow is revered as the mother in our country.
So, this is our achievement in 2017.
In conclusion, as global host of World Environment Day 2018, I reiterate our commitment to sustainable development.
Swachh Shakti is an example of how at the grass root level, rural women champions are acting as a change agent to mobilize the community and lead from the front women taking initiatives for a Swachh Bharat.
He said the sewage treatment plants and beautification of Ghats would go a long way in this regard.
The launch of IPPB marks another significant milestone in the Union Government’s endeavour to take the benefits of a rapidly developing India to the remotest corners of our country.
This Mission is being promoted by the Niti Aayog.
This means if anyone steals 1 kg of wheat on a bogus ration card, he automatically gains Rs.20-25.
Foreign Minister Ravi Karunanayake thanked Prime Minister for quick Indian assistance in the aftermath of the floods and landslides.
I bow to all my poor labourers who have fulfilled this sacred task with this devotion.
It is your labour of love which is instrumental in Sri Lanka meeting almost 17% of the world’s demand for tea, and earning more than 1.5 billion US dollars in foreign exchange.
So today we are going to be guided by the gentleman manwho has always been attached to the people at the bottom of the society.
Under this scheme, over 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakh each, every year.
Subsequently, Prime Minister will pay a State visit to Myanmar from September 5-7, 2017 at the invitation of H.E. U Htin Kyaw, President of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar.
It will clear the way for faster revival of Barauni unit of HFCL.
They stressed the importance of an early restructuring of the UN Security Council to make its decision making processes more democratic, transparent and responsive to the realities of the world today.
The people of India have confidence that if there’s someone who can do this, it is Narendra Modi and he will do it.
Pakistan forgets that it bombs its own citizens using fighter planes.
Russia welcomed the participation of India in the counter-terror military exercise “Peace Mission – 2018”.
“Successful testing of Scramjet Rocket Engine is a testimony to the hardwork and excellence of our scientists.
Number of patents registered has also seen a three-fold increase compared to the previous government.
5. The Policy encourages setting up of supply chain mechanisms for biodiesel production from non-edible oilseeds, Used Cooking Oil, short gestation crops.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with young innovators and Start-Up entrepreneurs from across the country, through video bridge.
Just like the aspirations and power of the youth, India is doing big, transformative things, the Prime Minister said.
The existing multi-tier decision making structure has been replaced with the Governing Board chaired by the Minister of Health & Family Welfare, Government of India which will enable the decision making at a faster pace, required for smooth implementation of the scheme.
At a public meeting, he unveiled the plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of various development works of Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust.
We reaffirm that the diversification of energy supply sources, including renewable and low carbon energy sources, investments in energy and energy infrastructure, energy industry and market development and intra-BRICS collaboration for access to primary energy sources will continue to underpin our energy security.
We must recognize the potential of social media and develop applications for all aspects of disaster risk management.
Earlier BPOs were only restricted to big cities, now it is spread to small towns and villages, creating employment opportunities.
· 80 thousand kilometers long rural roads were constructed during the last three years of the previous government.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Turkey on trade in poppy seeds to ensure quick and transparent processing for import of poppy seeds from Turkey.
Members of the delegation briefed the Prime Minister on development issues concerning the State, and said that benefits of central assistance to the State have not reached the villages due to non-empowerment of the Panchayats, in line with the rest of the country.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, 81 per cent of the targeted habitations numbering about 1.45 lakh have so far been connected.
He said that a spirit should be created, whereby we all set targets for our contribution to India, by 2022.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has laid stress on Policy Driven Governance and Predictable Transparent Policies.
They understand what the youth of New India desires, he added.
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man.
Whose face will sport a smile!
I saw a picture of this marriage in social media.
Companies may be small or big, however, if you certify their books of account then the government believes in that, people of the country believe in that.
All of us are experiencing Global warming, climate change now.
On the side-lines of this event, I hope the delegates joining us from abroad, shall have some time to see the history and splendour of Delhi.
The other side is a confused.
A bond that is nurtured by our shared values and struggles.
In the present Motor Vehicle Act, there are 223 Sections out of which the Bill aims to amend 68 sections whereas Chapters 10 has been deleted and a Chapter 11 is being replaced with new provisions to simplify third party insurance claims and settlement process.
The Company has only five employees at present.
At every given point, there is something happening in a different part of the world.
We are leveraging strategic international partnerships and collaborations based on the principles of mutuality, parity and reciprocity, to make Indian Science globally competitive.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has launched a new website today to honour all the gallantry award winners since Independence.
He used to continuously repeat that.
The target was to shift part of the estimated 300 tons of physical bars and coins purchased every year for Investment into ‘demat’ gold bonds.
The Bill provides for repealing of Merchant Shipping Act, 1958 as well as for the repealing of the Coasting Vessels Act, 1838.
President of Institute of Company Secretaries of India, Dr. Shyam Agrawal Ji and other dignitaries present on this occasion.
Two way trade has grownby over 300 percent in last ten years.
Today is also the birthday of Bharat Ratna and former Prime Minister Venerable Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ji.
Implementation strategy:
Now if I talk about the development of Renewable Energy sector, then:
Governor of UP Shri Ram Naik, CM of UP Shri Yogi Adityanath, and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
This requires businesses and industry in all five countries to scale up their engagement.
• Improving the capacity of law enforcement agencies through joint training programs, including equipping them to draft appropriate requests for electronic evidence in accordance with the respective laws and regulations of the United States and India;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend a commemorative event to mark the 300th Martyrdom Anniversary of Baba Banda Singh Bahadurji, in New Delhi on Sunday.
Total cost implication is expected to be Rupees 95 crores for the first four years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of MP and former Union Minister, Shri Sanwar Lal Jat.
Let me tell this member it is the people who elected us.
The Commission shall submit its report within 12 weeks from the date of appointment of the Chairperson of the Commission.
Its extent and depth is shaped by a robust development cooperation partnership, which has a strong “people first” philosophy.
Our government has awarded the work to construct 34,000 kilometers long national highways in its three years.
And, at least I can never keep my eyes shut to this kind of thing.
• Human Resource Development
India recognized Morocco on June 20, 1956 and established relations in 1957.
It will benefit the students, especially those of tribal and rural areas of the two UTs.
Through our ‘Make in India’ initiative, we are committed to transform India as a major player in the global value chain.
India is now the leading recipient of capital investment in the Asia-Pacific.
I salute this great ability of the people also from the core of my heart.
My thoughts are with the bereaved families.
An online citizen engagement platform, MyGov has harnessed ideas, suggestions and inputs on policies and programmes from 2 million pro-active citizens.
Shriman Sakal Shastriji, you mentioned ‘Karnataka’… you beautifully maintained a delicate balance between words when you wrote ‘Ayushman Bharat’; ‘Long live India’ will be possible only when we express ‘Ayushman Bhoomi; ‘Long live the land’; and that will be conceivable only when we begin feeling concerned about every living being on this land.
Today, most sectors are on automatic approval route.
With sky-high popularity among Indians, he can say what he wants and push for the reforms he seeks.
Prime Minister Netanyahu and I agreed on the need to do more in this direction.
They acknowledged that these agreements and those already existing would strengthen the framework for the consolidation of friendship and cooperation between India and Qatar.
Building on our recent discussions, we will review the progress of various joint initiatives and decisions.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Lalitgiri Museum.
Many of you have already connected with me over my Mobile App.
This made the whole world realize and understand the importance of peace.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi visited Ranchi in Jharkhand on 17 February, 2019.
In order to achieve this, he added, state-of-the-art mass transit systems are the need of the hour.
And whether it is the state governments or the centre or whether these are the local bodies of self-rule, we all have to work together.
We have always been open to new ideas.
They are going to be the creator of the destiny (Bhagya Vidhata) of our nation in the 21st century.
• Maternal care to the Child during early childhood – crucial for growth and development of the child.
He was an ideal ruler blessed with exceptional administrative skills.
Given the geographical and cultural closeness between the two countries, there are many common challenges like countering terrorism that needs joint action.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people, on occasion of various festivals across India.
Councils will also be supported by Central and State Governments respectively through Grant-in-aid as needed.
You can see it.
PM also said that under PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana about Rs. 7.5 Lakh crore will be deposited in the bank accounts of the farmers directly.
The allotment of land will benefit the Madhya Pradesh Government for construction of its State Guest House with all modern facilities keeping in view their present and future requirements.
So I keep doing that
But those who are well acquainted with Sanskrit Subhashitas – epigrammatic verses, know very well that it is possible to make a crisp, precise statement, using very few words through the usage of subhashitas.
He said the average time taken for construction of a house has fallen from 18 months to 12 months.
He also mentioned the abolition of interviews for Group C and D positions in the Union Government.
Yogiji gave bountiful flexibility to his order, established an institution and then departed.
The Commission shall be known as the Commission to examine the sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes.
The project will be rolled out in the entire country in a phased manner.
Then go to the next and spend a like duration there.
These words instantly stirred up listeners with a rush of a new energy, a new fervour.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev on the day of their martyrdom.
He said significant investment has been made in Varanasi over the last four years.
That is how we achieved freedom.
Indian constitution is very powerful.
Lakhs of students have been enrolled with your institution.
You would have seen recently I urged everyone to pay taxes before 30th September.
However, today India is being discussed for – ‘reform, perform and transform’.
I shall lay the foundation stone for two key projects- AIIMS and IARI.
But recently I had a pleasant experience, real pleasant experience!
In conclusion, the Prime Minister said that the district collectors, are young and capable and could make resolutions for New India of 2022, in respect of their district.
My dear countrymen, this time the session of Parliament became the object of ire of our countrymen.
Led by Singapore, ASEAN is India’s leading source of investments.
I am impatient as several countries have gone ahead of us, I am restless and impatient to take my country ahead of all these countries.
India-Kenya ties have stood the test of time.
He inaugurated Garjee – Belonia Railway Line and several other development projects in the state.
“Saddened by the passing away of Shri Mohammad Asrarul Haque, the Lok Sabha MP from Kishanganj in Bihar.
An enabling alternate dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
Every morning, there is a uniquely pleasant scene of cleanliness here when all devotees join in the drive.
Our strategic partnership is built on a foundation of mutual respect, trust and shared interests in regional security and development.
Minister of External Affairs.
He said a large pool of skilled human resource has been created, especially in the rural areas.
His life is an inspiration to us, our society and the whole country.
I further expect that the agreements concluded today and our discussions will help boost practical cooperation in different sectors between India and Tajikistan.
The Prime Minister mentioned 13 crore loans being disbursed under the Mudra Yojana, and four crore loans out of this number, being disbursed to first time beneficiaries of such loans.
Our resources may be modest, but our will is boundless.
From counter-terrorism to defence and security.
The administrative control of the company was transferred from DHI to Ministry of Railways on 15/09/2010, as approved by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.
The invention of zero, foundation of this binary system happened with Aryabhatta’s work in India.
The establishment of UNESCO Category-2 Centre will provide an opportunity for India to emerge as a leading country in the Indian Ocean.
In view of the importance of the growth of the pharmaceutical Industry in both countries and importance of mutual cooperation in trade, production, research and development in the pharmaceutical sector, both Governments have been trying to establish a formal mechanism of bilateral cooperation.
His futuristic policies across various sectors touched the lives of each and every citizen of India.
We are also celebrating 25 years of ASEAN – India dialogue partnership.
India’s core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
“Birthday greetings to our beloved Atal Ji.
It seeks to enhance domestic steel consumption and ensure high quality steel production and create a technologically advanced and globally competitive steel industry.
Afghanistan should be at the centre of our connectivity networks, not peripheral to them.
He said that Delhi’s streets are now free from power brokers, and the voice of the poor is heard.
The amendment to the Protection of Human Rights Act, 1993 will make National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) more compliant with the Paris Principle concerning its autonomy, independence, pluralism and wide-ranging functions in order to effectively protect and promote human rights.
The same afternoon, the Prime Minister will arrive at Bharuch.
The Prime Minister had laid the foundation stone of this Centre in November 2014.
I feel blessed to be visiting God’s own country.
It will also improve utilization of CECA.
We are living in an age where one speech or one event can create multiple memes, forwards.
Shri Narendra Modi, today, laid the foundation stone of Shikshan Bhavan and Vidhyarthi Bhavan at Annapurna Dham Trust in Adalaj, Gujarat.
As young dynamic citizens of Kenya and as members of the African society, you would need to be watchful of those who spread radical ideologies.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and self-confidence.
As a result, anybody can trouble and harass us.
10. The leaders strongly condemned the recent terrorist attacks in many parts of the world, underlining their common concern about the global threat posed by terrorism and extremism.
(i) Indonesia for cooperation in youth and sports matters, and
The cooperation is achieved through exchange of information on developments in areas of railway technology & operations, knowledge sharing, technical visits, training & seminars and workshops in areas of mutual interest.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the inaugural event of the National Youth Festival at Rohtak, via video conferencing.
However, equally, connectivity in itself cannot override or undermine the sovereignty of other nations.
This government is for the sake of the people.
It was also agreed to intensify cooperation in the areas of training and capacity building of Maldives Police Service and Maldives National Defence Force.
How apt is the cartoon in today’s context!
The time limits have now been extended by one year from the earlier stipulated date of 31st March, 2016.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Economic Times Global Business Summit.
Rs.6,00,001 to Rs.12,00,000 (MIG-I) and Rs.12,00,001 to Rs.18,00,000 (MIG-II) per annum.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Labour and Employment.
The Agreement envisages establishing a Joint Committee to develop Work Plans in order to implement the Agreement.
*educate Afghanistan’s young and nurture their skills;
I do not know if everyone likes this or not, but I am saying it out of personal experience.
You would have seen how the issue of providing bullet proof jackets to Indian Army soldiers was kept hanging for years.
He spoke of the long shared heritage and emotional bonding that India has with the ASEAN region.
It would also provide swifter connectivity between Delhi and Ghazipur, he added.
b) Surrender of 5.23 acres of Naval land at Kakinada to the State Government of Andhra Pradesh.
So I would appeal to all guardians and parents to give not just enough time and attention to their children but also to everything that’s happenings in their school.
The Prime Minister said that all other things remaining the same, how has this change come about?
How can we retain the rainwater of the villages there itself and similarly preserve rainwater of cities therein.
If we have to match its strides and move ahead, research and innovation are the keys, these are its lifelines and moving spirit.
Through Pradhan Mantri Rashtriya Dialysis Program, Government has performed more than 22 lakh dialysis sessions for 2.25 lakh patients in more than 500 districts.
He said the elected political leadership would always be receptive to new, positive ideas, irrespective of ideology.
Such is the legacy of 125 crore Indians.
The first of July, the date of your foundation, gives you another opportunity to restore that faith.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the constitution of two committees for the commemoration of the birth centenary of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay.
Implementation strategy and targets:
He urged the youth of Manipur to take maximum advantage of the recently launched Khelo India Initiative.
Prime Minister Modi reaffirmed India’s commitment to take forward implementation of the Paris Agreement.
Setting up of the JWG on Counter Terrorism by India and Morocco would help cases relating to terrorist attacks.
He said that in the construction sector, there is now much greater focus on disaster-resilience, energy efficiency, and local innovation.
The country needs more and more scientists.
We also aim to develop a state-of-art transmission system which ensures that surplus power is transferred to other power deficient parts of the country.
He said that as civic services become available online, queues, which were a source of corruption, are being eliminated.
Within a span of 5 years, the student intake of the institute in various courses is expected to be over 400.
I invite one and all – Come, join the Cleanliness Campaign in this manner as well.
Repeal of the National Commission for Backward Classes Act, 1993 along with Savings Clause for namely the National Commission for Backward Classes (Repeal) Bill, 2017; and b.
The Chola rulers possessed a very rich and sound knowledge of ship building.
I see that power in India’s young generation today.
Phase and year of announcement in Budget
Denmark is a global leader in several niche technologies which are of relevance to India.
Shri Modi will also pay floral tribute at the Vigraha of Srila Prabhupad, the Acharya of ISCKON.
Towards this end, the Government of India issued a National Transit Oriented Development Policy in April 2017.
2. Short term training of human resources in health;
When people of the country feel this thing: yes, the economy is strong.
Our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, India has become the Asia Cup champion after an interval of ten years.
It will also facilitate movement of people on the basis of valid passports and visas which will enhance economic and social interaction between the two countries.
Congrats to our hockey team for winning the Asia Cup 2017.
The terms and conditions of such participation, would be determined by M/oP&NG in consultation with Ministry of Finance after conducting road shows to elicit requirements of market, including prospective investors.
I recall the active role played by Swami ji, in compiling the 11 volume Encyclopaedia of Hinduism.
Shri Rajiv Nayan Choubey, Secretary, Civil Aviation
3. The Sides reaffirmed their commitment to the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between India and Russia.
PM also extended greetings on the Chhatrapti Shivaji Maharaj Jayanti.
The history of India’s iron ore exports to Japan is almost six decades old and is a consistent component of India’s bilateral relations with Japan.
Friends, I have one more expectation from you since you can do it.
He said the real aim of Government initiatives is proper execution and touching people’s lives.
Above all, Cho Ramaswamy was a dear friend.
32. The Leaders expressed their shared commitment to strengthening the Economic Partnership between India and the EU and noted the ongoing efforts of both sides to re-engage actively towards timely relaunching negotiations for a comprehensive and mutually beneficial India-EU Broad Based Trade and Investment Agreement (BTIA).
100% implementation of single window system for payments & approvals in 16 states;
We have also undertaken deeper structural reforms which have added strengthto our economy and nation.
BRICS Under-17 Football Tournament 12.
The Prime Minister said foreign investment from Germany to India is rising, especially for the Make in India initiative.
Women are already empowered and now getting armed too.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to Former Prime Minister of India Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri, on his Punya Tithi.
Similarly, do you know that the number of trade-marks registered has also gone up from around sixty eight thousand in 2013-14 to around two point five lakh in 2016-17.
Amendment to the Central Excise Act, 1944; iv.
The 9th Vibrant Gujarat 2019 Summit will provide a forum for discussion on Global, National and State-level agendas with a sharp focus on all round economic development for a ‘New India’.
It also helped them in forging a common understanding of the future direction of India-China relations built upon mutual respect for each other’s developmental aspirations and prudent management of differences with mutual sensitivity.
Our conversation reminded me of my own memorable visit to Mauritius in March 2015.
c) To encourage cooperation through the exchange of programmes, propaganda and advertising materials, publications, films, promotion and marketing of their tourism products via media etc.
iii. The designated airlines of either country shall have the right to establish offices in the territory of the other country for the promotion and sale of air services.
I would like to convey to parents that we do exactly the same with our children.
Such a move can make a big difference.
The Union Government is committed to cooperative federalism.
The Agreement will stimulate the flow of exchange of information between India and Brunei for tax purposes which will help curb tax evasion and tax avoidance.
The Prime Minister elaborated upon his vision of Transfornation through Transportation, and said the Foundation Stone of the Poorvanchal Expressway at Azamgarh today was part of the same exercise.
I urge you all to build on this momentum in the times to come.
The Government would service the interest portion through the regular Plan assistance.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Ministry of Agriculture & Farmers’ Welfare and the Ministry of Agriculture in the State of Palestine on agriculture cooperation.
Addressing a large public meeting, the Prime Minister appreciated the State Government for the steps taken over the last two years to fulfil the aspirations of the people.
Just recently, I had the honour to join the programme for Shivaji Maharaj’s statue off the Arabian Sea.
“Deeply saddened at the tragic loss of Myanmar’s military transport plane.
It was heartening to see many eminent personalities encouraging our youth in interesting ways for Fit India.
Where did you travel to !
Lord Buddha’s message is as relevant in the twenty first century as it was two and a half millennia ago.
Shri Narendra Modi will flag off the Mahamana Express through a video link.
A number of institution-to-institution tie-ups have been concluded during this visit.
Irrespective of whether a civilian or security force personnel is injured or killed, the pain is felt by all of us.
I have been observing how GST has impacted the transport and logistics sector; how the movement of trucks has increased.
The GDP growth slipped to 5.7% or even lower 8 times during six years of the previous government.
This Center will be the first international Center in the eastern India and it will play a major role in harnessing and sustaining rice production in the region.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep abreast of developments across the world, even as they kept their Indianness intact.
• Provide an opportunity for promoting equity and social justice.
Such an eco system, such an environment that makes us think about the country, think about its future and our role, our duties in this thing every single moment.
The objective of the MoU is to explore the potential of cooperation in the framework of preparation and implementation of strategies and programs of social, economic, industrial and regional development.
It did not happen this time and there has not been any lag period after March.
He also talked about how NRIs can contribute to the success of Mahatma Gandhi’s dream, Swachh Bharat.
Prime Minister said BHU Cancer Centre and Bhabha Cancer Hospital, Lahartara will provide advanced treatment to patients from Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhatisgarh and other nearby states.
“I will be visiting Qingdao in China for the annual meeting of the Council of Heads of States of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO).
On GST, the Prime Minister asked collectors to explain to traders in their district, how it is a “Good and Simple Tax.”
My most sincere and heartfelt tributes to Malviyaji on his birth anniversary.
Besides the freedom fighters, spouses (widows.widowers), unmarried and unemployed daughters (up to maximum three at any point of time) and parents of deceased freedom fighters are eligible for pension under the Scheme.
If we talk about the three years of this government, then more than 22,000 megawatt renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
The fortitude displayed by Ram Niranjanji, father of Martyr Ratan Thakur of Bhagalpur, Bihar, in this moment of tribulation is truly inspiring.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry areas under this project.
My intention is to make India, which is already the cutting and polishing hub, into an International Diamond Trading Hub.
The Prime Minister visited an exhibition on Flagship Missions of Urban Development.
ARNAB: You spoke of Uttar Pradesh.
• Launches train from Rameswaram to Ayodhya, and other development projects
18. No law was passed for those having Benami property for years.
Hon. Dr. Uzziel NDAGIJIMANA Minister of Finance and Economic Planning
If you strive to hold it still, it would move beyond your grasp assuming new looks and forms.
The project created a global appeal to a beautiful Indian bhajan.
There is competition
I was completely new in the job.
The Prime Minister shall also address the gathering at Dahej, after completion of the voyage.
Therefore, the development of backward districts is imperative.
But now we live in independent India.
We can do a lot together to nurture and train this human capital which can serve the whole world.
Well, the question has been posed by Srishti, but it is a question that must be there in the minds of all of you.
Speaking on the occasion of the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhavan, the Prime Minister described it as a symbol of the cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
He said projects related to highways, railways, power, solar energy and petroleum sector, are all underway in the State of Himachal Pradesh.
The Prime Minister explained the significance of both the Intellectual Quotient, and the Emotional Quotient, in the life of a student.
Prime Minister welcomed the Congressional Representatives to India.
The Gond tribes in Central Indai stop fishing in some parts of Kaithan river during the breeding season.
The Buddhist monks used to travel to different countries carrying with them the rich ideals of Lord Buddha and this has been occurring throughout the ages.
All pre-existing conditions will be covered from day one of the policy.
1. The President of the Republic of Maldives, H.E. Mr Ibrahim Mohamed Solih, is on a State Visit to India from 16-18 December 2018 at the invitation of the Prime Minister of the Republic of India, H.E. Mr Narendra Modi.
National Institute of Ayurveda, Panchkula is being set up at Shri Mata Mansa Devi Temple Complex in Panchkula.
Noting the importance of Constitution Day, the Prime Minister said 26 January (our Republic Day) could not have been celebrated without 26 November.
Indian soldiers have served in blue helmets so that Africa’s children can look to a future of peace.
Dedicated Freight Corridors are being developed to mitigate the congestion of our railway network.
Organic farming, Blue revolution, sweet revolution and solar farming have opened up new vistas.
Women benefit the most from it.
The people of South Asia are joined by blood, shared history, culture, and aspirations.
The Suzuki plant at Maandal is exporting cars world-wide, and foundation has been laid for production of Lithium-ion batteries to power the next generation hybrid and electric vehicles.
The repealing of five admiralty statutes is in line with the Government’s commitment to do away with archaic laws which are hindering efficient governance.
Now when the same parameters have shown marked improvements, development is in the right direction, a handful of people are still having a look at it with their colored vision.
Let us ensure this journey of 2019 remains successful.
• Joint Declaration on India-Sweden Innovation Partnership for a Sustainable Future between Ministry of Science and Technology of India and the Ministry of Enterprise and Innovaion
In Congo and Southern Sudan more than twenty thousand patients were treated in hospitals of the Indian army and countless lives were saved.
Amid the din in Parliament, an excellent task was accomplished, which has not attracted due attention of the country.
In your clear eyes, I saw the deep well of affection for India.
e)Cooperation in the development of automation and implementation of modernization projects, new documentation and information systems in IP and procedures for management of IP;
I wish you all a successful and fruitful Ministerial Conference.
Certainly Not!
Prime Minister Modi reiterated India’s abiding commitment to supporting Myanmar in its efforts to build infrastructure and develop human resources capacity.
He said the Collectors of the 115 aspirational districts have the opportunity to earn lasting satisfaction, by delivering on development objectives.
Be it a small trader or a big trader, he should adopt the honest tax system inbuilt in the GST.
PM said, ” Navroz Mubarak to the Parsi community!
There will be record development.
I too enjoyed watching the match.
How to increase people’s participation?
Out of these, thirteen IIMs are located at Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Kolkata, Lucknow, Indore, Kozhikode, Shillong, Ranchi, Raipur, Rohtak, Kashipur, Trichy, Udaipur.
MoU on Cooperation between Diplomatic Academies of BRICS Countries 9.
Hence, CERT-In is collaborating with overseas Computer Emergency Response Teams (CERTs) for incident response and resolution.
2. To increase tourist arrivals in both countries from the entire world through the territories of India and Malta;
Initiating the interaction, the Prime Minister shared some key achievement, including how 450 districts in India have become Open Defecation Free within four years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today urged the Gems and Jewellery sector in India to look beyond the domestic market and establish a global presence.
Looked at in another way, did you ever imagine that 40 thousand crores could be injected into the banking system by contributions from the poor.
The implementation of the Scheme would be carried out under the overall supervision of Ministry of Electronics and IT in active collaboration with States/UTs through their designated State Implementing Agencies, District e-Governance Society (DeGS), etc.
But it is good that the monsoon is moving ahead on schedule on its natural course.
This scheme will help reduce the maternal mortality rate, in a big way.
MoU on Defence Cooperation.
The Global trade show is spread over an area of 200,000 sq.
Highlighting the development works undertaken by the Government, he said that a Government with total majority can take bold decisions and work freely for the development of the nation.
The Prime Minister mentioned Sikkim’s progress in organic farming.
At present there is shortage of Government accommodation in National Capital Region.
And as we peep into our history, we come to know that about 800 to 900 (eight to nine hundred) years ago, during the rule of the Cholas, the Chola Navy was considered one of the strongest navies.
The Australia-India Research Fund of nearly 100 million dollars has focused on collaborative research projects in the areas such as nano-technology, smart cities, infrastructure, agriculture and disease control.
Other aspects range from food processing to fiber optics, from road to shipping, concerns of youth to those of senior citizens, rural India to Ayushman India and Digital India to Start up India.
“Earth Day is a day of gratitude to Mother Earth and a day to reiterate our firm resolve to keep our planet clean and green.
16 year old player Tabaabi Devi hails from a village in Manipur.
Will also address a public meeting.
We are conscious that creating a defence industrial complex is far from simple.
He said today marks a special moment in the history of India.
The book was released by the President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee, at Rashtrapati Bhawan.
43. The two sides confirmed their interest in further strengthening the cooperation in the area of pharmaceuticals, including capacity building of the regulatory system with particular focus on inspections by creating a more structured and stable training environment.
Many such new categories of Divyaangs have been included thereby providing them for the first time justice and opportunities.
This University has nurtured students who have contributed greatly to the nation,” the Prime Minister said.
Mr. Kim congratulated the Prime Minister for India’s historic rise in the Ease of Doing Business rankings.
I salute the spirit of the young Jigar Thakkar & wish him the best.
As we work together for prosperity, we have stood together for peace.
· Shaping relationships networked with India’s economic priorities.
Shri Shanmugaratnam is one of the world’s leading intellectuals.
PM MODI: But why do you make them so big?
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Framework Agreement between India and Indonesia on cooperation in the exploration and uses of outer space for peaceful purposes.
Both leaders held detailed exchange of views on the national development plans and priorities.
6. Prime Minister Modi welcomed the recent changes initiated by His Royal Highness Crown Prince to bring in moderation and openness in Saudi Arabia while His Royal Highness the Crown Prince conveyed his appreciation for Indian model of ethos of inclusiveness, pluralism and tolerance.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Ghazipur in Uttar Pradesh today.
He expressed happiness that it is good to see more people being removed from the shackles of poverty.
Secondly, he spoke of higher acreage under exploration and sought cooperation of the developed countries both in terms of technology and extension of coverage.
He said they should also get all their vendors registered on GeM.
(Bharat Mata Ki Jay) Victory for Mother India,
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
Approximately118500 pensioners all over India will be benefitted by this revision.
The Union Government has embarked upon a major policy initiative for the rapid transformation of 115 districts that are lagging on specific development parameters.
· 8th Meeting of National Security Advisors – 28 to 29 June 2018 (Durban)
You might have seen that the gas connections to more than 3 crore families, to the poor families, to the poorest of the poor families have been provided so far.
The magazine further observed that amidst that plethora of problems, if there was anyone who possessed the capability to unite the country and heal wounds, it was SardarVallabhbhai Patel.
The job opportunities will be for the post of Director and three Non Faculty posts i.e. Registrar, Librarian and Principal Students Activity & Sports (SAS) Officer.
This group of youngsters has started a big campaign in Delhi for providing education to the street children and slum dwellers.
The bhakti saints used music, poetry, local languages to bring God closer to people – they broke the barriers of caste, class, religion and gender.
My dear countrymen, I convey my best wishes to all of you on this auspicious occasion of Independence Day.
Unfortunately, over time we seem to have neglected our individual and collective sense of duty.
Our foreign exchange reserves of more than 400 billion US dollars provide us enough cushion.
It is equally heartening to see that Indian companies have also made their presence felt in Germany.
BhagwanBirsaMunda not only waged a struggle against the British for political freedom; he also actively fought for the social & economic rights of the tribal folk.
I believe that all the parties and the leaders over the past few days whether individually or collectively, have shared the sentiments that we are committed to take best of the decisions for the benefit of the country and to carry the nation forward on a fast track.
He particularly urged the group to reach out to schoolchildren as part of their awareness activities in the cities they are transiting through.
I would like to once again thank you for your warm welcome and gracious hospitality, and for taking time out of your busy schedule for us.
And, be equally condemning of those who give shelter to terrorists and use them as political instruments.
The Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards achieving this vision.
And, non-state actors are significant contributors to the spread of such challenges.
It is also believed that the relationship developed between the two countries over the past few years is strategic in nature and is of mutual benefit.
Procurement from Micro and Small Enterprises by the Defence Public Sector Undertakings and Ordnance Factories has gone up from about Rs. 3300 crores in 2014-15 to over Rs. 4250 crores in 2016-17.
4) A National Aerogeophysical Mapping program will be launched to map the entire country with low altitude and close space flight to delineate the deep-seated and concealed mineral deposits.
Gifting 100 solar power irrigation pumps to Uganda for helping Uganda’s efforts in the development of agriculture.
This is a reflection of our commitment to provide houses to the poor people, to the middle class.
If a dispute arises, corporates want to resolve them quickly through arbitration, without going to courts.
We urge developed countries to honour their ODA commitments fully, in time and to provide additional development resources to developing countries in accordance with the Addis Ababa Action Agenda.
10. The two leaders agreed to further strengthen cooperation in combating terrorism, both at the bilateral level and within the multilateral system of the UN.
There is hardly any need to explain the importance of water to the people of Saurashtra and Kutch in Gujarat.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovation has a key role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel, closer to each other.
Some of the major schemes of this kind include Post Matric Scholarship, National Overseas Scholarship, Rajiv Gandhi National Fellowship, Top Class Education, Concessional Loans from National Scheduled Castes Finance and Development Corporation, Hostels for SC Boys and Girls etc.
When we speak about transformation in our country, we must think of our teachers as we do of our mothers.
It means that we have laid the new railway lines almost twice as fast.
For joining as members, the Institution should agree to escrow a specific amount from their internal accruals to HEFA for a period of 10 years.
But we have to work harder to rebuild Kerala.
You can make a short film even with your mobile phone.
A future of hope needs a solid bedrock of peace.
These include articles ranging from USB flash drives to cherry tomatoes.
BRICS Economic Forum (13-14 October 2016, Goa) 61.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of an Agreement for cooperation in the field of Agriculture and allied sectors between India and Portugal.
PM said, in a major initiative, over 1400 redundant laws were scrapped during this 16th Lok Sabha.
He said soon, the target of electrifying these villages will be accomplished.
Saddened by his passing away.
India needs to go digital in public service delivery JAM trinity got us there.
“This is C.N.R. Rao from Bangalore.
So far 21 projects have been completed.
It is my honour to join these celebrations with President Maithripala Sirisena and Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Heartiest felicitations to all of you.
Now, we have gone a step further and we are ensuring every household in India has access to electricity, he said.
Some of the important decisions of the Cabinet are mentioned below:
The MoU will further enhance bilateral cooperation between the two countries in the area of Medicinal Plants.
Had former rulers been proactive Kartarpur Sahib would have been part of India, he added.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved amendments in the Model Concession Agreement (MCA) to make the Port Projects more investor-friendly and make investment climate in the Port Sector more attractive.
The capacity addition in solar energy in FY17 was the highest-ever, at 81%.
I read these myself and shall try to express them in whatever time I have with me on 15th August.
His father earns his daily bread by waste-picking.
The MoU was signed at New Delhi on 25th September 2018.
We have to successfully carry it forward, and that is why in the name of faith, violence cannot be allowed.
Demonetistion has dealt a severe blow to these trades.
Our defence scientists too, have made India proud.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household of the country.
He said India will soon become a 5 trillion dollar economy.
America’s Tao Porchon-Lynch will leave you astounded, Lynch has become a living institution of yoga today.
India has over 460 million internet users and 1.2 billion mobile phones in use.
This time the theme is ‘Beat Plastic Pollution’.
China’s belt and road initiative, and climate change, also figured in the discussions.
(i) The Commission shall examine requests for inclusion of any class of citizens as a backward class in the lists and hear complaints of over-inclusion or under-inclusion of any backward class in such lists and tender such advice to the Central Government as it deems appropriate.
They can contribute to a cleaner environment, generate additional income for farmers, and generate employment in rural areas.
NBCC and HSCL will benefit from each other’s resources and expertise.
We have inherited the wisdom of Lord Buddha throughout Asia as part of our legacy.
I am also grateful to our revered Murari Bapu for such a nice message.
General Ngo Xuan Lich briefed the Prime Minister on the progress achieved in bilateral defence cooperation.
ARNAB: You were an unknown entity in foreign policy
They also noted with pleasure the excellent exchanges between Indian and Myanmar Parliamentarians and encouraged them to further enhance such interaction.
In 2017 malaria incidence went down by 30% and deaths due to malaria decreased by 70%;
In a broader context, media is a means of transforming society.
The approval also marks a statement of strong belief in the capability of India’s scientific community to build our technological capacities.
The Bodo Accord was signed in 2003 which resulted in the establishment of a Bodoland Territorial Council under Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Their grit and zeal, is inspiring for all of us.
While our achievements have been substantial, we need to sustain the positive direction and strong momentum of intra-BRICS engagement.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Convention Center whose Foundation Stone was laid today.
He said their contribution extends far beyond those who benefited from their efforts, and serves as inspiration for the society.
The Agreement is aimed at identifying, assessing, developing and commercializing globally competitive technologies from India and Belarus.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today unveiled several development schemes in Varanasi.
PM said the 3 aspects of Health-: Nutrition, Immunization and Cleanliness have been given priority by his Government and National Nutrition Mission, Mission Indradhanush and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan are major initiatives.
He also motivated them to keep cleanliness in their respective wards.
iii. The Election Commission of Bhutan;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the loss of lives and injuries sustained by the persons in the stampede of 15-10-2016 at Rajghat bridge between Varanasi and Chandauli, Uttar Pradesh.
Had the House functioned properly, there would have been comprehensive deliberation.
He emphasized on the vision of Housing for All, Power for All, Clean Cooking for All, Water for All, Sanitation for All, Skill for All, Health for All, Insurance for All, and Connectivity for All.
Football is a passion here and is played in every nook and corner.
This campaign will facilitate villagers for electronic transactions and availing Government services digitally.
He said people have also been given relief, as far as income tax is concerned.
The total FDI inflows in the last two and a half years have touched US Dollars one hundred and thirty billion.
Achievements such as hundred percent electrification, and increased LPG coverage, are possible only through people’s involvement.
The Prime Minister said that the ASEAN region is very important for India.
I am sure that all political parties, all governments, social services organizations, the media and indeed all sections of the society will take part in this with enthusiasm and make it a success.
Whether something is good, little less effective or bad, whatever it is, one has to learn from it and move ahead in life putting the learning from it into practice.
If you know a poor person who is unable to procure treatment due to lack of money, do inform him about this scheme.
We did not interrogate anyone but only analyzed the data.
Winter is on its way out.
In addition, a total of 156 ship days and 399 flying hours, involving 10 ships and 7 types of aircraft have been utilised by the Indian Navy.
This is my experience and it might be of help to you as well.
In Independent India our Mantra should be “Good Governance is my birthright”.
But as a friend, I want to suggest you certain tips about of how to utilize your vacation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people across Tripura, on the Jayanti of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur.
We have taken care of all these things.
It is not about playing with words; those who are associated with the world of oratory are well aware that just playing with words can never touch anybody’s heart.
In such a scenario, Consumer Protection is an important component which enhances and strengthens trade in this region.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
And when we prevail over ourselves, then the motivation to do better becomes innate, you don’t need any external sources of energy.
In the Constitution given to us by Dr. Baba Saheb Ambedkar there is every provision for ensuring justice for each and every person.
40. To enhance further cooperation in the Counter-terrorism efforts and benefit mutually from real-time intelligence sharing, the two sides agreed to constitute a ‘Comprehensive Security Dialogue’ at the level of National Security Advisors and set up a Joint Working Group on Counter-Terrorism.
Since we are referring to healthcare, I would like to mention the social endeavour of doctors in Bijnor, Uttar Pradesh.
I have got several opportunities to come to Udupi.
This network will also explore new learning technologies, including virtual network to deepen cooperation, exchange of information and capacity building.
As the leaders of the State Parties to the UNCLOS, they emphasized that all parties should show utmost respect to the UNCLOS, which establishes the international legal order of the seas and oceans.
The paid up equity capital of the company will become 1619.3 crore.
I am sure that my suggestions there will be of substantial help while they sit for their examinations.
India and Portugal enjoy excellent bilateral relationship with each other with frequent and active interaction through different platforms that allow both countries to exchange views on many of common issues of concern.
The Sides welcomed consultations on the new Russian designed NPP in India, as well as on the NPP equipment joint manufacturing of nuclear equipment; cooperation in third countries.
Even the basic amenities such as electricity connection, water connection, a small house, Life Insurance are far from accessible.
This gives us new hope.
Congratulations Tejaswini Sawant for the Gold in the women’s 50m Rifle 3 Positions event.
4. Development of inter-modal transport, logistics parks and freight terminals;
PM will also distribute certificates/ cheques under Maharashtra State Rural Livelihoods Mission (MSRLM) to women SHGs.
Yes, for many families, the first part of the year is Exam Season.
I wish you all, a productive, fruitful, and enjoyable Summit.In Gujarat, this is the season of the kite festivalor Uttarayan.
While returning from Sumdo, the Prime Minister halted briefly at a nearby village – Chango.
He will address the gathering.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare for the poor.
And this will also mean continuing our attack on corruption.
We see a particular synergy between Thai strengths in infrastructure, particularly tourism infrastructure, and India’s priorities in this field.
53 students from Sikkim and Ladakh, who are part of two ITBP excursion groups visiting different parts of India, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
Colony, Tughlakabad)
Whereas we hear of a polling station at 15,000 feet above mean sea level in Himachal Pradesh we also learn about the same being organised in remote islands of the Andaman Nicobar archipelago.
Our Constitution was adopted on 26th November, 1949.
This reality cannot be wished away.
State of Art, Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences to be inaugurated in Ahmedabad
Ekta has won the gold and bronze medals in World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 held in Tunisia.
He said that currently, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world and could be the second largest economy in the world by 2030 and also the third largest energy consumer in the world.
During the visit, he will launch the State Integrated Cooperative Development Project and distribute loan cheques to select beneficiaries of Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Farmers Welfare Scheme.
A large number of major and medium irrigation projects taken up under Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP) were languishing mainly due to inadequate provision of funds.
We believe in peace.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Monday reviewed the progress of preparations towards the launch of the ambitious Health Assurance programme under Ayushman Bharat.
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
1. We, the Heads of State and Government of the Federative Republic of Brazil, the Russian Federation, the Republic of India, the People’s Republic of China and the Republic of South Africa, met from 25 – 27 July 2018 in Johannesburg, at the 10th BRICS Summit.
I once again bow in reverence to Sant Ravidas ji.
This should not be an issue of blame game that the state government did not do certain things and that the Centre did not do certain things.
The central message of Saint Shri Ramanujacharya’s life was inclusive society, religion and philosophy.
23. The two sides agreed to increase the level of participation in infrastructure projects in both countries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and United Kingdom (UK) to support Ease of Doing Business in India.
He appreciated the 2030 vision document of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
The Government is making procurement through this portal.
He also offered floral tributes at the statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, and planted a sapling.
He said political parties and chambers of industry should keep in mind the country’s requirements and the feelings of the people, and work accordingly.
The Ministry of AYUSH as a part of its mandate to propagate Indian systems of Medicine globally has taken effective steps by entering into MoU with China, Malaysia, Trinidad & Tobago Hungary, Bangladesh, Nepal, Mauritius, Mongolia and Myanmar.
We note that India will become the third largest aviation market by 2020 and in this connection, recognize that the Regional Connectivity Scheme of the Government of India provides an opportunity for strengthening cooperation in joint production and setting up of joint ventures in India in the field of aviation manufacturing to serve the demand created and for export to third countries.
I am sure reverberations of the spirit of football will be heard all around.
I don’t have any reasons to feel tired as the people of the country, people of Gujarat, people of Rajkot continue to shower me with so much love.
The Cabinet also approved the introduction of a Bill in Parliament to repeal the State Bank of India (Subsidiary Banks) Act, 1959 and the State Bank of Hyderabad Act, 1956.
Let me in the end thank you Excellency the President for your friendship and for receiving me so warmly.
Under decades of Apartheid isolation, they not only preserved their culture, traditions and language.
The decision will benefit the families of 9777 Officers and other personnel of Defence Services who died or were invalidated out of service during this period.
This is the bitter truth of our country, my beloved companions.
Excellency Prime Minister Najib,
Those of you who might be getting a chance to visit Tamilnadu might have noticed that in some temples in the state, there are carvings on stone depicting irrigation system, water conservation methods and drought management.
§ A special focus of the revamped structure would be to maintain required ecological flows in the river Ganga with the aim of ensuring water quality and environmentally sustainable development.
The role of the Guru is to interpret the eternal values in the context of the times – so that, like a river that flows, and renews itself as it flows, the stream of knowledge is ever fresh and vibrant.
It comprises festivals all around the year as well as the movements of the celestial bodies.
Slowly this paper-currency will be replaced by the digital currency.
He observed that rescue of people who are still marooned remains the topmost priority.
Queen Maxima appreciated India’s efforts in this direction, through the Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation (ITEC) scheme and provision of concessional Lines of Credit for development projects abroad, based on the host government’s requirements and priorities.
I believe that this is an excellent example of Minimum Government and Maximum Governance, and it’s objective is Minimum Price and Maximum Ease, Efficiency and Transparency.
If we were to change the way we look at exams then we would be tension-free.
Noted with appreciation utilization of the training and scholarship slots by Ugandans under India Technical and Economic Cooperation (ITEC), India Africa Forum Summit (IAFS), Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), etc.,
In 1942, the need of the hour was to free India from colonialism.
India enjoys deep friendship and multi-dimensional ties with the Member States of the SCO.
But if we reflect upon the Gandhi of a hundred years ago, the Gandhi of the Champaran Satyagraha, that would be a subject of deep study for anyone about to enter public life.
• With the roll out of the National Steel Policy-2017, it is envisaged that the industry will be steered in creating an environment for promoting domestic steel and thereby ensuring a scenario where production meets the anticipated pace of growth in consumption, through a technologically advanced and globally competitive steel industry.
Not only the elders but children also have become aware about cleanliness.
I have special relationship with the Krishna idol installed in this temple.
The MoU covers various activities in these fields which include agricultural research, animal husbandry and dairy, livestock and fisheries horticulture, natural resource management, post-harvest management and marketing, soil and conservation, water management, irrigation farming systems development and integrated watershed development integrated pest management, agricultural plant, machinery and implements, sanitary and phytosanitary issues.
Even the cause of the cleanliness campaign will get a boost, and when we celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, we’ll surely attain a sense of fulfillment.
He reaffirmed India’s commitment to a robust and strong bilateral strategic partnership with the US.
He added that their efforts have ensured that Indian Passport is respected everywhere.
The Highlights of Vibrant Gujarat 2019 include among others-
Until October 2015, when Narendra Modi hosted Netaji’s extended family at his residence.
CEOs and Experts from the Oil and Gas sector, from both India and abroad, met Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
35. To address the threat of chemical and biological terrorism, we support and emphasise the need for launching multilateral negotiations on an international convention for the suppression of acts of chemical and biological terrorism, including at the Conference on Disarmament.
The mere mention of Abdul Kalamji’s name brings to mind vivid images of science, technology, missiles – in fact the entire spectrum of strengths and capabilities of India in the days to come.
We are also partners in South Africa’s skill development efforts.
The Union Cabinet today accorded ex post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers’ Welfare, India and the Ministry of Fisheries, Marine Resource and Agriculture, Maldives signed on 17th December, 2018 during the State visit of President of Maldives to India.
He said that this a step towards transparency and accountability.
Brothers and sisters, look at the agony of this young daughter, the 11th class student.
After that the waste can easily be redirected to the other pit.
• A Phased Manufacturing Program (PMP) will be launched to localize production across the entire EV value chain.
Some people are spreading rumours that political parties enjoy all kinds of concessions.
We would also like to offer dedicated training courses at the Indian Academy of Highway Engineers for ASEAN Highway Professionals.
At the meeting with selected CEOs from Indonesia and India on 13 December 2016, the report from Co-Chairs of the CEOs’ Forum held on 12 December 2016 was delivered to Presiden Joko Widodo.
8. From 10th November till 24th November the limit for such exchange will be four thousand rupees.
Mr. Tilak Marapana, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Sri Lanka paid a courtesy call on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon.
The United States called on NSG Participating Governments to support India’s application when it comes up at the NSG Plenary later this month.
We often hear of new ideas and understand them.
In a lighter vein I am, of course, glad that our decisions are not subject to the D.R.S. review system.
Three lakh companies were shut down after demonetisation and nobody thought black money could be curbed, said the PM.
Prime Minister laid the foundation Stone of 30,000 houses under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
The two leaders also reiterated the significance of longstanding partnership in the military, security and nuclear energy fields and welcomed the ongoing cooperation in these areas.
There are no financial implications of the Bill.
He added that the 19th Kushok Bakula Rinpoche distinguished himself as an outstanding diplomat.
The first set of copper plates is a cherished relic for the Cochini Jews in India.
To accomplish the dream of “New India,” this is a golden opportunity for all of us to work together.
The Prime Minister had a special word of appreciation for the boatmen (Naviks) involved in Kumbh as well.
The sector wise project details are as follows –
v.Professional Advisory Bodies under Central and State Councils will examine issues independently and provide recommendations relating to specific recognised categories.
Our work holds much meaning for the developing world.
He said that the Union Government has decided that for all notified crops, MSP will be at least one and a half times the cost.
The Prime Minister spoke of his visit to the Tsunami memorial – Wall of Lost Souls – just before arriving for this function.
I get a variety of letters, written by all sorts of people.
Later, I will also pay my respects to the courageous Indian soldiers who laid down their lives during the liberation of Haifa in 1918.
6. Other areas of cooperation that may be jointly decided upon by both the Sides.
He dedicated, inaugurated or laid the foundation stone of projects worth over Rs. 2400 crore.
But I do intend to try this time to shorten my speech.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi.
Shri Sanjiv Singh, Chairman, IOCL
I am particularly pleased that with Prime Minister Mark, his four Cabinet colleagues, the Mayor of the Hague and more than 200 business representatives have also come to India.
The Emir of Qatar Sheikh Tamim bin Ahmad bin Khalifa Al Thani called the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today over telephone.
Recently 30 nano satellites were launched.”
We have to create the India that our freedom fighters dreamt of, Shri Narendra Modi asserted.
After 2014,hesitations have been replaced by hope.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited Lucknow.
The identified areas of cooperation inter alia include high speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure, etc.
And, of putting Afghanistan and its people first.
A baseless allegation is being made, about the Terms of Reference of the 15th Finance Commission, being biased against certain states, or a particular region.
MoU/Agreement
Therefore this government is trying to develop those places that are associated with the life of Babasaheb as pilgrimage centres.
“I had not cast my vote … that day I did not go and vote … and as a result, my Country has borne the brunt “.
I am delighted to have the opportunity to welcome President Tusk and President Juncker for the 14th India-EU Summit.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs.
This innovative idea, inspired by the Prime Minister, will be a catalyst for transformation of rail and transport sector towards New India.
The Union Government will also provide Rs. 100 crore for carrying out a study to synergize efforts towards finding time-bound long term solutions to recurrent floods in the region.
Shri Narendra Modi said that there are several police personnel who have given their lives for our nation, and it is important to know about their sacrifices.
Meetings of BRICS Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors (14 April 2016, Washington; 14 October 2016, Goa) 8.
“Kuldip Nayar was an intellectual giant of our times.
There is always some effort made in this direction, but still the apathy on this issue is a crime against society.
Construction of own permanent school building by KVS will enable the school authorities to build optimal infrastructure to meet the educational requirements of the serving personnel.
The Prime Minister said a new system has been developed for monitoring the quality of houses constructed under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana.
Binjhia”.
But while our women are valiantly moving ahead in such large numbers, we also come across gruesome ugliness.
Later he made critical remarks against senior bureaucrats.
This year, UN has chosen a valid theme- wastewater.
In the process of nation building, we often arrive at a moment which leads us to a path breaking juncture and opens up a plethora of opportunities imploring us to aspire for new dreams.
Agreement on Film-co-production between India and Israel
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the guidance he received from President Pranab Mukherjee will help him immensely.
Is an examination, an exam for life, or is it an exam for a particular grade like Class 10 or 12, he asked the gathering.
This year marks the centenary of the Champaran Satyagraha.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC) between India and Japan for cooperation in the Postal field.
Every day, effluents and garbage in a large quantity flow into Ganga through drains.
Every countryman should make a resolve, every countryman should prepare a 5-year roadmap to realise that resolve.
New cities will be important in creating the new India of our dreams:
He said the 12000 HP engines, the first of which rolled out today, will help in significantly improving the speeds of goods trains.
Both cultures value education.
My dear countrymen, Vineeta ji from Gurugram- has posted on MyGov that in Mann Ki Baat I should talk about the “Constitution Day” which falls on the26th November.
If it is taken up in organized way, even one lakh would be small number.
We will work to foster the democratization and reform of global political, economic, financial and social institutions, for them to better accommodate the interests of all members of the international community.
Addressing Panchayati Raj representatives across the country, from Mandla, the Prime Minister recalled Mahatma Gandhi’s call for Gramoday to Rashtroday, and Gram Swaraj.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is less vulnerable to banking distress among the major economies.
We also believe, that the primary responsibility for peace, prosperity and security in the Indian Ocean rests with those who live in this region.
The two leaders welcomed the signing of the framework agreement for participation of the Qatari institutional investors in the National Infrastructure and Investment Fund.
He directed that insurance companies must dispatch their observers quickly to the flood hit areas to assess the farmer’s claims related to crop insurance and provide them relief at the earliest..
The ICAI is a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament of India namely The Chartered Accountants Act, 1949 to regulate the profession of Chartered Accountancy in India.
They have left no stone unturned as saviors of those trapped in the floods.
Considering that Kenya’s economy is one of the top amongst the African countries and the kind of investments and trusts entrusted by the two counties in the recent past, India’s Chartered Accountants have already been playing a significant role in the economic growth of the country; there is a lot of scope for professional opportunities for Indian Chartered Accountants in Kenya.
Climate change, altered weather cycles, and transformations in the environment, are also having a big negative impact.
It will also result in optimal utilization of the existing infrastructure of district hospitals and improve tertiary care facilities for the people of the two UTs and adjoining areas.
All around, there is a deluge of strong feelings of sympathy for the martyrs & their family members.
Leaders also agreed to further intensify cooperation on addressing environmental challenges, such as water management and air pollution, acknowledged the progress in implementing the India-EU Water Partnership, including an agreed action programme, the increased cooperation opportunities on research and innovation, looking forward to the third India-EU Water Forum later in the month.
He urged States to come out of the silos, and work cohesively with the Centre and which each other.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Anjar.
India has gained international recognition for ten out of its eighteen Biosphere reserves under UNESCO’s Man and Biosphere programme.
We have already provided free treatment worth 700 Crore rupees to 5 lakh families under this scheme within 10 weeks of its launch.
He stressed that growth and development of Jammu and Kashmir is high on his agenda.
The Prime Minister said that at a time when the world is keen to engage with India, the “fear of the unknown” can be the biggest obstacle, which the Indian diaspora can help overcome.
The Government of India, Army personnel, Air Force personnel, NDRF personnel, Paramilitary forces – everybody does his or her best in providing succour to the disaster stricken people.
40. We have decided to raise pensions for freedom fighters by 20 per cent.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of India joining as Member of Advanced Motor Fuels Technology Collaboration Programme (AMF TCP)under International Energy Agency (IEA) on 9thMay, 2018.
Friends, apart from Rakshabandhan, ShravanPoornima is also celebrated as Sanskrit Day.
I will also be honoured to visit the Constitutional Hill and Nelson Mandela Foundation where I would pay my tributes to an icon of human history, who made his country and the world a much better place.
Professor Bose was a crusader for teaching of science in vernacular languages.
3. NHM has helped the country achieve the MDGs and will be the principal vehicle to achieve the SDG 3 targets including the target for UHC.
Thus we should strive to retain as much water as possible.
In course of the presentation made by NITI Aayog, it was noted that there has been phenomenal progress in several key sectors, including renewable energy, and railways.
A parent expressed an apprehension that her son was once good in studies, but is now distracted by online games.
I wish President Atambaev a memorable and productive visit in India.
“Spoke to Karnataka CM Shri H D Kumaraswamy Ji regarding the flood situation in parts of the state.
ARNAB: Final question to you Mr Prime Minister, what motivates you the most?
He said that airports in remote areas, rail connectivity in parts of the North East, rural roads and highways have become a part of the Union Government’s identity.
Your visit provides an opportunity to break new ground and shape new contours of our partnership.
Mahatma Gandhi too, advocated this trusteeship philosophy.
Mahatma Gandhi had advocated this wisdom at every step of his life.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar would spur the industrial development of Odisha, and work towards technology to improve the lives of the people.
The subscription under the MGPSY was very low and no new subscription was received for more than a year.
The draft Agreement takes care of Indian Customs’ concerns and requirements, particularly in the area of exchange of information on the correctness of the Customs value declared and authenticity of certificates of origin of the goods traded between the two countries.
I wish to thank and congratulate those of you who are already in India.
Heartiest greetings to all fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion.
CES(Roads) Cadre strength will be revised as under:-
He added that it will bring in ‘Ease of Living’, along with environment friendly travelling.
2. His Royal Highness the Crown Prince was accorded a ceremonial welcome on February 20, 2019 at the Forecourt of the Rashtrapati Bhawan, New Delhi.
But, you must have noticed and felt it while you heard me speak how fit and brimming with confidence I am.
Let us see what the various experiences are.
PM also emphasized the importance of preventive health care and said the world has recognized the role of Yoga for wellness.
PM to inaugurate Garjee – Belonia Railway Line in Tripura
I’ve been told that Assam Government has decided to grant a 10% discount on property tax and business license fee if payments are made through digital transaction.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has thanked the leaders and members of all the parties on the occasion of passage of the GST Bill in the Rajya Sabha.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, arrived in Leh on the first leg of a day-long visit to Jammu and Kashmir today.
President Atambayev and I agreed on the need to connect our economies more deeply.
PM to inaugurate Ahmedabad Shopping Festival-2019 tomorrow
The United States and India share common climate and clean energy interests and are close partners in the fight against climate change.
• Acquisition of entire 51% equity held by the Non-Government Institutions in GSTN equally by the Centre and the State Governments and allow GSTN Board to initiate the process for acquisition of equity held by the private companies.
Apart from bilateral issues, Prime Minister Jugnauth and I also exchanged views on a range of regional and global issues.
4. ICAI will collaborate to provide seminars and workshops for HCT students and faculty;
This will be facilitated by Ministry of Steel, in coordination with relevant Ministries, as may be required.
He also launched the 10th CGD bidding round.
This will be my second visit to the Republic of Korea and my second Summit meeting with President Moon.
My thoughts are with the bereaved families.
Interacting with the global leaders of the energy sector, Prime Minister highlighted the significant positioning of India in the oil and gas market.
This is the purpose of the Transforming India Lecture Series.
With respect to space, cooperation is expected to include development and cooperation of next generation nano and micro satellites.
All airlines can commence international operations provided they deploy 20 aircraft or 20% of total capacity (in term of average number of seats on all departures put together), whichever is higher, for domestic operations.
I hope that we will enrich and take advantage of this forum.
I assume that respect for authenticity and faith in scientific approach are inherent to these objectives.
Ruchika Dabas has sent a message on my App and shared her experience.
It is an effective framework to deal with all issues requiring mutual assistance and cooperation in the areas identified.
This is our New India!
President Widodo briefed Prime Minister Modi on Indonesia’s recent reforms and steps taken to enhance the ease of doing business in Indonesia and invited Indian companies to invest in pharmaceuticals, infrastructure, IT, energy and in manufacturing industries.
This was the movements where the slogan of ‘Quit India’ was on everyone’s lips.
Over 500 Indian managers have benefited by this programme so far.
At the memorial site, he also unveiled statues of Mahatma Gandhi and 80 Satyagrahis who had marched with him during the historic Dandi Salt March in 1930 to make salt from sea water against the British law.
The MoU was signed on 17th February, 2018 during the visit of the President of Iran to India.
I bow to him on his birth anniversary.
Some people even now try to follow the path shown by Lokmanya Tilak ji.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated all those associated with ICSI.
All these festivals may carry different names but the underlying or inherent feeling of celebrating them is singular – these are harvest festivals and somewhere or the other are connected with crops and farming, connected with the farmer, with the village and with our barns.
I shall inaugurate & lay the foundation stone for various projects of the Kandla Port and address a public meeting at Gandhidham.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is determined to make the farmers capable and empowered.
We have linked our entire future to the monsoons.
He said that the protection of human rights has been an important part of our culture.
The Prime Minister said that change has been initiated in the entire ecosystem of defence procurement.
The decision will put in place an institutionalized mechanism within the Government for speedy resolution of commercial disputes of CPSEs without the matter being referred to the Courts of law.
Further, indirect employment generation will take place due to facilities & services like shopping centre, canteens, etc. coming in the vicinity of new AIIMS.
• production of aviation grade biofuel;
He asked collectors to listen carefully to the poor, who approach them with their grievances.
Our youth have benefitted quite a lot from ‘Start-Ups’.
We, the Prime Minister of the People’s Republic of Bangladesh, the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Bhutan, the Prime Minister of the Republic of India, the State Counsellor of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar, the Prime Minister of Nepal, the President of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and the Special Envoy of the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Thailand, met in Goa on 16 October 2016 for the BRICS-BIMSTEC Outreach Summit.
To the people who have undisclosed income, the Government of India has given a chance to declare such income.
The Government is committed to early introduction of GST, one of the biggest reforms, in the country as early as possible.
The Car festival of Lord Jagannath, the Rath Yatra, is being celebrated in several parts of the country with great piety and fervour.
Chennai’s contribution to our rich culture is precious.
It is now recognized as a global best practice.
Whether it be the field of sports, any kind of competition or a social initiative, our Divyang brethren are second to none.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Kenya (ICPAK).
It was South Africa, where Mohan transformed into the ‘Mahatma’.
Five banks from the BRIC nations had established the BRICS Interbank Co-operation Mechanism to enhance trade and economic relations amongst the BRIC countries, and enterprises.
May the year ahead be characterised by positivity and good health.
In recent years, we have also taken various initiatives like Make In India, Startup India, and Atal Innovation Mission, to encourage innovation and entrepreneurship in the Indian commercial eco-system.
Recently, the 17th National Para-Swimming Competition was held in Udaipur.
Our active partnership across various facets and forums is a testimony to the fact that such engagement is possible.
He said that the integration of India by Sardar Patel, has resulted today in India’s march towards becoming a big economic and strategic power.
Ladies and Gentlemen, India’s economy currently at 2.6 trillion dollars is the fastest growing major economy of the world.
2. It has been decided to permit single brand retail trading entity to set off its incremental sourcing of goods from India for global operations during initial 5 years, beginning 1st April of the year of the opening of first store against the mandatory sourcing requirement of 30% of purchases from India.
•Indian Railways on the path of modernization through widespread technological and infrastructure upgradation
He spoke of the rich and glorious history and culture of the Kutch region.
The Government is well aware, that in this period, you had to queue up, and face difficulty in withdrawing your own money.
Prime Minister welcomed increased exchanges between the legislatures of both countries.
This is not merely the production of pulses but a yeoman service rendered by the farmers to the poor of my country.
The National Mission on Transformative Mobility and Battery Storage will determine the contours of PMP, and will finalise the details of such a program.
He had presented such a big truth of life in such simple words for the society.
This survey will cover a population of more than 40 crores in more than four thousand cities.
Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
Place of Birth: Dasa, Distt.
Offences committed by enforcing authorities
Yet, this brave heart from the Navy kept struggling for many days in mid-ocean.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched Mission Bhagiratha at Komatibanda Village, Gajwel, in Medak District of Telangana.
A large number of Self Help Groups are also benefiting through credit linkages by North Eastern Development Financial Institution with the component of interest subsidy being provided by Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region.
He and his people have also gone out of their way to tap into this sentiment by organizing a rally for the local Indian community in Tel Aviv on July 5, to be led by Modi himself.
These could be in great demand, and create great economic opportunity, if marketed well, he added.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone for Vanijya Bhawan, a new office complex for the Union Government’s Department of Commerce, at New Delhi.
He noted that rules for MNREGA were also changed over a thousand times.
• Message of Sufism not just confined to combating terrorism, but encompasses creed of “Sab Ka Saath, Sab Ka Vikaas”: PM
He started the Bengali science magazine Gyan-o-Bigyan.
• Relaxation of norm of one MMU per 10 lakh population in cases where patients served through existing MMUs exceeds 60 patients per day in plain areas and 30 patients per day in hilly areas, on a case to case basis.
“The valour of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose makes every Indian proud.
Also spoken to Minister Dharmendra Pradhan and asked him to ensure all possible help to the injured and affected.
BRICS PARTNERSHIP FOR GLOBAL ECONOMIC RECOVERY, REFORM OF FINANCIAL AND ECONOMIC GLOBAL GOVERNANCE INSTITUTIONS, AND THE FOURTH INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION
It is about India having acquired a great capability.
The decision will pave the way for a need based strengthening of the Economic and Monitoring Wing of the Ministry of Rural Development for managing and carrying out evaluation studies of Rural Development programmes.
• Collaboration in livestock health and husbandry, breeding dairying and fisheries
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its ex-post facto approval for amendment of Section 64 and section 65 and consequential amendment of section 115 of the Factories Act, 1948 by introducing the Factories (Amendment) Bill, 2016 in the Parliament.
Through its highly competitive launch services, India today not only propels satellites of developing countries but also those of developed nations.
PM MODI: I have a humourous side but these days humour can be a risky thing
In order to maintain domestic prices at reasonable levels, the Government has allowed import of a restricted quantity of 5 lakh MT of raw sugar at zero duty by millers/refiners having their own refining capacity.
(b) Encourage co-operation between India and Singapore on:
Memorandum of Understanding between Nissan Steel Industry Co., Ltd., Japan and Ministry of Food Processing Industries, Government of India
There is competition as to whether all habitations will be connected by road first or all homes will get gas connection first.
(a) CRZ-III A – These are densely populated rural areas with a population density of 2161 per square kilometre as per 2011 Census.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Kedarnath today.
This is a part of our country’s culture and tradition.
A few days from now, the pious occasion of Id-e-milad-un-nabi will be observed.
He hoped that the new office building – Vanijya Bhawan – would further facilitate elimination of silos in India’s commerce sector.
Exchange of best practices, experiences and knowledge on how to raise IP awareness among the public, businesses and educational institutions of both countries;
He will address Civil Servants on this occasion.
The Prime Minister also inaugurated the Sahibganj Sewerage Treatment Plant, and the Madhusudan Ghat, under the NamamiGange initiative.
He will lay the Foundation Stone for an additional six Rural Water Supply Schemes in these two districts, and an Urban Water Supply Scheme in Hazaribagh.
On Sunday, the Prime Minister will inaugurate Phase 1, which is passenger movement.
Thank you very very much.
Both sides noted the ongoing cooperation between educational institutions on the institutionalization of university-to-university linkages to facilitate faculty exchange, teachers’ training and double-degree programmes.
The Rt. Hon. Boris Johnson, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs of UK, called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
The allocation of 85% power from PTPS expansion project (4000MW) was prime condition in the Joint Venture Agreement between Government of Jharkhand and NTPC Ltd. for 4000 MW capacity expansion of PTPS.
It is also a matter of exultation for us that this entire campaign was led and steered by our young scientists, our women scientists.
He will inaugurate the 106th edition of Indian Science Congress (ISC)-2019 on January 3 in Jalandhar, Punjab.
Thank you for welcoming me with such warmth and affection.
I congratulate everyone connected with this Cleanliness programme providing strength to it.
Through this our societies will reap the benefits of joint development, transfer and sharing of cutting edge technologies in different fields.
G. Rohini commenced functioning on 11thOctober, 2017 and has since interacted with all the States/UTs which have subcategorized OBCs and the State Backward Classes Commissions.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Archaeological Survey of India has performed significant work over the course of the last 150 years or so.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an Agreement between India and Peru which was signed in May, 2018 at Lima, Peru.
a. Support in the civil aviation market by reviewing any legal and procedural issues which may adversely affect cooperation between India and Poland.
Today, Yoga has come a long way.
The Ombudsman need not be a separate entity, but any existing State Government functionary can be deputed or given additional charge.
1. Innovative agricultural practices/approaches, 2.
Speaking of connectivity related progress, the Prime Minister said that work is in full swing for the Poorvanchal Expressway.
We will continue to invest in driving positive change and economic growth to deepen our development cooperation.
PM in Karnataka
This payment was ensured through sugar mills to farmers.
4. The leaders committed to work in a result-oriented and mutually beneficial manner to further strengthen the India-EU Strategic Partnership by deepening their trade cooperation, enhancing investment flows in both directions and broadening dialogue and engagement on global and regional issues, including climate change, as well as migration and the refugee crisis, and resolved to further strengthen their bilateral and multilateral cooperation in these areas.
Sushma Swaraj called on the President of Maldives.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an ex- gratia of Rs. 2 lakh each from Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund for the next of kin of those who have lost their lives due to dust storm in various states of Northern India on 2nd May 2018.
To this end, we are organizing over 100 activities throughout the year and taking BRICS to diverse geographies and demographies across our countries.
At present, apparel and made-ups segments are supported under the Scheme for Rebate of State Levies (RoSL).
The JDI was signed on 1st June, 2017.
Kirti from Ghaziabad, Swati Vats from Sonepat, brother Praveen from Kerala, Dr. Swapan Banerjee from West Bengal, Akhilesh Pandey from Katihar, Bihar and numerous others have written on Narendra Modi Mobile App and MyGov asking me to speak on various aspects of Atalji’s life.
This is the power of the people.
These Hospitals will provide comprehensive treatment to the patients from UP, and nearby states of MP, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Bihar.
Today, when we talk of Jammu & Kashmir, we should talk about four parts of the State of Jammu & Kashmir: Jammu, Kashmir Valley, Ladakh, and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.
We stress the significance of infrastructure development and integration to foster closer economic ties.
Veer Savarkarji had written a book “Majhi Jannmathep” while in incarceration .
Friends, When the data suits their thinking, the institutions and processes appear correct to them.
I have met and spoken to hundreds of thousands of our brothers and sisters during my travels abroad – in USA, UK, Australia, South Africa, UAE, Qatar, Singapore, Fiji, China, Japan, South Korea, Kenya, Mauritius, Seychelles, Malaysia and other countries.
Ramzan is a month of charity, and sharing joy.
During the interaction, Shri Narendra Modi said that the Government has reduced knee transplant prices by 60 – 70%, thereby bringing down the cost from Rs. 2.5 lakh to around Rs.70, 000 – 80,000.
Our country will celebrate 75 years of its independence in 2022.
There has been an effort to bring in something new in every area.
Today, if an inspiring personality is required for ably guiding our youth, it certainly is that of BhagwanBirsaMunda.
The MoU has already been signed in 10thJanuary, 2019 at New Delhi.
Welcome friends,
Cooperation between the two postal agencies including exchange of experience, knowledge and technology in e-commerce/logistics services; cooperation on philately; establishment of working group of experts; feasibility studies on using air and surface transit capacities of both countries.
Whether it is Ladakh or Jammu or Srinagar valley.
The scheme is expected to provide employment to close to six lakh people.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with a group of over 140 sugarcane farmers at Lok Kalyan Marg in New Delhi.
In this context he mentioned the commencement of work today, for the Rasika Ray Temple, and the Excavated Structure at Ancient Fort Haripurgarh.
The President of India has appointed Justice Ranjan Gogoi as the next Chief Justice of India.
We are collaborating to raise agricultural productivity in Kenya.
The size and growth of the Indian market hold much potential.
Dr. Ambedkar was a Messiah for all labourers – not just Dalit labourers – the Prime Minister said, explaining how he had contributed to limiting working hours to eight.
We agreed to sustain the momentum of our relations in key areas, including energy and investments.
I hope that your deliberations will produce constructive and forward looking pathways for action that:
Now look at the other, rather unique, side of it.
This exchange is set to be among the fastest exchanges in the world with most modern trading, clearing and settlement systems.
We look forward to work together on this front under the International Solar Alliance.
• And, ultimately, it reflects the way people live, work and transact in a society.
I also want to thank the Chief Ministers of these five States for taking the vital step in the direction of making Ganga clean by involving people’s power.
The collaboration is expected to lead to new knowledge creation, joint scientific publications, Industrial exposure, IP generation, etc.
He said that as a country, we have to leave no stone unturned to not just reach the last mile but also to work together to eliminate the social stigma attached with this disease.
In the broad sweep of history, the changing world is not necessarily a new situation.
PM also invited the global hydrocarbon companies to come and Make in India and assured them that our motto is to replace Red Tape with Red Carpet.”
India is known in the world for its prowess in IT and Digital World.
Of these, more than 70 million loans have been sanctioned to women entrepreneurs.
Several Buddhist texts including Jataka tales mention Saint Agastya, whom many consider to be the father of Tamil language.
He stressed on the importance of improving the speed of grievance disposal, so that the problems of ex-servicemen can be positively resolved in the shortest possible time.
In the wake of globalisation, we have to focus now on developing dynamic systems so that our institutions are able to produce dynamic human resources.
I respectfully bow to all the brave sons of the country, who laid down their lives, protecting the honour of their motherland, India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Bilaspur in Himachal Pradesh, on Tuesday.
In its 19-year journey, Akshaya Patra foundation has served mid-day meals to 1.76 million children in twelve states covering 14,702 schools.
Recently, we launched a national level programme, the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana, to create world-class food processing infrastructure.
In the total project cost, Government of India’s (Gol) share will be Rs. 713 crore and Government of Tamilnadu’s (GoTN) share will be Rs. 916 crore.
We have built a close engagement with the institutional structures in the region such as the East Asia Summit.
My dear countrymen, while some time ago, we were concerned about a drought like situation, these days, on the one hand, we are enjoying the rains, but on the other, reports of floods are also coming in.
Senior Government officials briefed him on aspects such as addressing of debt, monitoring frameworks, improvement in financial parameters, operational achievements, and consumer empowerment.
Apart from exports, India as the fastest growing economy in the world will also see increased domestic demand.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed on November 11, 2016 at Tokyo, Japan between the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) for cooperation in the field of outer space.
But the progress we have achieved so far, convinces me that we will reach our destination.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today gave its approval to rename the Agartala Airport in Tripura as ‘Maharaja Bir Bikram Manikya Kishore Airport, Agartala.
Implementation Strategy and Targets:
India and Sri Lanka share several cultural, historical, linguistic and literary similarities.
42. Under Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samapada Yojana we are providing handholding to the farmers from availing seeds to accessing the markets for their produce.
PM said “Numaligarh will be the largest among 12 bio refineries to be built across India”.
New rules are increasing the representation of women on corporate Boards of Directors.
On the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti tomorrow, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit the aspirational district of Bijapur in Chhattisgarh.
Alongside their African brothers and sisters, generations of Indians fought, suffered and sacrificed so that all of South Africa could breathe freely.
Now this department will be known as Department for Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade.
The Mumbai suburban railway network on Central and Western Railways has 376 route Kms.
• MOU on Cooperation in the field of Sustainable and Smart Urban Development between the Ministry for Housing and Urban Affairs of India and the Ministry of Industry, Business and Financial Affairs of Denmark
This in turn will help achieve the twin objectives of enhancing aspirational value of vocational education and of increasing skilled manpower furthering the Prime Minister’s agenda of making India the skill capital of the world.
We both agreed that the current trajectory of the Indian economy opens up many promising opportunities for Israeli companies.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his greetings and best wishes on the occasion of Eid-ul-Fitr.
We have also made Doing Business Faster through digital processes, online transactions and single point inter-faces.
The Union Home Ministry sent a warning on 29th November to the Chief Secretary of Kerala about a possible cyclone.
After coming to power this Government started an IISER at Tirupati in 2015.
CPS and its associated technologies, like Artificial Intelligence (Al), Internet of Things (loT), Machine Learning (ML), Deep Learning (DP), Big Data Analytics, Robotics,Quantum Computing, Quantum Communication, Quantum encryption (Quantum Key Distribution), Data Science & Predictive analytics, Cyber Security for physical infrastructure and other infrastructure, have pervaded and is playing a transformative role in almost every field of human endeavour all most in all sectors.
If we had not a teacher like this, would there have been a disciple like Swami Vivekananda?
‘Operation Greens’ will prove to be an effective instrument in this direction especially for the farmers engaged in producing vegetables and fruits.
50 health and wellness centers in Arunachal Pradesh was inaugurated by PM.
We are among the largest eco-systems in the world for start-ups and a number of them have come up in the field of technology.
He said trusting the common man, through self attestation of documents is one such initiative.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for the technical and financial help given to India, for this project.
I appreciate the hardwork of our media, especially the reporters and camerapersons, who tirelessly work on the ground and bring forth various news that shapes national as well as global discourse.
a: National Mission for a Green India
India’s rapid growthcan bring dividends for the entire region, especially in Sri Lanka.
The threat from terrorism endangers not just our two countries.
So this is Yoga, the entry point for our spiritual journey.
This, I believe, is a healthy sign.
”On National Sports Day, I congratulate all sportspersons and sports enthusiasts who pursue sports with great vigour and passion.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
And a committed capital stock of 100 billion US Dollars.
Similarly, through Saubhagya Scheme, we are working towards electrifying every house-hold in this country, mostly by the end of this year.
PM said that the nation is proud of the works by Kochi refinery.
My best wishes as the state continues to develop at a rapid pace”, the Prime Minister said.
The Interest Subvention Scheme will continue for one year and it will be implemented by NABARD and RBI.
He saidthat PM –KISAN scheme is a long term and comprehensive plan for the welfare of the farmers.
Many other prestigious global organisations and networks are also partners of this event.
In the last four years, this average is about rupees forty three thousand crore per annum.
Some people even shared their personal achievements.
Policy measures
The leaders agreed to encourage and support this Living Bridge.
However, this provision was presently not applicable to Air India, thereby implying that foreign airlines could not invest in Air India.
The third announcement made by the Prime Minister was that all companies with a turnover more than Rs. 500 crore, must now compulsorily be brought on the Trade Receivables e-Discounting System (TReDS).
They were accompanied by Vice-Chancellor of Sathyabama University, Dr. B. Sheela Rani.
Captains of Business and Industry,
We are capable of taking tough decisions because national interest is topmost in our priority.
6. Till now the next of kin of persons killed or civilians who suffered permanent incapacitation as a result of such violence were paid Rs.3 lakh as per provisions of the Central Scheme for Assistance to Civilian Victims of Terrorist, Communal, Naxal violence since 2008.
Brothers and sisters, crores of poor people in our country get food at Rs.2 and Rs.3.
“Deeply saddened by the bus accident in Bihar’s Madhubani district.
My dear countrymen, may 2017 be a year full of joy and enthusiasm; may all your resolves be crowned with success; let us scale newer heights of progress; may the poorest of the poor get an opportunity to lead a better and fuller life of happiness and contentment; may 2017 be like this for all of us.
Would you be able to see those beautiful things at the bottom like before?
It inspires us to dedicate ourselves to a cause for the country.
In this context, he also mentioned the 1000 Anganwadi Centers whose foundation stone was laid today.
People’s participation will go a long way in achieving this.
These efforts were also driven with hard work in their different ways.
(a) Provide for extending the jurisdiction of the Act to Jammu & Kashmir State in respect of matters not reserved for the State as per the Constitution (Application to Jammu and Kashmir) Order 1954;
Upgradation programme broadly envisages improving health infrastructure through construction of Super Specialty Blocks/Trauma Centers etc. and procurement of medical equipment for existing as well as new facilities on Central and State share basis.
Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu,
The Duraiappah Stadium, named in honour of a former Mayor of Jaffna, the late Alfred Thambirajah Duraiappah, has been renovated by the Government of India at a cost of over Rs. 7 crore.
My heartiest greetings to countrymen on this pious, festive occasion.
Further, following AIIMS have also been sanctioned:
So I would like to know your views concerning the current direction of education and its future course.”
Besides they are associated with cultivation, rivers, mountains, nature etc.
Digital awareness in the villages of India is also creating a huge e-commerce market for the future.
The main areas of cooperation are:
The youth of my country will not disappoint me.
And all devotees present there on this occasion.
And, I am looking forward to reviewing the entire spectrum of our bilateral cooperation when I meet Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Tokyo on 11 November.
As a result, the total FDI received in the country has gone up by 67% in a short span of three years.
However, the bidding process could not be carried forward due to receipt of only one application each against ‘Request for Qualifications’ (RFQs) for revival of Gorakhpur and Sindri units of FCIL.
They carry the dreams of 125 crore Indians and the resolutions of the people of their region and with the promise of a bright future.
Ex-Andaman Political Prisoners/ spouses
In a major boost to health infrastructure the Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the continuation of the National Health Mission – with effect from 1st April 2017 to 31st March 2020 with a budgetary support of Rs. 85,217 crore as Central Share over this period.
vi) Communicable Disease Control & Surveillance;
The event has been organized for the mass chanting of these shlokas in unison.
It is for the first time a scheme has been designed to offer financial incentives to employers to engage apprentices.
Horizontally,we have to spread the benefits of development to regions and communities that have lagged behind.
I have full confidence that every citizen will stand up and participate in this ‘mahayagna’.
Here is a Stuti devoted to her. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhLxnY1deYc&feature=youtu.be“, the Prime Minister said.
And, it is reflected in your success and prosperity.
We have been asking the extremists to join the mainstream.
I am therefore sure, that ours will be a partnership which sees both nations benefit.
And now I want to cite an example especially for those people who have undisclosed income.
In a significant decision to fast-track India’s domestic nuclear power programme, and give a push to country’s nuclear industry, the Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for construction of 10 units of India’s indigenous Pressurized Heavy Water Reactors (PHWR).
From the seashores to the mountains, people welcomed the first rays of the sun, with Yoga.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
a competition between states,
He also launched an e-marketing portal for organic products.
Execution of three thousand, two hundred kilometers of gas pipeline in Eastern India has begun.
My dear countrymen, if an Indian is in trouble or distress in any part of the world, he can rest assured that his country is with him at every step.
We have to publicize such news.
India and Japan are major consumers of energy in the world.
The PM added, “The Government is constantly working to create a conducive environment for business in the country.
When I addressed you in 2014, I had just taken over the reins of government.
We need to change this mindset.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi praised the beauty of North East India and urged people to share their photos of their North East visits on Instagram using #MagnificentNortheast yesterday.
Whenever water was required for crops, farmers had access to it.
Just as I advise your parents not to be burdensome to you, the same applies to me too.
The timeline required for this is one year.
8. Did you mind the inconvenience faced in our fight to curb corruption, black money, terrorism and counterfeiting of currency? a.
For, divisions among Afghan people will only help those who seek to dominate the nation from outside.
The outcomes of our focus on Digital India, Start-up India, Make In India and Innovate India are converging and reaping rich dividends, the Prime Minister said.
On the first day of Navratri, we pray to Maa Shailputri.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of eminent thinker, writer and journalist Pandit Dharmsheel Chaturvedi.
a)Exchange of best practices, experiences and knowledge on IP awareness among the public, businesses and educational institutions of both countries;
• None of the 99 names of Allah stand for violence: PM Modi
I instructed my officials to identify 117 ‘Aspirational Districts’.
We are also developing India into a knowledge based, skill supported and technology driven society.
For most of his life, his work was centred in North India and he sacrificed his life in Nanded, Maharashtra.
He said that the Government is working towards cleansing the system of such elements.
It may protect the interest of vulnerable children in times of distress and ensures their safety and dignity.
This campaign has worked in a major way to generate awareness.
With the United States, our actions have brought speed, substance and strength to the entire spectrum of our engagement.
My dear countrymen, 26th January is a historic festival for all of us.
The arrear payments of PLR for the year 2014-15 to the employees/workers by the Major Port Trusts and Dock Labour Board will be calculated on the enhanced wage ceiling of Rs.7000/- per month for calculation of Bonus instead of Rs.3500/- per month on the existing methodology of combined All India Port Performance.
Which Indian wouldn’t be proud of this!
Our Current Account Deficit has improved steadily and reached the decade low in the June quarter.
All these are examples of confidence shown in the Indian economy.
Thank you for such a warm welcome.
This number is almost equal to the population of Canada, Mexico and the US taken together.
We believe in cooperative and competitive federalism.
Additionally, corporate and international partners are connected to AIM beneficiaries, to ensure flow of information and technology between academia, innovation, and the start-up ecosystem as well as provide mentoring support to ensure success of AIM’s initiatives.
Shivaji Maharaj placed wellbeing of his people above everything.
On the other hand, students who have the confidence in what they know are able to tackle whatever comes in the question paper.
• It will cover only establishments employing ten or more workers except manufacturing units.
I will meet President Filipe Nyusi and hold extensive talks with him.
Energy access, Energy efficiency, Energy sustainability &Energy security. ”
The Prime Minister asserted that the corrupt, and those who have black money would not be forgiven.
Yesterday, they added another feather in their cap by successfully testing a low altitude interceptor missile.
Highlights
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its ex-post facto approval for amendments to Section 44 and consequential amendments of the Lokpal and Lokayuktas Act, 2013 by introducing the Lokpal and Lokayuktas (Amendment) Bill, 2016 in the Parliament.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Panchayati Raj.
He described Aadhaar is a technology-based empowerment initiative.
Addressing the beneficiaries, Prime Minister said that the last 4 years, Government has taken a mission mode approach towards providing housing for all.
Foreign policy would be centered around two super powers.
Blossoming of bright red Jungle Flame flowers, better known as Tesu or Palash heralds the advent of Holi.
I am glad that representatives from many important Argentine companies have come with President Macri.
Laying of water pipelines will begin and by the time work is over, there will be so much population there that the pipeline will become insufficient.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Kader Khan.
Over the past three years, ‘Pradhanmantri Mudra Yojana’ has led to millions and millions of youth becoming self-dependent.
It is a vision to inspire the children to discover new stars, while gazing at them!
Its mandate is to link farmers to investment, technology and markets.
I am happy that for the first time, beneficiaries are also being given ownership of the land on which the houses are being built.
Under the Indradhanush Mission the government is holding vaccination campaigns in those areas which were not covered under the on-going vaccination campaigns.
An exemplary engineer himself, he is a source of immense inspiration”, the Prime Minister said.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation: –
He said that a lot of innovation is happening at the grassroots level.
As for private hospitals, they will be empanelled online based on defined criteria.
Yog has a special significance in the ‘Fit India’ campaign.
The Trust reviewed the progress of various Projects of continuous growth of devotees visiting Somnath.
If the western region of the country can develop, if other regions of the country can develop, I see no reason why the North East region of the country cannot develop.
He said the Union Government has taken a number of steps to boost domestic manufacturing.
However, great opportunities pose great challenges.
M/s Teletech Team approached TCIL for providing full techno commercial and logistic support for three projects.
6. Procurement of health equipment and pharmaceutical products;
Through technology, we are able to give meaning to this expression, and indeed to the best of democratic values.
In the all party meeting yesterday I have urged that we should take maximum help of the debate in the committees and to ensure that how we can ensure that the common man is benefited most from the Budget.
The average amount of fund raised through this during 2011 to 2014 was about rupees three lakh crore or about forty billion dollars.
The expertise of SIDBI would be utilized to manage the day to day operations of the FFS.
He said CPSEs can also take up skill development programmes, as part of CSR.
This includes courses from Class 9th to Post-Graduation and also for lifelong learning.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched UDAN, the Regional Connectivity Scheme for civil aviation, from Shimla Airport.
The Policy is expected to encourage suppliers and service providers to progressively adopt ‘Make in India’ practices and add value to their goods and services within the country.
The Prime Minister will travel in the maiden voyage of this service, from Ghogha to Dahej.
• co-location of AYUSH facilities at Primary Health Centers (PHCs),
The Prime Minister directed efficient and stringent monitoring of rural roads construction and their quality.
14. Recognizing the need to further upgrade the training infrastructure and capacity building of Myanmar Police, the two leaders welcomed the signing of the Memorandum on Upgradation of the Women’s Police Training Center at Yamethin in Myanmar with technical and financial assistance of Government of India.
The text of the Convention and the accompanying Explanatory Statement was adopted by the Ad hoc Group on 24 November 2016.
He will inaugurate / lay foundation stones for various development projects there.
It is due to our collective efforts that our country has seen unprecedented improvement in the ‘Ease of doing business’ rankings.
He said a sum of Rs. 360 crore has been approved for the Buddhist Circuit.
Number of Tower locations
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has announced an ex- gratia of Rs. 2 lakh each for the next of kin of those who have lost their lives in the floods in Assam and Rajasthan.
From the Gateway of India in Mumbai, actor Amitabh Bachchan explained the various cleanliness activities he has been involved in, including cleaning of a beach in Mumbai.
Next year, that is in 2017, India is hosting the Under-17 FIFA World Cup.
He has mentioned that this exercise benefits muscles of the back and the stomach, to a great extent.
I for one truly appreciate your hard work.
Best wishes on Pongal!
Our desire to change our country has an indivisible link with the external world.
Giving the example of talent spotting in sports, the Prime Minister said that mechanisms should be made to identify the brightest and best science talent among school students.
Second, a series of Jan Aushadi Kendras were started throughout the country.
He said the technology transfer envisaged in this project will benefit Indian Railways, and boost the “Make in India” initiative.
Laying of Foundation Stone of Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyay University of Health Sciences, Karnal
2. Rehabilitation Package and up-gradation of infrastructure of the Bangladeshi Enclaves and Cooch Behar District after transfer of enclaves between India and Bangladesh under Land Boundary Agreement.
From tomorrow, you can give a missed call on this number and listen to Mann ki Baat.
It will benefit people of the region in accessing preventive and curative aspects of cancer treatment.
This led to additional production of 20 lakh tonnes of urea.
He also appreciated other initiatives for women empowerment taken by the State Government.
I am told, the Ministry for Development of the North-East Region is also supporting the activities of the North Eastern Handicrafts and Handloom Development Corporation; and the North Eastern Regional Agricultural Marketing Corporation.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, beneficiaries of various social security schemes explained how these schemes helped them during the times of great need.
Vishwanathan Anand has really said something very important.
The two parties now desiring to strengthen and further develop the established relationship have signed a Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Tourism, Government of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Tourism Government for the Romania for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
The Prime Minister has urged people to share their ideas for the speech on the specially created open forum on the Narendra Modi App.
He expressed his concerns over the issue.
The slowdown in the GDP even in one quarter has become the biggest news item these days for such people.
On National Maritime Day, we affirm our commitment to harness our maritime strengths for the nation’s prosperity.
• 2-lane construction of Biharsharif-Barbigha-Mokama section of NH-82
How do we rejuvenate our traditional heritage which was lying inactive for 20, 25 or 30 years?
Prime Minister said that to make healthcare affordable and accessible, Government launched the Ayushman Bharat scheme.
In our economic choices, we can do many things together for our youth and for our people.
In hockey, India has won the Asia Cup hockey title through its dazzling performance.
He vowed to construct a hospital in order to ensure that none of the underprivileged face a similar situation due to lack of medical aid.
Functions of the Authority: The Authority shall regulate all such financial services, financial products and FIs in an IFSC which has already been permitted by the Financial Sector Regulators for IFSCs.
So to quote from one of Dylan’s transformative anthems which holds as much meaning today as it did when it was first sung in the 1960s.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Aceh over the calamity today.
Later this evening, PM will address New India Youth Conclave at Surat Indoor Stadium after his return from Dandi where he unveiled the National Salt Satyagraha Memorial.
PM’s message on National Panchayati Raj Day
The Prime Minister said that besides solar and wind power, India is working on biomass, biofuel and bio-energy.
We are indebted to Babasaheb for his contribution to the nation building.
India has strong political support to the Palestinian cause at international and bilateral levels.
The inference is that the world over, these are shared, common human values.
Hence, funds on account of 1% cess for the past period are not available now for allocation.
He will launch various development projects, and hand over certificates to beneficiaries of various official schemes.
The Prime Minister invited global business leaders and companies to come and invest in India where the business climate is more investor friendly now with the required infrastructure and facilities in place.
NDA government fully committed to protect the culture, resources and languages of the Northeast states: PM Assam will be transformed into an Oil and Natural Gas Hub, says PM
He said Ujjwala has brought about benefits through better health outcomes, freedom from poisonous smoke andcleaner fuel.
Our youths from the North East are establishing BPO in their areas.
We have to wholeheartedly embrace the spirit of Sendai, which calls for an all-of-society approach to disaster risk management.
Modernisation of the Presses will enable them to undertake important confidential, urgent and multi-colour printing work of the Central Government Offices all over the country.
Stronger connectivity is essential not just for expanding bilateral trade ties.
This is a country where both theists and atheists ; idolaters and those loathing idol-worship co-exist.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for revision of pay and allowances of Lieutenant Governors of Union Territories.
In December last year, you and the Afghan people stood with me to inaugurate the Afghan Parliament.
Dr.BabasahebAmbedkar was always ahead of his time.
My first warning is to my government officers to not presume citizens as thieves.
We have retrieved it and turned it into an incisive law against ‘Benami Property’.
The story of your ancestors in this nation may have been of poverty and oppression.
These days, after Rio Olympics, Pulela Gopi Chand ji is being talked about everywhere.
I am happy to note that the BRICS Business Council also has matching priorities of ease of doing business, dismantling trade barriers, promoting skills development, establishing manufacturing supply chains and infrastructure development.
Israel is among the leading nations in the field of innovation, water and agricultural technology.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Deepa Malik who scripted history by winning silver medal in Shotput at Paralympics 2016 .
It will be good if social scientists also do the same.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Mizoram and Meghalaya tomorrow where he will inaugurate various development projects.
Prime Minister, while addressing the PMMY beneficiaries, said that the scheme has transformed the lives of the poor.
However, despite the orders of the Supreme Court, the bill on triple talaq could not be passed by the Parliament.
He urged all Chief Secretaries to work on this scheme.
We have taken note of the priority that President Temer attaches to reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
Programme of cooperation between the Government of Republic of India and the Government of Republic of Belarus in the field of culture for 2018-2020
Otherwise, the world had no belief in it and they used to make fun of us.
Our scientists have been asked to develop programmes on science teaching in our schools across the country.
You have all been given a feedback form.
In my vision, a partnership between American capital and innovation, and Indian human resources and entrepreneurship can be very powerful.
My dear countrymen, the month of August is the month of Revolution.
In 2015, India has risen to first position in the Baseline Profitability Index.
We are two developing nations that seek peace and prosperity for their peoples.
Finland’s main environmental issues are air and water pollution, and the preservation of its wildlife.
“Our vision of new India caters to all sections of the society, irrespective of their economic profile, their caste, creed, language and religion,” he added.
• The age of superannuation in respect of all four sub-cadres of Central Health Service was 60 years prior to 2006.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has today given its approval to grant Special Remission to Prisoners as part of Commemoration of 150th Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Savitribai Phule on her Jayanti.
Throughout the week every one, old or young, should wear the flag.
Some have written on my web portal mygov.in, others have written to me on NarendraModiApp.
The Junior Hockey Team lifted the World Cup.
He said compared to previous government which built only 25 lakhs houses in 5 years, we have built more than 1 crore 25 lakh houses in 5 years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the phasing out of Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Theresa May, on taking over as the new Prime Minister of United Kingdom.
He said under Blue revolution work is being done for increasing the income of Fishermen.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
Earlier, addressing a large rally of Ex-Servicemen, the Prime Minister said that it is the result of the valour and dedication of lakhs of soldiers that the Indian Army is today considered among the strongest in the world.
He preached that knowledge alone defeats ego.
Giving tips to the OTs on how to prepare for their life immediately after the end of the training, the Prime Minister said that they must always be alert and attentive to the people around them.
He said their work is an inspiration for others, and exhorted them to go even further in their respective fields.
There should not be a single school-college ground in India where we will not see our youngsters at play.
He noted the similarity in festivals between India and Israel.
For me indeed it is a matter of good fortune that I will also be calling on His Majesty, the King and Her Majesty, the Queen and indeed I am looking forward to my meeting with them.
We have been able to develop the ‘NAVIC Navigation System’ through GPS.
International Conference on Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM)
Speaking of Sri Ramakrishna in this gathering may seem like carrying coals to Newcastle, but I cannot stop myself from mentioning those attributes that make him so relevant to present times.
The Agreement would provide a legal framework for sharing of information and intelligence between the Customs authorities of the two countries and help in the proper application of Customs laws, prevention and investigation of Customs offences and the facilitation of legitimate trade.
The Agreement provides for 90-day visa free travel for tourism, medical and limited business purpose and also provides for easy conversion of such visa free entry to medical visa as well as visas for dependents of students and those pursuing employment in each other’s territories.
17. In the field of solar power we have seen a growth of 116 per cent.
In the last four years, the amount of Foreign Direct Investment received in the country was almost equal to what was received in seven years before 2014, the Prime Minister said.
Our societies and people have had age old ties and links.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi visited Itanagar as a part of his visit to Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Tripura.
Research on second and third generation biofuels is being promoted.
They will be able to take care of themselves.
In the last four years, we have jumped 65 places of global ranking of ease of doing business.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate a new railway line from Balangir-Bichupali.
Such efforts reduce risk and create opportunities for local development and sustainable livelihoods.
IT profession has deep roots in Pune.
There are many exemplary personalities such as Dr. Jaya Chandran and SulagittiNarsamma, who dedicated their lives to the welfare of all in society.
Come on the right track and have a peaceful tension less nap, There will be nothing to worry.
A steering committee will be constituted to oversee implementation of the Policy and carry out annual review and recommend continuation of the policy from year to year basis.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the protocol amending the Agreement between India and Kyrgyz Republic for the avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
BRICS leadership will be crucial in driving this transformation.
However, most of the States have expressed reservations.
Both sides recognize the value of enhancing and further institutionalizing their broad-based cooperation on cyber issues, and in that respect, intend to complete a framework based on the following shared principles and intended forms of cooperation.
Be it Hawala, or any inputs related to terrorism, the global community is supporting us with critical information.
And, another young girl poet will not have to live a life of pain, denial and longing, or see a life of promise cut short.
On this issue, he urged all concerned to keep politics aside, and keep national security paramount.
Today, I appeal to you all as well.
He asked for an effective follow-up action within ten days.
In this context, he mentioned the achievements of schemes such as BetiBachao, BetiPadhao, Sugamya Bharat Abhiyan, Pradhan MantriAwaasYojana, UjjwalaYojana, and SaubhagyaYojana; and the transformation that has been brought about in the lives of the people as a result of these schemes.
He called upon all Chief Ministers to contribute their efforts towards this objective of 100 percent implementation of schemes for the welfare of the poor.
We know that in our country there are three states that have already been declared Open Defecation Free states, that is, Sikkim, Himachal Pradesh and Kerala.
We reinforce our commitment to the implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the Sustainable Development Goals that would provide equitable, inclusive, open, all-round innovation-driven and sustainable development, in its three dimensions – economic, social and environmental – in a balanced and integrated manner, towards the ultimate goal of eradicating poverty by 2030.
There is an umbilical link between development and adventure; the resolve to achieve something, the burning desire to do something unparalleled, the sentiment proclaiming “I too can do it”.
Today, every global company has an India strategy.
The credit for this goes to all the parties.
The National Bench of the Appellate Tribunal shall be situated at New Delhi.
My dear countrymen, namaskar!
How will animals and birds survive?
What is even better is that Usha ji has continued her association with sports.
No one is big or small in this campaign.
It was becoming very clear to us that finance combined with technology, or “fintech” as it is sometimes called, would be an important part of India’s future development.
He said that the learning from books would surely prevent them from straying down the wrong path; but it is the connect and rapport they can establish with their teams and the people, that will help them to become successful.
You do not have to go behind the bars.
(b) CRZ-III B – Rural areas with population density of below 2161 per square kilometre as per 2011 Census.
DGS&D shall be wound up and cease its functions by 31st October, 2017.
Dear brothers and sisters,
He said the Prime Minister is welcomed with open arms and even the sky is not the limit for cooperation between the two countries.
When the saint society says that the cleanliness is God, it has more impact in comparison with any Government campaign.
· Profit making Public Sector Units (PSUs) will be mandated to scale up apprenticeships, upto 10% of total manpower, over the course of this year.
This programme has already provided nearly ten million new connections in just seven months.
May the blessings of Maa Durga bring joy, peace in our society & remove all forms of injustice”, the Prime Minister said`
Farmers used to face difficulties in accessing loans from banks for such additional activities.
India has always been resolutely committed to peace.
And whatever situation appears, accept it.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT).
A very good morning to you all!
My best wishes and blessings to Rajani.
The conditional cash transfer scheme would be in DBT mode.
He recalled that the World Wars were not India’s wars, but so many Indian soldiers sacrificed their lives defending foreign lands.
In this context he mentioned the success of India’s Mars Mission in the first attempt.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Morocco on cooperation in the field of health.
Activities under this framework will encourage exchanges between journalists and promote better understanding of political and economic developments in India and Myanmar.
We also agreed that early implementation of India-ASEAN Free Trade Agreement in Services & Investment, and finalization of the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership would be important steps in this regard.
We, the Heads of State and Government of the Federative Republic of Brazil, the Russian Federation, the Republic of India, the People’s Republic of China and the Republic of South Africa, met on 30 November 2018 for the annual Informal BRICS Leaders’ Meeting on the margins of the G20 Summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Shri Narendra Modi, will offer floral tributes to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat, on October 2nd, 2018 – the day which will mark the launch of the 150th anniversary celebrations of the Mahatma.
In this context, Myanmar Institute of Information Technology and Advanced Centre for Agricultural Research and Education are worthy of special mention.
Friends, consumer protection has been an integral part of governance for ages in India.
Background:
This scheme is playing a significant role in enhancing self-employment in the villages and towns of the country.
According to amendment, as in sub-section 7 of section 8A of the Enemy Property Act, 1968, Central Government may direct that disposal of enemy property shall be made by any other authority or Ministry or Department instead of Custodian.
We will discuss putting the global economy on the track of sustainable steady growth and responding to emerging and entrenched social, security and economic challenges.
Works performed with honesty and sincerity is like the worship of God.
However, due to climate change, sometimes it turns into a natural calamity.
There is no alternative to books, one has to study, yet one’s bent of mind should be towards discovering new things.
President Ghani and I have converged on the priority of strengthening trade and transport linkages with other partners in the region.
India has been contributing material and technical assistance to the Palestinian people.
This could be a transformative step for the prosperity and security of the nation.
In an environment where we seek stability, sustainable development and prosperity.
The two sides’ commitment to stronger global governance also translates to reforming the bodies and organs of the UN system, including the comprehensive reform of the UN Security Council as well as the revitalisation of the work of the General Assembly, better aligning the work of its committees with the 2030 Agenda.
Protection of consumer interests is a priority of the government.
The Prime Minister asserted that more people are paying taxes because they have faith that their money is being used properly and for the welfare of people.
My effort is that I read the maximum number of these letters and comments myself before Mann Ki Baat.
Paying homage to Maa Annapurna, Prime Minister said that the Annapurna Dham Trust should give society the strength to ensure gender equality and prosperity for everyone.
Every Indian should be free from smoke in kitchen and that is why there is the scheme for Cooking Gas for All.
It is aimed at improving the health infrastructure in the state.
I had once said to you that if you can bear the expense of 1500-2000 rupees per year, then why don’t you give up your subsidy on gas?
He is doing a great job of extending this rare painting art form to the present generation.
iv. The Independent Election Commission of Afghanistan;
Our present is encouraging us to work together.
A partnership to meet our bilateral interests ; and to respond to our shared regional goals.
The principal means of action in the ILO is the setting up of International standards in the form of Conventions, Recommendations and Protocol.
Korea is one of the leading tourist generating markets for India from East Asia.
We will continue to work together for reforms of the United Nations and strive together for our rightful place in the UN Security Council.
The Ministers exchanged views on major global political, security, economic and financial issues of common concern and on strengthening BRICS cooperation.
For India, and for the world.
The Prime Minister has also invited from public the pictures and videos of cleanliness initiatives.
The construction of this tunnel will provide all-weather connectivity between Srinagar, Kargil and Leh.
Attention: Brief for Electronic Media
AMF TCP also provides an opportunity for fuel analysis, identifying new/ alternate fuels for deployment in transport sector and allied R&D activities for reduction in emissions in fuel intensive sectors.
I) Reducing stock and flow of regulation
Generally, very few people associated with the agricultural world or those very few who can be labeled as real farmers have ever found their name in the list of Padmashree awards.
But it has been revived by the Prime Minister, especially through his speeches.
Come, let’s say aloud the Mantra of ‘Jai Hind’!
It will help in exchanging mutual experience, sharing information on financing export and import operations, project assessment and knowledge generated in respective fields of activities.
How can resolve be transformed into reality?
He recalled ,when Kerala was passing through worst floods in a 100 years last August, BPCL came running against all odds to ensure continuous production of Petrol, Diesel and LPG.
Your aspirations, ambitions and actions will not only shape the direction and destiny of this great country.
Merger of Plan and Non Plan classification in Budget and Accounts:
Thus ever since the day it became public knowledge that rainfall this year is expected to be between 106% and 110% it seems as if tidings of peace and happiness have come.
And later, their remains were brought to present day Punjab, and were secretly cremated.
Today, interest in Yoga is growing rapidly in Western countries.
The airport has been retrofitted and new terminal constructed for making it fit for commercial operations under UDAN scheme.
He said Mahatma Gandhi had left India, but the call of the nation brought him back.
In the light of good monsoon and expectation of increased credit demand and in order to boost agricultural production, the farmers need to be supported through Cooperative Banks, which purvey credit at their doorstep, to enable them to scale up their agricultural operation.
You will be scientists soon and the guardians of the planet.
A new confidence has been generated because of their sacrifices, dedication and hard work.
H. E. Mr. Juha Sipila, Prime Minister of Finland, made a phone call to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday.
Even while we are sitting thousands of kilometres away in Delhi, we can feel the pulse of vibrancy and atmosphere of change in Jaffna.
New and emerging technologies like Artificial Intelligence and Robotics are perhaps the most important determinants/ of defensive and offensive capabilities for any defence force in the future.
The Prime Minister noted that the new Agreement will address the common concerns and ensure that people-to-people contacts are enhanced.
He offered prayers at the Kedarnath Temple, and laid the Foundation Stone for five infrastructure and development projects.
Right now, while taking to you I got an idea whether we could organize a mock parliament in every district of India?
We are ready to join hands with Kenya in fulfilling your development priorities:
h) Facilitate the movement of tourism between the two countries
It is gratifying that the Vibrant Gujarat last week once again welcomed our friends and partners from South Africa in large numbers.
It has been one month since GST was implemented and its benefits can be seen already.
The success of democracy in Indiahas attracted the attention of almost every political system around the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit Guwahati tomorrow.
Prime Minister reviewed the activities of NDMA to effectively manage and respond to disasters affecting the country.
On the morning of 8th October, the Prime Minister will arrive in Vadnagar.
He said the Government is working to deliver the benefits of science to agriculture.
It will, thus, bring them into the mainstream of financial services and will facilitate transfer of benefits of various subsidy schemes of the Government more efficiently.
It has been designed on the theme – soochna se sashaktikaran – Empowerment through Information.
In addition, the unmet needs of the population which remained hidden due to lack of financial resources will be catered to.
He said that whenever an Indian sportsperson wins on the global sporting stage, it is the Indian flag that rises.
He expressed happiness that in the last one year, NCC cadets have been associated with several important initiatives, such as Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Digital Transactions etc.
Strong people-to-people contacts and the presence of a large Indian Diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for the relationship.
In a series of tweets, speaking about the benefits of the demonetization decision of the government, the Prime Minister has also urged the people to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in their economic transactions.
The diligence with which she’s pursued sports and excelled at the world stage is extremely inspiring.
He said that setting up of 2nd generation bio-ethanol refineries should be expedited, to utilize agricultural residues for this purpose.
Along with the Conference, the event will have a concurrent exhibition spread over 20,000 square meters at India Expo Mart, Greater Noida.
It is time that we jointly address this challenge by intensifying cooperation in this crucial area.
Indian Railways has achieved a target of daily passenger movement of 2.25 crore.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for introduction of the Payment of Gratuity (Amendment) Bill, 2017 in the Parliament.
It brings good health and furthers a spirit of teamwork.
For India, most of our major partners and markets — from ASEAN and East Asia to North America — lie to the East.
We acknowledged the need to strike a balance between economic development and environmental protection.
The tenure of the present Commission is upto 31.3.2019.
When you listen to the call, you will come to know why he does not want to identify himself!
At 9:30 AM on 15th, we shall come together and mark the commencement of the ‘Swachhata Hi Seva Movement.’
ISRO has developed and demonstrated most of the baseline technologies essential for undertaking human spaceflight mission.
Third, encourage greater involvement and leadership of women in disaster risk management.
Apart from his political life and career, he has been very popular screenwriter in Tamil cinema.
We also wish to explore new areas, like pearl farming.
I am committed to working with you to realize our common destiny.
I look forward to many more shining successes.
India’s ranking in the Travel and Tourism Competitive Index of the World Economic Forum moved from 65th position to 40th position.
In addition, strengthen cooperation and collaboration to combating other transnational crimes, including people smuggling, trafficking in persons, illicit drug trafficking, cybercrime, and piracy and armed robbery against ships.
CPA Afghanistan is an independent regulator of accountancy profession in Afghanistan, which operates under the supervision of Ministry of Finance, Government of Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
The cost of heart stents have reduced from around Rs. 2 lakh to Rs. 29000.
Jesus had said – “The poor do not need our favours but our acceptance with affection.”
HarivanshJi belongs that tradition of Wordsmiths who have built a special recognition for themselves.
This is a day to reaffirm our commitment towards further strengthening our democracy by unfailingly participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
The tenders for first civil work package have been invited and work will start soon.
PM said, “Good health is the foundation of human progress.
They have also pointed out the work that remains to be done, before we can claim to have achieved our goal.
I congratulate the Indian Space Research Organization; Bharat Electronics Ltd.; and the Indian Meteorological Department for setting up this Radar in Cherrapunji.
Growth is strong and we are taking steps to keep the momentum going.
He said just as openness is getting increased acceptance worldwide, there is need for greater openness among States too, on security issues.
Tough measures have been adopted to tackle the parallel economy, check tax evasion and control black money.
He shall be designated as the Director of the Institute and shall be appointed by the Institute provided that the first Director of the Institute shall be appointed by the Central Government.
Major Impact, including employment generation potential:
We also brought the international community together to create an International Solar Alliance, to harness the energy of sun to propel human growth.
This is good news for democracy.
Further collaboration in these areas will be set out by Finance Ministers when they meet for the tenth round of the Economic and Financial Dialogue later this year.
I wish the conference all success.
Jan Dhan Revolution is a historic movement to bring the poor, downtrodden and marginalised into the financial mainstream.
He emphasized that the poor must have access to quality and affordable healthcare.
You will be happy to know that we are not alone in our fight against terrorism.
Your personal attention has been a source of strength in our relationship.
MoU on Cultural Exchange Programme.
The retrospective recognition is being given as a onetime measure so as to ensure that the future of the students passed out/enrolled in these institutions are not jeopardized.
There he will lay the Foundation Stone of Shikshan Bhavan and Vidhyarthi Bhavan.
• Coal may gradually go out of favour as a major contributor to primary energy in the OECD World and later in developing countries;
Bilal Dar got connected to the ‘Swachhata Abhiyan’ or Cleanliness Campaign since the age of 12-13 years and has been working for the last 5 to 6 years.
The Enhanced Oil Recovery Policyaims to promote the use of latest technologyin improving productivity of up-stream fields.
He expressed confidence that under Prime Minister Modi’s leadership, India will become a Vishvaguru.
The delegation was led by Mr. Toshihiro Nikai, and included Mr. Motoo Hayashi and Mr. Tatsuo Hirano.
I commend the national disaster risk management agencies, their governments in the Asia-Pacific region, the United Nations, and other stakeholders for coming together for this important cause.
He offered prayers at Sree PadmanabhaSwamy Temple.
Her personal attention and focused approach have started bringing about good results and now her trainees like Miss Tintu Luka and Miss Jisna Mathew have already made their mark at the international level.
The last such notification was issued on 26.5.2016.
P.T.Usha has been a shining light of sports in India.
MoU on Cooperation in the field of health
The two Prime Ministers appreciated traditionally warm bilateral relationship and decided to take required steps to take our ties to a higher level.
“Deeply saddened by the loss of lives due to a fire at Karol Bagh in Delhi.
The Prime Minister said that top-down solutions do not yield results.
A specific project came to my notice.
However, Intellectual Property Rights of either side will stand protected.
She is always keen to help the world’s poor in meeting their five basic needs: food, shelter, health care, education, and livelihood.
Their dedication and vigour can make each Indian feel proud.
During his earlier visit on 20 November 2016, he launched PM Awas Yojana (Gramin).
The Sides welcomed mutual growth in tourism flows in the last two years, and agreed to facilitate this positive trend.
Have we thought of promoting jewellery based on these works of art?
We have also been the fastest growing aviation market in the world, with double-digit growth in passenger ticketing terms, for over four years”.
He emphasized the need to build new ways to promote harmony and integration among various States of India.
Dr Ambedkar National Memorial is being built in the house where Babasaheb had died in Delhi’s Alipur.
The Governor and Chief Minister of Rajasthan, and several Union Ministers are expected to attend the event.
Our desire to achieve all our wants has created income inequalities in communities and disturbed social harmony.
“India First” was the basic doctrine of Dr. Baba Saheb Ambedkar.
We remember him and bow before him on his Mahaparinirvan Diwas on 6th of December.
There is, therefore, dire need for revalidation of permission to raise EBRs of balance amount of Rs 660 crore (Rs. 1000 cr – Rs. 340 crore raised and utilized during 2016-17).
Congratulations to bhaiGurbachan Singh ji !
Consequently they face problems ranging from social exclusion to discrimination, lack of education facilities, unemployment, lack of medical facilities and so on.
You will never feel a test, a test again.
I had first met President Widodo in November 2014 at , and had discussed at length how our partnership could be of benefit to us and the region.
Members of the delegation also praised the Prime Minister for his efforts towards Swachh Bharat.
The scheme will catalyze quality research and address shortage of faculty in the premier Educational Institutions, he added.
We considered ideas and initiatives for further expanding it.
All of this makes it easier for the investor to do business in India.
Therefore, to leverage the energy of our youth, we are positioning India as a Start-up Nation and a global manufacturing hub.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that a fresh trend is now noticed where cities are moving forward to compete on the path of development.
The Project was included in Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchan Yojana (PMKSY) in 2016-17.
At Tirunelveli Medical College, Tirunelveli ,the project involves construction of 330 bedded Super Speciality Block (including 50 ICU beds) having 8 departments, viz.
The approval will facilitate:
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Sweden on cooperation in the field of Intellectual Property (IPRs).
The Prime Minister explained how better road rail and air connectivity is being provided to the North East, with the overall vision of “Transformation through Transportation.”
He said that the teachings of Lord Buddha have shaped many nations.
Take the case of Abdul Ghafoor Khatri of Gujarat, whohas done an amazing job of reviving the traditional Rogan painting form of Kutch.
My dear countrymen, in “Mann Ki Baat”, we talk about those persons and institutions who make extra-ordinary contribution for the society.
b) to exchange information and data related to tourism ;
These projects will significantly augment the availability of energy in the city, and the region.
Thus unfair means lead us nowhere.
The Prime Minister said that this Republic Day was special, because leaders of 10 nations joined us for the celebrations.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for Signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Arab Emirates in the field of agriculture and allied sectors.
The outlay of Rs 360 crore has been proposed to support 3-4 new MLFACs, for the three years.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will address the global celebrations of World Environment Day 2018at New Delhi tomorrow.
Their travels to India, often shaped the course of history.
Working Group Meeting of BRICS Development Banks (28-29 July 2016, Mumbai) 34.
Benefits would also flow as a result of wider reach and distribution network and reduction in distribution costs for the products and services through subsidiaries.
If we have bad handwriting, and we want to improve it, we have to consciously practice for a long time.
Seven agreements were exchanged between the two countries, covering subjects such as energy, security and civil aviation.
The revised DTAA meets the minimum standards on treaty abuse under Action 6 and Mutual Agreement Procedure under Action 14 of G-20 OECD Base Erosion & Profit Shifting (BEPS) Project, in which India participated on an equal footing.
ii. It was also decided that operating expenses for carrying out due diligence, legal and technical appraisal, convening meeting of Venture Capital Investment Committee, etc. would be met out of the FFS to the extent of 0.50% of the commitments made to AIFs and outstanding.
The third round, with respect to all Participating States, cumulatively covered concessions on 4,270 products with MOP of 27.2%.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to Dr. Syama Prasad Mookerjee on his Punya Tithi.
Foundation Stone for water supply schemes in areas inhabited by Particularly Vulnerable Tribal Groups will also be laid by PM.
I have also read about a village KallarMajra which is near Nabha in Punjab.
• 3 Anti Tank Guns and 4 Anti Aircraft Guns were seized.
The PM is on a day-long visit to Gujarat.
If Swaraj was achieved by the Satyagrahis, Shrestha Bharat would be achieved by the Swachhagrahis, the Prime Minister said.
Maldives also reiterated support for India’s candidature for non-permanent seat for the year 2020-21.
In our country it is but natural of the remembrance of Kashi .
Inaugurating the Rajyotsav, the Prime Minister distributed certificates to functionaries of two districts and fifteen blocks to mark good performance in ODF campaign.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
These are reportedly the only Naga tribes in the State.
Millions of people take a dip in the holy rivers on theoccasion of MakarSankranti.
In this context, he mentioned faster file disposal, Ease of Doing Business, GST, Direct Benefit Transfer, and access to cooking gas through the Ujjwala Yojana.
The India-UK Cancer Research Initiative is a collaborative 5-year bilateral research initiative by the Department of Biotechnology(DBT), Ministry of Science & Technology, India and Cancer Research UK (CRUK) that will focus on affordable approaches to cancer.
I can’t understand why the cost of LED bulb at that time was Rs.350.?.
Let me talk about the situation when we came to power.
Noting that significant resources are now available to several mineral bearing districts, he urged officials, both at the Centre and State level, to ensure that the funds are utilized to bring about a qualitative improvement in the quality of life, and “ease of living” of people in these districts.
We commended the New Development Bank on completion of its first year.
We have focused on financial inclusion, access to credit, digital transactions, last mile connectivity, andsupport to small and medium enterprise so as to spread development across the country and enrich all the citizens of India.
He said over one lakh Panchayats in the country are now connected via broadband.
Our convergence can help stabilize the region.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for Policy to provide Purchase Preference (linked with Local Content (PP-LC) in all Public Sector Undertakings under Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas.
The Prime Minister said that as in previous years, “Run For Unity,” will be organised to mark the Jayanti of Sardar Patel on October 31st.
In August 2015, Government of Fiji offered a plot of land measuring 6695 sq.meters at a special lease of 99 year period with a rent of FJ $ 100 per annum to be assessed every 5 years for construction of the High Commission of India in Suva, Fiji and proposed exchange of land on reciprocal basis.
The Prime Minister has also announced ex gratia of Rs. 2 Lakhs from PMNRF for the next of kin of those killed in the accident and Rs. 50,000 for those seriously injured.
However, we have also said that we will do all this in a cleaner and greener way.
I’ve experienced through ‘Mann Ki Baat’ that even a tiny incident can launch a massive campaign.
It is also a platform for business networking, for farmers, processors, traders, and logistics operators.
This time, not one but Ten chief guests would grace the Republic Day.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of new Air Services Agreement (ASA) between India and Lao People’s Democratic Republic (Lao PDR).
If we start taking pride in our legacy and if we abandon those things which are out of sync with the time, and that kind of thing doesn’t last either.
Calling the judgement historic, the Prime Minister said that it grants equality to Muslim women and is a powerful measure for women empowerment.
the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana for small enterprises,
2nd October is the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri, 11th October is the birth anniversary of Jai Prakash Narain and Nanaji Deshmukh and Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyay’s birth anniversary falls on 25th September.
These connections would be provided free of cost to the poor, the Prime Minister said.
And you can see that no one but you can make this road to the greater economic development stronger.
The fastest loading and unloading of steamers at sea ports is happening now.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved establishment and operationalistion of permanent campuses of the two new Indian Institutes of Science Education & Research (IISERs) at Tirupati (Andhra Pradesh) and Berhampur (Odisha).
The Prime Minister interacted with citizens from Rajgarh in Madhya Pradesh, and Fatehpur in Uttar Pradesh, including UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath.
This will assure fairness in tax treatment to every taxpayer irrespective of their status.
To avoid burden of double taxation between the two countries in order to promote flow of investment and services.
Whoever wants to supply any item to the government, small things such as electric bulbs, dustbins, brooms, chairs and tables, they can register themselves.
He said that these traits of self-belief and determination will help the students in times to come.
Farmers will thus have to effectively pay only 4% as interest.
PM said, ” Self-made and industrious, the contribution of Babu Jagjivan Ram can never be forgotten.
The Prime Minister appreciated the constructive suggestions made in the meeting and reiterated his Government’s commitment to the welfare of citizens of the State.
My thoughts are with the bereaved families.
I offer my tributes to the revered Swami Vivekananda.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri Pankaj Advani on winning his 18th world title in the recently concluded IBSF World Snooker Championship.
• A nursing college with an int-ake of 60 B.Sc.(Nursing) students per year, residential complexes and allied facilities / services, broadly on the pattern of AIIMS, New Delhi.
H.E. Mr. Nikolay Kudashev, Ambassador of the Russian Federation to India
In international forums, our two countries have close cooperation and common approaches on matters of mutual interest.
“I congratulate the Finance Minister Shri Arun Jaitley for this budget which strengthens the foundation of New India.
Development of Kartarpur Sahib corridor:
They highly evaluated the Military Industrial Conference process as an important mechanism to promote the “Make in India” policy of the Government of India.
We have proved that the distance of 15,000 kilometers between the two countries is just a number.
He will also address a public gathering.
Skill development projects taken up’ include coastal dis
Now just think, when 3 crore of these small businesses have got access to finance, they must have expanded their work.
Indian films are being subtitled in Portuguese.
In the evening, the Prime Minister will address a public meeting at Khanapara.
Recognising that India and the EU are natural partners, the leaders reaffirmed their commitment to further deepen and strengthen the India-EU Strategic Partnership based on shared principles and values of democracy, freedom, rule of law and respect for human rights and territorial integrity of States.
Shobha Ji, thank you very much for paying attention to this shining example of India’s pride.
• To allow change in the existing composition of the Board of GSTN inducting three directors from the Centre and the States and three other independent directors to be nominated by the Board of Directors and one Chairman and the CEO.
The Prime Minister said that societal development through ‘Bhakti’, ‘Shakti’ and ‘Jan Shakti’ was achieved by Swami Pranavananda.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Arab Emirates on Bilateral Cooperation in the Road Transport and Highways Sector to be signed between the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, India and the Federal Transport Authority – Land and Maritime, U.A.E.
PM said his Government’s drive against black money was a bold and decisive step.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a Sahkar Sammelan in New Delhi, on the occasion of the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar.
Besides usual arrangements to welcome the Prime Minister, cleanliness will also be high on the agenda.
He will also inaugurate a dialysis centre at Bijapur Hospital.
You see, if all the people of one state will do this, then I will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it and prepare publicity material based on seven common things received from each state.
BhagwanBirsaMunda sacrificed his life at the tender age of twenty five.
The monitoring system would provide an end to end solution for detection, identification, monitoring of vessels in the regions of interest for India and France.
Securing the Domains: Land, Maritime, Air, Space, and Cyber
• The Leaders underscored the importance of investment in education and human resource development to empower young generations in India and Indonesia.
b. Provision of 2G+4G seamless mobile coverage along the National Highways in Meghalaya.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today approved a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to be signed between India and Nepal for laying down implementation arrangement on Cost sharing, Schedules and Safeguard issues for starting construction of a new Bridge over Mechi River at Indo-Nepal border.
Prime Minister May thanked Prime Minister.
A 25 member delegation from the Young FICCI Ladies Organisation called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
The scheme will be available to nearly 10 crore poor and lower middle class families of the country.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and subsequent ratification of the Agreement on Transfer of sentenced persons between India and Somalia.
It provides for an industry led, practice oriented, effective and efficient mode of formal training.
The guidelines would cover three key areas namely Assisting Overseas Indian nationals in distress situations, Community Welfare activities and Improvement in Consular services.
However, it was only in May 2016 that effective action to consolidate public sector banks began to be taken by announcing amalgamation of six banks into the State bank of India.
To generate employment, we are working towards making India a global manufacturing hub.
Universal access to modern energy by 2030;
I would urge my fellow countrymen, who have heard Gayatri’s message in my ‘Mann Ki Baat’ today, that it should be a message to all of us.
The Central Government under the Prime Minister’s Blue Revolution Scheme will help the fishermen.
Expressing happiness in dedicating the National Police Memorial, Prime Minister said that the Central Sculpture of the memorial represents capability, courage and service orientation of the police forces.
They blocked it.
A Joint Working Group comprising of representatives from both countries would be constituted, the task of which would be to discuss and prepare plans of cooperation in identified sectors and to monitor the implementation of tasks determined by the Parties.
You celebrate Indian festivals as your own.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed the Kigali Agreement, which has been signed by 197 nations – including India – in Kigali, Rwanda, with the goal of curbing the use of climate-altering hydroflourocarbons (HFCs).
Name of the MOU/Agreement/Treaty
In reality, Congress loan waivers benefit few farmers.
It is rare that emigrants from one nation, who become immigrants in another, enjoy such high respect and repute in both countries.
NM-ICPS is a Pan India Mission and covers entire gamut of India that includes Central Ministries, State Governments, Industry and Academia.
He said that there are important challenges in agriculture today, which reduce the farmer’s income, and increase his losses and expenditure.
The previous year is both a mixture of both positive and negative memories.
2. The proposal consists of:
The Prime Minister said a myth has been sought to be created in recent times that “service” and “spirituality” are two different things.
The company’s primary product was hessian jute bags used for packaging of food grain used by the various State Governments.
The ‘Namami Gange” programme to clean the river Ganga is on the verge of taking off.
The most important quality of a teacher, is to awaken in his students, a sense of creativity and the joy of learning.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the proposal of Ministry of Shipping to enact Admiralty (Jurisdiction and Settlement of Maritime Claims) Bill 2016 and to repeal five archaic admiralty statutes.
He asked the youth of the nation to take up various issues and debate on it.
Agreement for International joint exchange programme between interdisciplinary theoretical and mathematical sciences programme (iTHEMS), RIKEN and National Centres for Biological Sciences (Simons-NCBS)
This is the main objective of Shivagiri Pilgrimage”
They discussed the need for stronger UN action on major global challenges including terrorism, United Nations reform and climate change.
We recall the responsibility of all States to prevent financing of terrorist networks and terrorist actions from their territories.
The reduction of FCI’s borrowing cost equivalent to the extent of the interest differential will be reflected in the Gol’s savings on the Food Subsidy Bill.
The event will be attended by the Chief Minister of Punjab, Shri Parkash Singh Badal.
Thank you very much for your phone call.
BRICS Young Diplomats’ Forum (3-6 September 2016, Kolkata) 86.
iii) Promotion of circular economy, low-carbon solutions and sustainable management of natural resources including forests.;
We are also on track to meet the 2030 Nationally Determined Contribution.
Singapore’s inspirational multiculturalism and respect for talent have nurtured a vibrant and dynamic Indian community that is contributing to deeper cooperation between our nations.
We have immense natural resources.
We welcome the early entry into force of the Paris Climate Agreement.
Dr. Mahesh Sharma
• Online one common Registration through a simplified procedure.
He had a lively informal interaction with the officer trainees in four groups.
It will have 200 general ward beds.
Prime Minister welcomed Secretary Tillerson on his maiden visit to India in his current capacity.
PM MODI: It’s my conviction, it’s my commitment.
The motto of your institute is Satyam Vada, Dharmam Chara .
The Prime Minister condoled the loss of lives in the recent terrorist attacks in Bangladesh.
I request you all to share your opinions and suggestions with everyone via MyGov.
He paid homage to martyrs at Konark War Memorial.
He also said it is a part of the Government’s vision which gives importance to world class infrastructure, and ease of doing business.
The policy is envisaged to promote growth and development of domestic steel Industry and reduce the inclination to use, low quality low cost imported steel in Government funded projects.
The Saudi side thanked India for active participation of a large number of Indian companies in the International Fairs and Exhibitions held in Riyadh and Jeddah.
The MoU will provide a framework of cooperation for focused approach in following key areas:-
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the concluding session of the Conference of Governors at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Arrangements are being made to provide farmers even better access to loans from cooperative banks and societies.
This will create additional resource enabling Punjab Government to undertake capital expenditure.
This will help India to achieve higher per hectare yields and improved nutritional contents.
Here, I am mentioning about some states but due to a sense of competition, the trend of reforms is spreading fast to all the states.
Andhra Pradesh Government has allocated 200 acres of land, free of cost, for setting up of IIPE at Sabbavaram Mandal in Visakhapatnam district.
This network would be used by the security personnel deployed in LWE affected areas.
Since the 13th Summit in Brussels last year, our relationship has steadily gained momentum.
Setting up of new AIIMS would transform the health care facilities, health education and training in the region.
But we are all eager to listen to him.
Our people should be in constant touch with each other.
Chai pe Charcha, or discussions over tea, is not just a slogan.
It is an added pleasure to talk to you in the presence of an enlightened leader like Chancellor Merkel.
SLP was filed in Supreme Court on-12.04.2017 against the judgment of High Court of Uttarakhand which was dismissed on 08.05.2017.
Last month onwards, they have started broadcasting versions in regional languages, immediately after the broadcast of my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
The two leaders agreed to strengthen cooperation to enhance maritime security in the Indian Ocean Region through coordinated patrolling and aerial surveillance, exchange of information and capacity building.
This shows our sincerity.
We are trying to put the whole country on a new track without decreasing the speed.
21. The Indian side highlighted the key initiatives taken by the Government of India to improve the ease of doing business in the country and India’s key efforts to simplify and rationalize existing rules and relax the foreign direct investment norms in key areas, including railways, defence and insurance.
“India is proud of Mirabai Chanu, who has won a gold at the World Weightlifting Championship.
“Suitably priced, stable and sustainable energy supply, is essential for rapid growth of the economy.
The world economists and institutions have observed that for the next three decades India would contribute momentum to the global economic strength.
“The bus accident in UP’s Bareilly is heart-rending.
By doubling the LPG production with the help of the recent expansion, Kochi Refinery is making a great contribution towards Ujjwala.
6. The TMO shall provide a legal production certificate for the poppy seeds to exporters following the submission of sales contract and the completion of other necessary procedures.
Our partnership is based on democratic values and commitment to an open, inclusive and rule-based global order.
You have empowered women and made your nation more inclusive.
Shri Shafiq Mir said that a vast majority of the people of the State wanted a life of peace and dignity.
I encourage you to make use of the ten-year business visa, the e-Tourist Visa, and the Visa-On-Arrival facility that we now offer to Japanese travellers.
We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them.
The Prime Minister spoke of the decline in Left Wing Extremism in the country.
India’s principled support to Africa’s liberation movements often came at a cost to our nation’s trade.
Urban Planner & Director, National Institute of Urban Affairs;
Now, it is up to you to decide whether you consider the exams pleasure or pressure.
And so the nation celebrates this day as National Science Day.
He also laid the foundation stone for the capacity expansion of the Mundra-Delhi petroleum product pipeline, and a greenfield marketing terminal project of HPCL, at Vadodara.
Can media devote just a little space, or a fixed time daily, to report, discuss, or increase awareness about what we can do to combat climate change?
It recognizes moral rights of the performers for the first time & provides exclusive economic rights to them.
The decision will ensure horizontal equity by processing returns filed by all categories of taxpayers across the country in a consistent, uniform, rule driven, identity blind manner.
Shri R. Basant, a former Judge of the Kerala High Court is the Member of the Commission.
The Prime Minister recalled the sacrifices of over 33,000 police personnel, who have laid down their lives, while performing their duty.
India is one of the few countries in the worldhaving aOne Nation-One Card fortransportation, PM added.
· The thrust of the Institute is to become a prestigious Institute in the field of Corporate Laws while enhancing its resources and revenues.
Government is working on this vision.
Sri Ramakrishna is a link between the ancient and the modern.
The Prime Minister said that India is fully committed to support the Government and the people of Nepal in the post-earthquake reconstruction efforts.
• upgradation of AYUSH Hospitals and Dispensaries,
1. AB-NHPM will have a defined benefit cover of Rs. 5 lakh per family per year.
So far, pregnant women in 53 districts were being given financial assistance of 4000 rupees, under a pilot project.
Hindu and Buddhist shrines were both respected and revered.
I believe in people’s power.
He was spiritually active until his passing away.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare for Signing of an Agreement between India and Kyrgyzstan on cooperation in the field of agriculture and food related industry.
This currently covers over 1.15 billion people and digitally authenticates over 40 million transactions daily.
• Sharing information on a real time or near real time basis, when practical and consistent with existing bilateral arrangements, about malicious cybersecurity threats, attacks and activities, and establishing appropriate mechanisms to improve such information sharing;
They have identified 100 such issues and they have asked all the colleges in Gujarat, all the colleges in the entire Saurashtra, they have invited them to register to participate in the competition to find solutions for these 100 issues.
My heartfelt respectful tributes to Neeraj ji.
At present the MSMED Act (Section 7) classifies the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) on the basis of investment in plant and machinery for manufacturing units, and investment in equipment for service enterprises.
He said the transformational shift in India, is due to the resolve of its people.
The Siddhganga Mutt regularily used to organise cattle and agricultural fairs.
During my visit, I will join the International Vesak Day celebrations in Colombo on 12th May, where I will interact with leading Buddhist spiritual leaders, scholars and theologians.
In the ultimate , any religion, faith, ideology or tradition- give us the message of peace, unity and goodwill.
In particular, he mentioned the Buddha and the Ramayana.
Entrepreneurs see opportunity in adversity.
22. Recognizing the high growth rate and the existing potential of the Indian economy, the importance of partnering in India’s growth and acknowledging Qatar’s significant investment capacity, the two sides discussed various avenues/instruments for Qatari investments in India, particularly in different asset classes and various infrastructure sectors as well as the disinvestments of Indian Public Sector Undertakings.
c. Collaboration on or joint development, organization and/or conduct of training programmes on aviation safely, on topics such as safety oversight, airworthiness, flight operations, licensing, legislation and enforcement; and / or
As such there will be no financial implication on the part of the Government.
The shareholding of Government of India in HSCL will be reduced to 49%.
33 cities of Tamil Nadu have been included in the Amrit Mission.
Our country boasts of the world’s largest youth population.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the scheme for establishment of new medical colleges attached with existing district/referral hospitals.
Algeria expressed interest to pursue space cooperation with Indta through diplomatic channels.
Background:
The greatest bulwark in ensuring adherence to my resolve; in fact my highest inspiration, have been you.
India is fulfilling all the obligations of the contract.
It will also meet the requirement of skilled manpower in BSNL/MTNL.
It will bring the criminals to justice, with a view to ensure peace and tranquility to public at large.
IARI-Jharkhand would work on the agrarian challenges and complexities of eastern India with all existing Central and State Government R&D institutions and Private sector enterprises.
They also inaugurated through video link, the Centre of Excellence for date palms at Kukama in Kutch district.
However, most of these chemicals are imported from other countries.
Our conversations have touched upon our common intent to take forward our productive all round engagement for the mutual benefit of our people.
“Bus accident in Odisha’s Angul district is heart-rending.
b) To allow that in future the issue of exemption of below Board Level Posts in Telecommunications Consultants India Limited (TCIL) may be dealt in terms of DPE OM No. 18(6)/2001-GM-GL-77 dated 28.12.2005 so that such proposal is not required to be brought before the Cabinet.
Nobody was left outside the ambit.
Noting the strong growth in India-US strategic partnership, Prime Minister Modi underscored the importance of growing linkages with Texas in the fields of trade and commerce, energy, industry, education and people-to-people contact.
The CEP seeks to promote cultural exchange and strengthen the friendly relations between India and Cambodia.
Gayatri, a young girl from Dehradun, who is a student of class 11, has phoned in with a message: –
Ganesh Chaturthi is a ten-day festival.
The couplets or ‘dohas’ of Sant Ravidas ji are very well-known.
It will benefit over 55 lakh pre-2016 civil and defence pensioners and family pensioners.
Now, he said, the objective of the Civil Services is the prosperity and well-being of the people.
Today again, I can see lot of energy and enthusiasm in this hall.
The efforts have borne fruit.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Department of Administrative Reforms and Public Grievances, Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions, Government of India, and Ministry of the Presidency and of Administrative Modernization, Government of Portuguese Republic, for ‘Cooperation in the field of Public Administration and Governance Reforms’.
The loan will be repaid to the Government from sale proceeds of the HAL land.
I wish to share the issue close to my heart with you.
The Prime Minister responded at length to various questions raised by the delegation members.
Highlighting the contributions of the Dawoodi Bohra community, Prime Minister said that the community has always played a key role in India’s progress and growth story.
We emphasized the central role for the WTO as the cornerstone of the multilateral trade architecture.
Everything is achievable.”
But, he added, we have the opportunity to fulfil the dreams of the great men and women who devoted their lives for our freedom.
– Benami Property Law that had been lying in limbo for 28 years, was implemented.
It also focuses on improving last mile connectivity and non-motorised transportation systems in the inner city.
There will be no commission charged on the transactions in the KisanMandi either from sellers or buyers, FPOs will pay a small service charge for the use of facilities such as godowns, cold stores etc.
24. The two sides agreed for regular and timely exchange of information on available investment opportunities.
We should always progress with new objectives.
During the interaction, officers shared their experiences on subjects such as innovation and teamwork in governance, healthcare, health education, agriculture, water resources, e-governance, tax administration and GST, ease of doing business, grievance redressal, and child rights.
But if something comes from outside those few things you had touched upon; a question comes which is outside the bunch of selected questions that you had prepared; you will be find yourself slipping to the rock bottom.
Links with Southeast Asia will accelerate its progress.
The extent of interest subvention may vary depending on the rate at which NABARD raises funds.
Since this is a preferential trade agreement, the basket of items as well as extent of tariff concessions are enlarged during the trade negotiating rounds which are launched from time to time.
An allocation of 2.5 per cent of CRF proceeds would provide approximately Rs.2000 crore per annum for the development and maintenance of NWs at existing rates of duties funding the CRF.
4. Both Sides agreed that their relationship is mature and confident, covering all areas and is marked by deep trust, mutual respect and close understanding of each other’s position.
A small gift by Mahatma Gandhi, has become a part of her life and a part of history.
Earlier, because of the multiple tax structures, maximum resources of the transport and logistics sector were expended in maintaining paperwork and that also led to the need for construction of new warehouses in each state.
The foundation stone of this prestigious project was also laid by him in August 2014.
In India, we are committed to walk the talk on the implementation of Sendai Framework.
For cooperation in scientific & technological research, including in areas of affordable water purification technologies, intelligent transport systems, new/ alternative materials, traditional and oriental medicines and technology packaging and commercialization.
Prime minister urged them to remain focussed and work harder to achieve their goal of reaching the podium in the coming Olympics.
I would like to say that you should set a target for yourself.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the initiative to clean the Ganga.
This, in turn, is transforming governance and public service.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and Palestine on cooperation in the field of youth affairs and sports.
The decision will make available more experienced doctors for patient / clinical care, medical teaching activities and implementation of National Health Programmes etc., which is likely to benefit society at large.
• Facilitating joint tabletop exercises covering priority cybersecurity scenarios to advance specific cooperation.
The North Eastern Council should also consider focussing on issues in emerging areas of livelihood, entrepreneurship, venture funds, start-ups and skill development.
Prime Minister Oli extended an invitation to Prime Minister Modi to pay an early visit to Nepal.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today paid his last respects to bravehearts Major Satish Dahiya, Ptr.
In December, 2014 at the World Diamond Conference held in Delhi, I had announced in the presence of the Russian President that we would set up a Special Notified Zone to achieve this.
The Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY), a Central Sector Scheme, aims at correcting the imbalances in the availability of affordable tertiary healthcare facilities in different parts of the country in general, and augmenting facilities for quality medical education in the under-served States in particular.
Jan Bhagidari has to be appreciated, the Prime Minister said, adding that today, Swachhata Abhiyan has become a social movement.
Earlier, the doors of the banks never opened for the poor.
Referring to the recent launch of the Antyodaya expresses, he said these will improve connectivity between Bihar, eastern India and other parts of the country.
I was not born with an aim to be in history books.
The Prime Minister will later visit Amreli.
This has done away with a vast range of State level and central level taxes through-out India.
Addressing a public meeting in Baghpat on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the entire stretch of the Delhi Meerut Expressway would be completed soon.
All payment will be done directly into registered bank account of the farmer.
I suggest to all of you that of all the 5-10 positive things that you might have heard, seen or would have had experienced were to be disseminated, so that other people would get to know of them and this would lead to a spirit of benevolence.
Mandatory Screening of fields through designated institutions, to be notified by Government, and conducting Pilot before actual implementation of ER Project on commercial level, are other prominent features of the Policy.
It embodies peace and humanism, and is open to all people and religions.
A summary of India’s national GHG inventory of 2014 is provided in the table below:
At the inauguration of the Health and Wellness Centre, he interacted with ASHA workers.
But more than a billion people across the globe still do not have access to electricity.
There is a great significance of sports in overall personality development.
1. SDGs integrate economic, social and environmental dimensions of development.
He said this will benefit India and particularly those working for the Railways.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Cadre Review of Group ‘A’ Executive officers of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) with net creation of 90 posts of various ranks from Deputy Commandant to Special DG ranks.
We are opening Tinkering Labs in more than 900 schools to promote a culture of innovation and entrepreneurship among children.
Vasant, the season of spring has just started to step into our lives.
These include his birthplace in Mhow, the place in London where he stayed while studying in the UK, Deeksha Bhoomi in Nagpur, Mahaparinirvan Sthal in Delhi, and Chaitya Bhoomi in Mumbai.
Excellency Prime Minister Netanyahu Ladies and Gentlemen,
On Vesak, my hope is that India and Sri Lanka will work together to uphold the ideals of Lord Buddha and promote values of peace, accommodation, inclusiveness, and compassion in the policies and conduct of our governments.
PM will also visit the museum.
Moreover, the amended Act will be in perfect sync with the agreed global standards and benchmarks towards ensuring the rights relating to life, liberty, equality and dignity of the individual in the country.
The linkages between our two countries have deep historical and civilizational roots, going back over two thousand years.
And I am the first Prime Minister of this nation who was born in free India.
He urged OTs to tour the field areas, during their postings.
They left the indelible marks on peoples’ opinion from ending cast feeling to people’s awareness, from devotion to peoples’ power, from ending Sati Kupratha to enhancing cleanliness, from social harmony to education and from health to literature and brought changes there.
Sometimes due to encroachment, sometimes due to silting, the inflow of water into reservoirs and other water bodies gets blocked.
Total FDI flows have increased steadily – more than 222 billion US dollars have been received in the last four years.
In the last few days you must have seen how rating agencies have appreciated our moves on ease of doing business.
My dear countrymen, the monsoon comes along, bringing a new ray of hope to our toiling farmers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Tripura on their Statehood Day.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Mr. Dileep Padgaonkar.
Remembering the assistance provided by the community during his tenure as Chief Minister of Gujarat, Modi said that the affection of the community brought him to Indore.
It is true that the more we give prominence to good things, the less space there will be for bad things.
The renovated stadium has a seating capacity of 1850.
Both projects will quicken the development of Assam and the Northeast.
I am very happy that in Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh, where there was discharge from distilleries, there has been a change for the better.
The Prime Minister recalled the establishment of International Solar Alliance as a landmark achievement in global efforts against Climate Change, and conveyed his appreciation for French support to this initiative.
He said the Bharat Sevashram Sangha has been able to dispel this myth, through its work.
India already provides substantial preferences in these areas to LDCs.
Our business and trade potential holds great promise.
We have to build a New India, which is free from politics of caste, communalism and corruption.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, beneficiaries explained how Mudra Yojana has helped to set up their own business and thereby helped to create employment for others.
Both sides recognised the need for ending the violence and restoring normalcy in the Rakhine state without any delay.
I request all of you to actively participate in the movement and ensure an open defecation free society and clean environment.
India has emerged as a surrogacy hub for couples from different countries and there have been reported incidents concerning unethical practices, exploitation of surrogate mothers, abandonment of children born out of surrogacy and rackets of intermediaries importing human embryos and gametes.
In the second edition this year, I hope to see the participation of at least fifty thousand young overseas Indians.
Forged in peace and friendship, religion and culture, art and commerce, language and literature, these enduring links are now present in every facet of the magnificent diversity of India and Southeast Asia, providing a unique envelope of comfort and familiarity between our people.
A grand beginning has already been made through our drives like Digital India and Skill India.
Tributes to the phenomenal hockey player, Major Dhyan Chand Ji on his birth anniversary.
The total expenditure will depend on actual market determined premium paid in States/ UTs where AB-NHPM will be implemented through insurance companies.
For the development and progress of Jammu & Kashmir, its prosperity, and fulfilment of the aspirations of the citizens, not only the J&K government, but we as responsible citizens also have a responsibility.
Further, a teacher’s eligibility test has been proposed in the Bill to assess the standard of teachers before appointment and promotions.
It will cater to film students especially those from the North Eastern states.
Arunima Sinha had earlier conquered the highest peaks in five continents, becoming the first female Divyang to achieve the feat.
The event you have organised makes the anniversary of the Chicago address even more special.
The Sauni projects include dedication to the Nation of Und-1 to RanjitSagar Lift irrigation Scheme and Machu-1 to Nyari Lift Irrigation scheme.
He reiterated the Union Government’s commitment to provide universal coverage of seven key schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts, by August 15th, 2018.
The significant reforms that will usher in, upon enactment of the Bill, are:
University Institute of Engineering & Technology, Kathua will be dedicated to the nation by the PM.
The “Solar Mamas” of Africa, trained in India, are lighting up thousands of homes across the African continent.
If we were to do this, the quality of the soil in our fields would improve and the capacity of ponds to store water would increase.
I will hold talks with President Schneider-Ammann to deepen our bilateral and multilateral cooperation.
• Seek a firm path to economic prosperity; and above all
May you all scale new heights of progress in the times to come”, the Prime Minister said.
You have seen, that he worked his entire tenure.
Government of Assam took over the institute with all its assets and liabilities in 1986 and entered into a tripartite agreement with the Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) and North Eastern Council for management of the institute.
Member of Rajya Sabha during 2012-14.
The GSLV Mk-III continuation Programme – Phase 1 is the first phase of operational flights that will enable the launch of 4 tonne class of communication satellites to meet the country’s satellite communication requirements.
A fresh and pleasant air of IT to society, We-not I, a transformation from the individual to the community is imbibed in this.
The President and Vice President also explicitly expressed their displeasure.
An area which I believe still remains untapped and needs attention is the possibility of utilising India’s large coastline for transportation and freight movement.
Prime Minister Modi will host a lunch in honour of the French President.
In this context, the Prime Minister called for convergence among all schemes of Union and State Governments, which directly or indirectly have an impact on nutrition outcomes.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratification of an Agreement between India and Croatia on Economic Cooperation.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister recalled the time that he had worked with the Bharat Sevashram Sangha in Gujarat.
Academic institutions would be responsible for the authenticity of data digitally uploaded by them into the system.
These six illustrious daughters of India circumnavigated the globe for over more than 250 days on board the INSV Tarini, returning home on the 21st of May.
I am Sharmila Dharpure speaking from Mumbai.
Therefore, a mass rapid transport system is essential to address the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
There has been an increase in the disgust towards squalor.
The program aims to boost enrolment, attendance, and retention in schools and to improve the health profile of children in the age group of 6-14 years.
The goal is to provide a shared environment to support research and foster new climate, earth, space and marine research.
The Prime Minister announced that women officers of Short Service Commission in the Indian Armed Forces would now be eligible for permanent commission through a transparent selection process.
The 2nd of October, this year, has a special significance.
We are continuously workingto improve the investment climate further and make ourselves more and more competitive.
How many people would have faced problems because of this !
He said that several members have shared their views and there was considerable discussion on demonetization.
Those who are un-organized and undisciplined, do those things in the evening that they should have done in the morning and then the work they had to do in the afternoon is done late at night.
Addressing IAS Officers of the 2014 batch at the Inaugural Session of Assistant Secretaries, the Prime Minister said that they had a great opportunity to enhance their skills and learning, far beyond what they had imbibed during their training so far.
The estimated cumulative cost of the project is Rs. 179.54 crore in first three years.
The Prime Minister said that in the last four years, a new direction has been given to public healthcare in India.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority areas.
President Ghani briefed the Prime Minister on initiatives by his government towards peace & reconciliation and also in confronting the challenges of terrorism and extremism imposed on Afghanistan and its people.
When the time will come to counsel your own children, you will not be able to look them clearly in the eye, burdened as you will be with your own sense of guilt.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Bihar tomorrow on 17 February 2019.
This year in July, we have implemented the highly complex task of migrating to a uniform Goods and Services Tax for the whole country.
11. The two leaders expressed strong condemnation of the phenomenon of international terrorism, reiterating their firm resolve to cooperate together to root out this global menace which threatened all nations and societies.
Captain Nishad’s efforts for the progress of Bihar were noteworthy.
We regard the Republic of Korea as a valued friend, a nation with which we have a Special Strategic Partnership.
Prime Minister Modi is the fourteenth recipient of this award.
c) NSSF in the future shall, with the approval of Finance Minister, invest on items the expenditure of which is ultimately borne by Government of India and the repayment of principal and interest thereto would be borne from the Union budget.
6.The two countries will update the bases of cooperation according to a convergent and comprehensive plan, will evaluate the progress made in diverse fields and will set new objectives and themes to strengthen the agenda of bilateral relations.
This objective is of particular significance for developing countries and emerging economies such as India, which is today the fastest growing large economy in the world.
f. Clearly define the procedure /implementation of programmes.
He laid foundation Stone of Medical College in Sayli, Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
“India is proud of Dipa Karmakar!
HEREBY agree to the following:
It was a young boy vis-à-vis an enormous task at hand.
• The Leaders welcomed the successful launch of the satellites LAPAN A2 in September 2015 and LAPAN A3 in June 2016 by ISRO.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, attended the CPSE Conclave at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi today.
I wish you luck in everything you want to do.
They have returned after unfurling the Tricolour in the seven seas, colouring their waters with the hues of our Tricolor.
They agreed to work together to create institutional linkages and to establish a framework of cooperation in the following areas:
Mid-Day Meal Scheme is considered to be the largest of its kind programme in the world.
Swami Vivekananda had said Each work has to pass through three stages – ridicule, opposition, and then acceptance.
The Prime Minister also noted that Bhuj would get a modern bus port, like other cities in Gujarat.
“Remembering Acharya JB Kripalani and Maulana Abul Kalam Azad on their birth anniversaries.
The pelters started laughing.
Our effort for that engagement is continuing.
iii) Coverage of 5 lakh for each family, (no restriction of family size)
So priority has been given in a way to the spread of education.
He said that the BHIM App for digital transactions, is the Union Government’s homage to the economic vision of Dr. Ambedkar.
Prime Minister Modi also said that he is looking forward to his forthcoming meeting with President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who will be on a State Visit to India on 22-26 March 2018.
We have also not hesitated in shouldering our responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security.
India needs better ports and more ports, he added.
That ‘Something’ is flexibility, the ability of transformation.
India welcomed Myanmar’s desire to seek cooperation with it to develop Myanmar’s textile sector covering standardization, inspection and quality recommendations, research & development, human resource development and capacity building .
Today, our country is talking about Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities and paying attention to the youngsters engaged in modern agriculture in the rural areas.
AlM’s objectives are to create and promote an ecosystem of innovation and entrepreneurship across the country at school, university, research institutions, MSME and industry levels.
My dear citizens
He was one of the senior most leaders of India.
We are striving to minimize this expenditure for the poor and the middle class.
The Prime Minister began the meeting with a review of the situation arising out of flood and other natural calamities in the North-Eastern States.
The Agreement covers the following areas of cooperation:-
My dear countrymen, we must take our fight against black money and corruption to the next level.
It is essential to be flexible and make best use of one’s time, he added.
In her welcome address, External Affairs Minister said India today feels proud under the dynamic leadership of PM Modi.
Our Government with an aim to reduce this pain, has changed the regulatory regime.
But, self interest alone is neither in our culture nor in our behavior.
India is swiftly changing for the better.
He said that once this context is understood, the stress will reduce.
Production of pulses became a concerns, but despite all that we tried our best to control the situation and compared to previous governments, I and my government did not allow the cost of a poor man’s thaali (plate) to be unaffordable.
3. Promoting human resource development in tourism and travel-related industries in both countries;
“I congratulate Justice Dipak Misra on taking oath as the Chief Justice of India.
Today, only the Government or external lenders like World Bank or JICA provide long term money for infrastructure.
The signing of loan agreements for development projects in India with the European Investment Bank is also a welcome step.
They are patient and determined.
• Solar Photo-Voltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
Long before any faith, any culture, India had women saints who took up the issue of gender equality.
India saw how some people are so deeply opposed to development:
And, its only aim is to support Sri Lanka in realizing a peaceful, prosperous and secure future for its people.
The Memorandum of Understanding shall enable the following potential interest areas of cooperation such as,
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Myanmar on upgradation of the Women’s Police Training Centre at Yamethin, Myanmar.
History is witness to how Mahatma Gandhi’s stay in South Africa impacted him and the history of the world.
For Clerks and Peons in PSBs, FIs and PSICs, the Income Test as revised from time to time will be applicable.
I abide by this principle.
I am very happy to welcome Argentina as a new member in the International Solar Alliance (ISA).
These districts will no longer remain dependent and backward, he asserted.
The guidelines give first priority for utilization of land of CPSEs under closure for Affordable Housing as per the relevant guidelines of Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA).
In disaster after disaster, affected people are using social media to help each other.
Cho Ramaswamy
Greater involvement of State Governments in agri exports
In India, we have undertaken substantial reforms in the last two years to streamline and simplify governance, especially doing business in India.
These would help financially strengthen both LIC and the bank, as well as their subsidiaries which offer financial products such as housing finance and mutual funds.
I have always considered my engagements with you extremely useful.
The Prime Minister will also lay the Foundation Stone for an International Convention Centre in Varanasi.
Several baodis (stepwells) are famous as tourist spots but please do not forget that these are the living symbols of the water conservation campaigns which our forefathers had accomplished.
Everyone has tried to rid the country of its problems in one’s own way.
Hence, during examinations too, an atmosphere of festivity should be created in the whole family, amongst friends and around the neighbourhood.
But, India alone cannot walk the path of peace.
Your affection gives me a great motivation to keep working hard.”
PM unveils various development projects
The Prime Minister said that the North-East can be the New Engine of India’s growth.
It is a deep-rooted curiosity-driven scientific tradition which allows quick adaptation to new realities.
He mentioned enhanced air and rail connectivity, better roads, big bridges etc.
The two leaders welcomed the conclusion of the MOUs and directed concerned individuals to ensure that implementation of existing agreements, Memoranda of Understanding and other frameworks of cooperation, is fast-tracked.
The MoU is intended to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
He described this as another effort towards “ease of living.”
• During this period more than 5,000 foreign terrorists were killed which is almost equal to the strength of 5 Battalions.
We faced a particularly challenging domestic and external environment.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express train.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated various projects in Junagadh district.
Your Excellency Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Kenya; Cabinet Secretaries; Chairmen of various Chambers and associations of Commerce & Industry; Friends from the Business Community of Kenya and India;
The Prime Minister at the Vastral Gam Metro Station, will inaugurate the Phase-1 of Ahmedabad Metro.
We are making progress in developing plans for utilization of the additional 1 billion US Dollar earmarked by India for capacity and capability building in Afghanistan.
India was proud to undertake restoration and preservation of Angkor Wat temple during the difficult period from 1986-1993.
Our Government has opened bank accounts for the poor.
He inspected a tri-services guard of honour on arrival at the Air Force Station in Jodhpur.
In case any manufacturer is aggrieved, a grievance redressal committee set up under the Ministry op Steel shall dispose of the complaint in a time bound manner, in four weeks
In the last two years – 2014-2016, we facilitated the repatriation of over ninety thousand Indian nationals from nearly 54 countries.
Greetings to the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
The President and I also discussed ways to strengthen our partnership in other inter-governmental organizations and regimes.
He felicitated all the members of the group.
Our Start-Up India programme is a comprehensive action plan to foster entrepreneurship and promote innovation.
Particularly, Amma’s initiative on building toilets has been a great help in our Swachh Bharat Programme.
India’s dynamism is not of mere words.
—these are all reflections of this approach.
This would also lead to setting up a Joint Working Group, drawing members from DOS/ISRO, and Indonesian National Institute of Aeronautics and Space (LAPAN), for the purpose of achieving the goals of this agreement.
The Prime Minister gave the example of Government e-Marketplace (GeM) to show how small traders are competing successfully in provision of supplies to the Government.
Today,India’s development cooperation with Sri Lankaamounts toUS Dollars 2.6 billion.
He appreciated the development work that has happened in the Kutch region over the last 20 years.
Today the country is constructing twice the highways and four times more houses in the villages.
Union Minister of Railways and Coal, Shri Piyush Goyal will lead the team of officials and media persons aboard the train on its inaugural run tomorrow.
• A transformation of governance cannot happen without a transformation in mindset.
iv. The State Councils are also envisioned to mirror the Central Council,comprising 7 ex-officio and 21 non-ex officio members and Chairperson tobe elected from amongst the non-ex officio members.
As in the case of Mauritius, the treaty with Cyprus had provided for residence-based taxation of capital gains.
The Scheme will increase the availability of suitable number of Court Halls and Residential Accommodations for Judges / Judicial Officers of District and Subordinate Courts all over the country including at District, Sub-District, Taluka, Tehsil and Gram Panchayat and Village levels.
He highlighted the issue of terrorism, and brought it to the centrestage, globally.
It has bestowed upon us a sense of security.
Parliament is to give an argument for one’s opposition, to present an argument when they support.To uphold this basic spirit of Parliament, is the responsibility of every person who values democracy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and Singapore in June, 2018 on the constitution of a Joint Working Group (JWG) on FinTech.
Who’s at the lead of this?
• Increase Maternity Benefit from 12 weeks to 26 weeks for two surviving children and 12 weeks for more than two childern.
Both sides committed to ensuring that the Security Council continues to play an effective role in maintaining international peace and security as envisioned in the UN Charter.
The formalities relating to transfer of land to KVS would be within a period of two months.
However, whichever path you people choose today, in that path, the term CA should mean Charter and Accuracy, Compliance and Authenticity.
This roundtable will be attended by eminent educationists of India and key policy makers in Government of India and State Governments.
This will also provide opportunities for diverse research in the field of peaceful uses of space technologies.
In this context, he mentioned the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for revision of the project outlay for setting up of India Post Payments Bank (IPPB) from Rs. 800 crore to Rs. 1,435 crore.
He has given a message regarding water conservation.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners and complimented them for their exemplary performance in the best ever medal tally for India in Asian Games.
Over the last two decades, the world, and especially our region has undergone many changes – most of them positive.
One runs short of words in complimenting and congratulating our scientists, their entire team.
For the benefit of the Nation, for the benefit of the people, whatever needs to be done will be accorded our top priority.
It will provide digital or a printed copy of the academic award with security features to the students or other authorized users.
Ms. Kampeta Sayinzoga Director General, NIRDA
He asked all Chief Secretaries to further boost efforts to increase registration under GST, and to achieve a quantum jump in this regard within a month.
The Prime Minister gave several illustrations of innovations that had made a positive difference in the lives of the tribal communities.
He reminded the gathering of the large number of professionals, including lawyers, who had played a key role in the freedom struggle, and urged the Chartered Accountants to follow in their footsteps, and advise their clients to follow the path of honesty, as the country ushers in a new era of economic integration, with the Goods and Services Tax.
3. Prime Minister Modi and His Royal Highness Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz held delegation level talks at Hyderabad House on February 20, 2019.
This would pave the way for reserving State Government jobs to the youth of J&K who are from economically weaker sections belonging to any religion or caste.
Mr. Shanta Raj Subedi, Secretary, Ministry of Finance
He said that connectivity is at the core of all round development.
In particular, our infrastructure and socio-economic ministries must make appropriate use of science and technology.
An arena for a prosperous and healthy future for Jaffna’s youth.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Amendment of the Jallianwala Bagh National Memorial Act, 1951.
The policy advocates allocating major proportion (upto two-thirds or more) of resources to primary care followed by secondary and tertiary care.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Costa today launched a unique startup Portal – the India-Portugal International StartUp Hub (IPISH) – in Lisbon.
Efficiency has gone up by 30 percent.
What is that ‘Special Something’?
India’s first indigenously developed payment eco-system and automatic fare collection system based on One Nation, One Card Model was also unveiled.
It was a habit of previous governments to make announcements while keeping the elections in mind and then to forget the people and the schemes.
This is among the highest number for any country.
He then laid the foundation stone of Guru Ravidas Birth Place Development Project at Shri Guru Ravidas Janmasthan Temple, Seer Goverdhanpur.
A month after the Budget session, various committees deliberate upon the details of the Budget proposals.
v. To meet the increasing domestic demand of herbal raw-materials and also to promote export.
It will undertake research, education, extension programmes in its mission towards developing quality human resource, generation of farmer friendly technologies to enhance productivity, quality and profitability.
She travelled to various countries and raised her voice against the mischievous propaganda against Sanatan Dharma and ideology.
But despite that, in such a short time, the pace at which the country has moved forward, and it’s not on one subject.
28. The Government of Myanmar thanked India for its decision to grant special pardon to 40 Myanmar nationals who are currently undergoing imprisonment in India for various crimes.
My Government has been proactively following the ‘Act East Policy’.
This is the identity of your Dynamic Course and the Credibility of Examinations.
We note with satisfaction that Intra-BRICS Tourism has grown despite the global economic downturn.
Now, our partnership is about a shared and prosperous future, which realizes the dreams of Madiba and Mahatma for our people.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for Amendment in the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, 2012 to make punishment more stringent for committing sexual crimes against children.
Our students will cherish this extraordinary experience of interacting with you.
Former Prime Minister of Canada, Stephen Harper, who is on a visit to India to attend the Raisina Dialogue, met Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi earlier today.
MoU on Antarctic Co-operation between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Worship of the Argentine Republic and the Ministry of Earth Sciences of the Republic of India
Two new middle income categories have been created under the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana in urban areas.
MoU on Implementation of the Grant Component of India’s Post-Earthquake Reconstruction Package in the Education Sector in Nepal
But,the games were also an important landmark in world history.
The lost decades speak to us about the ravages of a long drawn war.
There is a competition among all the cities under the Clean India Mission, there is a competition to declare itself free from open defecation before others.
And Mahatma Gandhi always said, that forgiveness is the quality of great men.
This is the real power of democracy.
He said big sums of money that is locked up in these cases, could have been used for the welfare of the poor.
Our efforts and our trust were fortified by our Divyaang brothers and sisters when they returned with 4 medals from the Paralympics.
Since the inception of Belmont Forum in 2009, its operations were being handled by a part-time secretariat associated with the respective Chairs of the Belmont Forum.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to HH Pramukh Swami Maharaj on his Jayanti.
Exchange programmes in the field of Youth Affairs between India and Russia will help in promoting exchange of ideas, values and culture amongst Youth through establishment of people-to-people contacts and in consolidating friendly relations between the two countries.
The MoU was signed on 14th November 2018.
Hence, the partnership will promote Make in India, and contribute to employment generation.
The success of recent events like the Business & Investment Meet and Expo, the ASEAN India Business Council Meeting, the Biznet Conference, the Start-up Festival and Hackathon and an ICT Expo have shown encouraging results.
“Easter greetings to everyone!
Laying out the broad contours of India’s development path, the Prime Minister said that judicious and intelligent application of India’s natural resources and human resources, would be at the heart of this change.
Civil Appeal No.9093/2013 was filed by Dr. Subramanian Swamy pleading for directions to the Election Commission to use VVPAT Units in all polling booths.
In the evening, I will address a public meeting at Khanapara.
Both leaders welcomed the signing of an MOU on cooperation in exchange of intelligence related to money laundering, related crimes and terrorism financing.
And I also specially request you to visit the place and see for yourself the works of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore ji.
Digital copies of 100 Netaji Files were released by the PM in January 2018 in public domain at National Archives of India.
These opportunities range from building millions of houses to setting up hundreds of smart cities; modernization of railway networks and stations to setting up of high speed rail corridors; generation of renewable energy to construction of transmission and distribution networks.
Among those winning medals for our country are a large number of our daughters which is a very positive sign; so much so, that youngsters of only 15-16 years of age have brought honour to our country by winning medals.
The NAM is being implemented by Ministry of AYUSH with the objectives of providing cost effective AYUSH Services, with a universal access which involve, among other things –
• Bathinda, Punjab in July 2016
He had previously served with many Chief Ministers of Gujarat.
I have heard of the phrase “Kollam kandalillamvenda” which means once in Kollam, one never misses home.
It will cut down the time taken to cross the Zojila pass from the present three and a half hours, to just fifteen minutes.
If there is water today, only then can there be a tomorrow.
We have to think of ‘Badal Sakta Hai’- this attitude will help us as a nation.
It will bring water from Tapi river and supply linked dams, ponds and canals benefitting 1 lakh farmers of 100 villages..
The Prime Minister firmly said that those who believe in MaaUmiya can never support female foeticide.
‘Make in India’ has celebrated its second anniversary recently.
The programme is expected to spur research and development within the country in niche science and technology domains.
This decision will enable better access to credit for small shop-owners and small enterprises.
The Prime Minister mentioned the ongoing Kumbh Mela at Prayagraj, and said the world was taking note of the cleanliness that had been kept at Kumbh this time.
While we have come down heavily on corruption, we are at the same time rewarding the honest tax-payers.
2. It will ensure mobilization of households under the auto inclusion category and households with at least one deprivation category listed in the Socio Economic Caste Census – 2011.
Exhorting the OTs, the Prime Minister said that the “sense of career,” which had successfully brought them to LBSNAA, should now be replaced by a “sense of mission” – to serve the people of India.
Both Sides agreed to revive cooperation under the Integrated Long Term Programme for cooperation in the field of Science, Technology and Innovations between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Russian Federation by drawing up a roadmap for further cooperation between different Laboratories, Academia, Universities, Institutions and Organizations in scientific and technology areas of mutual priority.
FATF should be tasked to formulate a standard definition of fugitive economic offenders.
I am confident that this visit will open a new chapter in our bilateral cooperation with Germany and further deepen our Strategic Partnership.
Chennai, Koimbatoor, Madurai, Tanjavur, all these big cities are among the ten cities in the state which have been selected for the Smart City Mission.
He said districts and cities must also be part of a virtuous competitive environment of development and good governance.
The R&D work in AMF TCP is carried out within individual projects called “Annex”.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Friday met and interacted with a group of over 90 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
The amendments to Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 are as follows:
As such, it will control the unethical practices in surrogacy, prevent commercialization of surrogacy and will prohibit potential exploitation of surrogate mothers and children born through surrogacy.
The Prime Minister said that India has set a target to eliminate TB by 2025, which is well before the global target of 2030.
Japan needs opportunities where it can deploy its hard earned knowledge and technology.
Mr Prime Minister I would like to start by taking you back to 20th May 2014.
The underprivileged of the country are deeply connected to Lord Jagannath.
52. The Sides expressed the serious concern about the possibility of an arms race in outer space and of outer space turning into an arena for military confrontation.
He emphasized that all of us have the strength to try and ward off these evils, and make this nation great.
Welcoming the Prime Minister on the occasion, the General Secretary of Bharat Sevashram Sangha, Sreemat Swami Biswatmananda ji Maharaj, spoke of the glorious spiritual and service traditions of India.
This would also ensure networking of international Training Centre of International Labour Organisation (ILO) with the BRICS Network of Labour Institutes which includes V.V. Giri National Labour Institute of India.
Speaking on the importance of conserving water, the Prime Minister said that in order to learn about water conservation, people should visit Porbandar in Gujarat, and see the home of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today handed over the “Chaadar” to be offered at Dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti, Ajmer Sharif, to the Minister of Minority Affairs, Shri Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi.
21 January, 2019- Youth Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratification of the Investment Cooperation and Facilitation Treaty (ICFT) between India and Brazil.
The memorandum of understanding will become operative from the date of signing and remain in effect for three years.
This gap should never have been so long.
The Union Minister of State for Youth Affairs and Sports Dr. Jitendra Singh was also present on the occasion.
· 19th Meeting of the Contact Group on Economic and Trade Issues (CGETI) – 2 to 4 July (Gauteng)
He said visitors can see the true picture of the progress the State has made in the last few years.
1. At the invitation of Prime Minister Theresa May, the Prime Minister of India, Mr Narendra Modi visited the United Kingdom (UK) as a Guest of Government on 18 April 2018.
Road connectivity, rail connectivity, internet connectivity, gas grid, electricity connection and taps of clean water are required.
The country’s woman power has contributed a lot in the positive transformation being witnessed in our country & society these days.
iii) Medical Research;
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for closure of Autonomous Bodies, namely, Rashtriya Arogya Nidhi (RAN) and Jansankhya Sthirata Kosh (JSK) and the functions are proposed to be vested in Department of Health & Family Welfare (DoHFW).
Sanskrit language & literature encompasses a storehouse of knowledge pertaining to every facet of life.
Welcoming the constructive discussion and suggestions made by various Chief Ministers, the Prime Minister assured the gathering that these suggestions would be seriously considered in the course of decision-making.
This is being invested so that this kind of nucleus, this kind of individuals continue to be created within the country with a mission mode thatcontinue to inspire others, so that the determination of the country continues to increase and that is why in a way it’s an effort to develop the lives and develop the country through those developed lives.
He said it is not surprising that people of Indian origin have integrated themselves fully with their adopted lands.
The NCTE Act, 1993 came into force on 1st July, 1995 and is applicable throughout the country, except the State of Jammu and Kashmir.
It also has immense strategic importance.
Thereafter, the institutes are expected to meet their running cost / maintenance cost from the internal generation of funds.
After seeing the ups and downs of history, these brothers and sisters of ours want to be a part and parcel of India.”
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
· Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Disaster Management – 29 June to 1 July (East London)
3. Overall, what do you think about the Government’s moves to tackle black money?
But the way our 125 crore countrymen had shown patience and faith, we were able to take one after another step in our drive against corruption.
Whenever a natural calamity strikes, it is the underprivileged, who are the first in bearing its brunt.
Our target was to complete 99 irrigation projects of the country that were stuck midway for years by 2019.
To achieve this there is cooking gas for all.
125 crore people of this country are going to take my exam.
This is our national duty.
And this is exactly what we require today- building bridges.
Belgium is India’s second largest trade partner with the European Union (EU).
India and Israel will make an contribution of four million US Dollars each for the Fund, both equivalent amount, annually for five years.
I wish this exhibition a grand success and I am sure that you will all benefit from it.
27. Our fight against black money and corruption will continue.
The project will ease the public transport in Patna and adjoining areas.
India today is among the most open economies.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Note submitted by the Department of Commerce and approved the approach to be adopted by India at the Eleventh Ministerial Conference of the WTO held in Buenos Aires, Argentina in December 2017.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the media persons on National Press Day.
Indian-Americans are a powerful cementing force in our growing economic and cultural ties.
The formation of the NICDIT will enable development and implementation of Industrial Corridor Projects across India by bringing in holistic planning and development approach and sharing the learning from development of Industrial Corridors, which will enable innovation in areas such as planning, design development and funding of such projects.
They should help maintain their children’s faith in themselves.
But today more than expanding education what is necessary is to improve the quality of education.
The district administration has opened bank accounts of over 55-60 thousand daughters under ‘Sukanya Samridhi Yojana’.
Present here on the dais, Chief minister Shri Vijaybhai, Deputy chief minister Shri Nitin Bhai, Former chief minister Anandiben, Members of the Council of ministers of the state, my colleagues in the Union Council of ministers, Members of Parliament, Mayor and my brothers and sisters present here in large numbers.
Referring to the MoU on cooperation between Gujarat and the Andijan region of Uzbekistan signed during the State Visit, Prime Minister noted the presence of the Governor of Andijan region in the Uzbek delegation and expressed hope that as a result of President Mirziyoyev’s visit, relationship between Uzbekistan and India and region-to-region cooperation between Andijan and Gujarat would be further strengthened.
The MoU shall facilitate exchange of experiences, best practices and technical knowhow through both public and private sectors among the participating BRICS nations and shall contribute to sustainable development, protection and preservation of Environment.
Arrogance got them down to 44 from 400.
One has to manage it with medicines.
During the same event, the Prime Minister also inaugurated the 555-bed Super Speciality Block in Safdarjung Hospital.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his greetings to the nation on Christmas.
We also agreed to expand our scholarship and training programmes.
Whenever you come to Delhi, you must pay a visit to these places.
Farmers will thus have to effectively pay only 4% as interest.
Speaking on “Ek Bharat, Shreshtha Bharat”, he said we must always recall the factors which unite us.
We are thankful to the South African government for introducing 10 year BRICS (ब्रिक्स) visa for regular business travellers.
I look forward to working with you to take the relationship to new heights.
The Central Road Fund (Amendment) Bill, 2017 would be moved by the Ministry of Road Transport & Highways in the ensuing Monsoon Session, 2017 of the Parliament.
Neeraj ji has said
PM added that the animal husbandry sector, fisheries have been taken care of in the Budget for New India.
This award would be given for outstanding efforts to further national integration.
We also connect aspirations with achievements, optimism with opportunities and hope with happiness.”
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting.
Prime Minister Modi will dedicate first new Bhabhatron with precision technology (Multi Leaf Collimator), to the nation.
He will unveil several development projects there.
• eliminating registers used by AWWs
It will enable technical cooperation in the following areas:-
All states and Union Territories have been requested to celebrate the occasion in a grand manner.
We have carried out operations in conflict zones and rescued not only Indians but also nationals of many other countries.
Two types of waste bins will be available, one would be of green colour and the other blue.
A Committee of Chief Ministers made recommendations to rationalize Centrally Sponsored Schemes.
The success of democracy in India has attracted the attention of almost every political system around the world.
The health workers and beneficiaries across the country shared their experiences with PM.
Makar Sankranti greetings.
These athletes bagged a tally of 72 medals, creating a new, unprecedented record, bringing glory to the nation.
I would also call on Her Majesty The Queen, interact briefly with CEOs of the two nations who are working on a new agenda of economic partnership, launch an Ayurveda Centre of Excellence in London, and welcome the UK into the International Solar Alliance, as its newest member.
Our soldiers and Paramilitary forces lay down their lives to uphold the dignity of the tricolour that inspires us to hold our heads high through life and death.
5 Heads of States from Uzbekistan, Rwanda, Denmark, Czech Republic and Malta along with the captains of industry from various sectors & over 30,000 delegates from India and abroad are taking part in the event.
Protocol amending the Agreement between the Ministry of Agriculture & Farmer’s Welfare of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Agriculture and Food of the Republic of Belarus signed on April 16, 2007
Besides, the provisions for survey, inspection and certification of vessels which were scattered in various Parts of the existing Act are placed together to provide for a simplified regime for convenience of Indian shipping industry.
I am blessed on coming here in Mokama.
He said this spirit brings about a positive change, and engenders a sense of responsibility.
Chhavi Yadav ji, thank you very much for your phone call.
Our Constitution has been guiding us in realizing our dreams by stating that every section of the society and every geographical part of India must get an equal opportunity in the quest to forge ahead.
Can we redesign our brick kilns for reduced emissions and greater energy efficiency?
Further, the MoU will boost high-tech jobs in the two countries in both core Science & Technology and R&D fields, and also the field of implementation.
At the outset, I must compliment the people and leadership of Kenya for overall development and stability since independence.
It would be very unfair to see Yoga only as a set of exercises that keeps the body fit.
Reflecting on the strong educational and cultural bonds between the two countries, the leaders welcomed the growing number of Indian students studying in the United States, which increased by 29 percent to nearly 133,000 students in 2014-2015, and looked forward to increased opportunities for American students to study in India.
He reiterated former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s vision of “Insaniyat, Jamhooriyat, Kashmiriyat,” for the State of Jammu and Kashmir.
He said that the words one speak may or may not be impressive but it should definitely be inspiring.
We will continue to work tirelessly for your socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
The decision comes in the wake of the increasing instances of cancer, limited cancer treatment facilities and the need for a hospital support to carry out further research in North Eastern Region.
They will be responsible for running of NIT Andhra Pradesh which will produce high quality, technical manpower which will fuel entrepreneurship and generation of job opportunities throughout the country.
In a way it provides for a healthy environment and atmosphere for debate and discussion.
On the eve of the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit (AICS) to celebrate 25 years of India-ASEAN partnership, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi had separate bilateral meetings with Her Excellency Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, State Counsellor of Myanmar, His Excellency Mr. Nguyen Xuan Phuc, Prime Minister of Vietnam and His Excellency Mr. Rodrigo Roa Duterte, President of the Philippines on Wednesday.
My only family is 130 crore Indians.
Next week, I will have the pleasure to host His Highness the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi, as the Chief Guest at India’s Republic Day.
The Prime Minister interacted with family members of Shri Vajpayee.
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO), India and National Agency for Drug and Food Control (BPOM), Indonesia on cooperation in the field of pharmaceutical products, pharmaceutical substances, biological product and cosmetics regulatory functions.
A number of assets would be taken up by Inland Waterways Authority of India to provide services on Brahmputra River (NW-4).
From Jeev to Shiv
Be it the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our Air Force for the commendable efforts of our Air Warrior.
Thus began a new journey of India’s reintegration with the East.
Means: the wealth that increases by giving, that wealth is knowledge and is supreme among all possessions.
Many of you may be getting to know this for the first time.
The themes of Social Justice and Sustainable World Peace, chosen for the Vesak day, resonate deeply with Buddha’s teachings.
Have you ever thought about how much food we waste?
The cooperation will also lead to improving the skills and deployment of non-power technologies in the areas of water, health care & medicine, environment, etc., for the benefit of the society.
Prime Minister also inaugurated the super speciality blocs of Rajaji Medical College, Madurai, Thanjavur Medical College and Tirunelveli Medical College, as a part of Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana, which aims to upgrade 73 medical colleges across the country.
The IPPB will provide bouquet of payments/financial services through its technology enabled solutions which will be distributed by the Department of Posts (DoP) employees/last mile agents transforming them from mail deliverer to harbinger of financial services.
Implementation strategy and Targets:
Your collective presence here has also touched the hearts of my 1.25 billion fellow Indians.
Our trade with Africa is now over US$ 62 billion.
The promulgation of new C.O. will ensure that the Scheduled Tribes of Rajasthan will get benefits of protective measures available under the Fifth Schedule to the Constitution of India.
This will help in environment preservation, prevent pollution of our rivers and ponds and also provide protection to small creatures living in water.
This waste deposited in the pit gets completely decomposed in six to twelve months time.
This is the impact of Bankruptcy and Insolvency Code.
49. Both sides look forward to the integration of migration platforms of both the countries viz., e-Migrate and e-Tawtheeq to create a robust migration environment.
It is a great honour and privilege to help launch a movement which should be the dream of every citizen of India, he added.
We are all familiar with famous football players such as Eugeneson Lyngdoh, Aibor Khongjee, and Marlangki Suting.
I extend felicitations to all on the occasion of Mahavir Jayanti.
Can’t a little emphasis be given on this aspect in Skill development?
The Forum will enable necessary dialogue on economic policies with an aim to remove impediments to trade and investment.
“We are not an assembled entity, but an organic entity,” he asserted.
Whether it is a Dalit or be it someone who has been persecuted or exploited or be it a deprived person or women, our Parliament has made the social justice even morestronger with all the sensitivity and alertness to protect their interests.
This implies that over 90 percent of our Small scale industries will be benefitted.
*build infrastructure and institutions; and
Gurbachan Singh ji had told the bride’s parents that the marriage would be performed in a solemn manner.
We are happy to share our experience with the Philippines in universal ID cards, financial inclusion, making banking accessible to all, facilitating direct transfer of benefits, and in promoting cashless transactions.
He also inaugurated the Bahubali General Hospital.
Six labour laws and three environmental laws have been changed so that young entrepreneurs need to provide only self-certification.
It is proposed to levy fine for not destroying/or deleting/ or reporting the pornographic material involving a child.
Today, we have linked five crore families in the country with toilets.
Long term arrangement with Kenya for production and import of pulses is being explored and discussed.
The schemes and the policies of this government focus upon strengthening the social democracy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the appointment of Adjudicating Authority and establishment of Appellate Tribunal under Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act(PBPT), 1988.
There have been important successes.
Appreciating their performance, he remarked that their mental strength was a key factor in their success.
To facilitate upgradation and expansion of the existing monument commemorating Princess Suriratna (Queen Hur Hwang-ok), a legendary Princess of Ayodhya, who went to Korea in AD 48 and married King Kim-Suro.
I am reminding you of this because I want the younger generation of our country to take part in sports.
But there are very few people for whom there is pleasure in the exam; for most people exam means pressure!
May Baba Saheb give us the strength to fulfil these resolutions by the year 2022.
“CCEA approved the development of four laning of Phagwara-Rupnagar Section of NH-344A in Punjab.
Accordingly the existing Guidelines for establishing Joint Venture Companies by DPSUs was approved by the Cabinet during the meeting held on 9th February, 2012 and the same was notified on 17th February, 2012.
It is planned in such a way that there would be Integrated Manufacturing Clusters (IMCs) in each of the Seven State namely Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Uttar Pradesh, on December 16, 2018.
These development projects ranging from gas infrastructure to health, will be launched at Gorakhpur by the Prime Minister.
Two-thirds of our people in India are below the age of 35.
As India implements its additional commitments, we are open to work with other like-minded partners for the development of Afghanistan.
The Joint Business Council meeting tomorrow will work to build commercial engagement through specific projects in these areas.
At a public meeting, he inaugurated the ITI at Arong, and a Modern Sports Complex.
How much stocks to keep or not to keep are decisions which the states can take.
These projects will further strengthen the roadway and railway infrastructure in the state.
I bow to Dr. Lohia on his Jayanti”, the Prime Minister said.
Laugh a lot along with your friends, share jokes with them, and just see how a calm atmosphere is created on its own.
Subjects such as good governance, discipline and conduct, women empowerment, and forensic science, also came up for discussion.
Mr. Lee sang Jik, President, Small and Medium Business Corporation
This important archive will greatly benefit our researchers.
And by creating this vertical garden on the site of railway station, they have given it a new look.
The Tughlakabad – Aerocity corridor will further improve connectivity to the Airport.
Memorandum of Understanding between ‘Sun Group Private Limited’ and Joint Stock Company ‘Pribor’
The MoU is an effective framework to deal with all issues requiring mutual assistance and cooperation in the above areas.
To give employment to our youth, we have decided to make India a global manufacturing hub.
Microbes spreading TB and malaria are bringing about rapid mutations in themselves, rendering medicines ineffective.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi received a telephone call from US President, Mr Barack Obama yesterday evening.
He added that AIIMS has come up in Patna while work is on to set up another AIIM in the state to meet the healthcare needs of the people.”
This programme is to bring back to life our glorious past; and connect Saurashtra with South Gujarat, the Prime Minister said.
We should follow the spirit of helping the poor to be able to light a Diwali lamp.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its ex-post facto approval to the signing of Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC) between India and the Kanagawa Prefectural Government of Japan in the field of Healthcare and Wellness.
So, in 2040 we can’t have the same conduct as the one we had in 2009 or 2010.
ii) All local support for Field Auditing Professionals in the UAE
A provision of funds worth Rs. 450 crore has been approved for meeting the first phase expenditure towards establishment of the said University.
India’s membership of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization will be a valuable platform to work closely on regional security and counter-terrorism efforts with Tajikistan.
Commitment to the nation and our hardwork got us from 2 to 282.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated All India Radio (Akashvani), on the launch of Akashvani Maitree.
The decision intends to ensure availability of resources with Cooperative Banks help farmers in easily accessing crop loans from Cooperative Banks to overcome the difficulties in view of the reduction in availability of cash for carrying out Rabi operations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday addressed the Indian Community in Israel, at a function in Tel Aviv.
26th March is the Independence Day of Bangladesh.
In the East Asian context, we have redefined our engagements with countries in the region, including with Republic of Korea, under our Act East Policy.
The leaders affirmed the increasing convergence in their strategic perspectives and emphasized the need to remain closely invested in each other’s security and prosperity.
Our country is a many splendoured land.
21. One more thing I would like to mention, I want to stress that in this entire exercise, there is no restriction of any kind on non-cash payments by cheques, demand drafts, debit or credit cards and electronic fund transfer.
PM will be shortly addressing the Nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 70th Independence Day.
Cho would carry views contrary, even hostile to him, and even abusive of him in his own magazine.
To protect the vulnerable and the middle class, a subsidy is paid directly to one hundred and sixty nine million bank accounts.
In the absence of such shocks, we have to make special efforts to force ourselves to make transformative changes.
The V.V Giri National Labour Institute (VVGNLI), NOIDA an autonomous body under the Ministry of Labour and Employment, Government of India and the International Training Centre of the International Labour Organisation (ITC-ILO), Turin signed anMoU in 2012 and have collaborated on several activities with mutual sharing of knowledge and experience.
We are being taught from childhood to be sensitive towards flora and fauna.
I am sure these festivals are an opportunity to make new resolves.
The mind sets of our people are also changing.
Remember our revered Bapu and take a vow to fulfill the dreams of Pujya Bapu, to build a new India, and to fulfill our duties as a citizen – let us move forward with this resolution.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has shared his vision about ASEAN-India partnership in an op-ed piece titled, “ ASEAN-India: Shared values, common destiny”.
What can you do for the country by then?
They shared the view that India and Russia have an important role to play in contributing to an open and equitable world order.
During a presentation on coal mine and mineral block auctions made by senior Government officials, the Prime Minister emphasized on a roadmap for faster operationalization of mines, post-auction.
First one is that the size of the cabinet in states was restricted to 15% of the total seats in the state Assembly.
(d) DMICDC will act as a knowledge partner for the project on payment of an annual fee @1% of the yearly internal accruals, subject to a minimum of Rs. 5 crore and maximum of Rs.10 crore per annum for an initial period of 10 years.
The benefit of the proposed modifications will be available with effect from 1st January, 2016, i.e., the date of implementation of 7th CPC recommendations.
I also understand the sentiments of those who are criticising us.
What the youth needs is a bit of encouragement and institutional support, he added.
A large number of alumni have contributed to the nation in terms of employment generation, wealth creation, and technology development.
He urged the athletes to keep up their spirit of optimism, and persevere to achieve even greater heights.
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of some visitor facilities.
From the ramparts of the Red Fort with the Tricolour as witness, I salute all the soldiers of the army, the para-military forces and the police for their dedicated service, valour and hard work.
The two Prime Ministers underlined the need for expeditious implementation of bilateral projects in Nepal, and to reinvigorate the existing bilateral mechanisms to promote cooperative agenda across diverse spheres.
The Prime Minister said that today, India is working to correct the wrongs that have entered our society.
Presently there is no Air Services Agreement between India and Mozambique.
There are technologies available which can convert waste/plastic, MSW to drop in fuels.
He has written it, and a hand written copy of it is available that one day water will be sold in shops, he wrote this thing 90 years ago.
And it is a measure of our shared ambition and commitment that six short months after that visit; your extraordinary visit is taking place to India.
They knew the law.
“Remembering Nanaji Deshmukh on his birth anniversary.
Economy growing at a fast pace, was not acceptable to the.
Excellencies and Friends,
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
Over a thousand archaic laws have been scrapped.
The extraordinary transformation in our relationship and achievements of our partnership are a clear recognition of your strong and decisive leadership.
It will be a landmark step forward in India’s journey towards becoming a major player in global Innovation and will further the objectives of National IPR Policy, 2016.
Construction of new AIIMS is fully funded by the Central Government.
Such temporary tourism facilities are also now permissible in the “No Development Zone” (NDZ) of the CRZ-III areas as per the Notification.
I am confident that my visit to Indonesia will create greater synergy between Asia’s two largest democracies and further elevate our bilateral ties.
Explaining the rationale behind the advancement of the budget date, the Prime Minister said this would ensure better utilization of funds.
The world cup was successfully organized and all the teams performed their best.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters in this hour of grief and sadness.
We should hold hands with them.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Valedictory Function of Vigilance Awareness Week 2016, at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi.
The Institute will be established in three years in two phases.
I would like to contribute the Monetary award of Two Hundred Thousand dollars that one crore thirty lakh rupees to the नमामि गंगे Fund,our effort to clean a river that is not only held sacred by all the people of India, but is also an economic life-line to millions of my countrymen and women.
And Future Output Index has crossed the figure of 60.
And, as a result, since March 2016 we extended ‘Visa-On Arrival’ facility to all Japanese nationals.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO scientists, on the successful launch of the tenth flight of India’s Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle GSLV-F05, carrying an advanced weather satellite ‘INSAT -3DR’.
Can we connect India’s farmers with markets around the world?
2. The UK and India have a natural ambition to reinforce our Strategic Partnership, based on shared values, common law and institutions, as the world’s oldest and largest democracies.
Shared, connected and clean mobility solutions are increasingly becoming the key principles of effective mobility solutions across the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Gujarat on September 30, 2018.
Cultural and People-to-People Links
A delegation led by Shri Shripad Yesso Naik, Hon’ble Minister of State, (Independent Charge).
In fact, this is the New India which we are all collectively building.
The MoU shall come into effect from date of signature of the parties and shall remain in force for a period of 5 years.
And, India is one of the fastest growing large economies in the world.
They are imparting energy to fight against superstition in each and every corner across the country.
There is an incredible spirit, vibrations and magnetic power in this holy land.
During a review of the preparations for dealing with floods, the Prime Minister emphasized that States should identify vulnerable areas, properly conduct mock drills, and carry out desiltation work to ensure the efficacy of flood-relief mechanisms.
iv. The Route Dispersal Guidelines (RDG) have been rationalised by making the criteria for declaring a route as Category I (trunk route) more transparent, while the traffic to be deployed on Cat II and IIA expressed in terms of a percentage of CAT I traffic remains the same.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the loss of lives due to attack in Dhaka.
Thereby meaning, when a guru imparts even an iota of knowledge to the student, there is no material or wealth on the entire earth that the student can make use of, to repay the guru.
I will have your image as per my perception.
The leaders reaffirmed their commitment to the Global Health Security Agenda and the timely implementation of its objectives.
Marketing and promotion of “Brand India
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed via video conference, the 99th birthday celebrations of Dada Vaswani in Pune.
In 2014, it was after thirty years that a Party got a full majority in the Parliament.
Guru Ravidas Ji was one of the greatest Saints to have been born in our land.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the gathering at the event to mark the inauguration of Umiya Dham Ashram at Haridwar, via video conferencing.
He will also address the gathering.
PM also distributed keys to some beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana in Surat.
The NDA Government is giving great priority to the heath sector, so that everyone is healthy and health-care is affordable.
They also called upon all states to deny access to weapons including missiles and drones to commit terrorist acts against other countries.
So, if our dreams are big and magnificent, exams will become a joyful experience.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Justice Dipak Misra on taking oath as the Chief Justice of India.
Alongside building a partnership for shared economic prosperity, we are also cooperating to secure our societies against common threats such as terrorism, he added.
With a view to reducing the redundancy of the provisions of their representation, the Central Government has decided to delete these provisions so that their representation does not remain mandatory any more.
The Defence Procurement Procedure has also been revised, with many specific provisions for stimulating the growth of domestic defence industry.
India has extended the Electronic Tourist Visa (eTV) facility for the South African Nationals which elicited good response from travel trade of both.
This will be extended by Cooperative Banks to the farmers in the current financial year 2016-17.
New Railway Line to be inaugurated between Balangir & Bichupali
2. The leaders reviewed the wide-ranging cooperation under the India-EU Strategic Partnership.
And when I say “let us aim to innovate’ my AIM stands for “Atal Innovation Mission’.
This proposal of the Thrissur Municipal Corporation related to widening of the existing Pattalam road, to have accident-free movement of traffic, will benefit people of the area.
He urged people to use water responsibly, and conserve every drop.
In some villages people organised food donation on this occasion.
The government bears the one time cost of the connection but the consumer pays the full price for the gas.
He said that the Government has launched the Atal Innovation Mission to promote innovation among our scientists.
PM will visit the Swachh Sundar Shauchalay exhibition at Kurukshetra and address a public gathering.
We intend to further foster development of tourism and people-to-people contacts, including by easing the visa regime.
To strengthen strategic collaboration, joint research programme and exchanges betweenLakshmibai National Institute of Physical Education, India and University of Tsukuba, Japan
84. We acknowledge the contributions of the BRICS Business Council and its 5th Annual Report, as well as of the BRICS Business Forum, to enhancing trade and business cooperation in infrastructure, manufacturing, energy, agribusiness, financial services, regional aviation, alignment of technical standards and skills development.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Qatar for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
An effort is also made that the concerned department should pay attention to such letters and comments which, somehow, could not be included in Mann Ki Baat.
I also thank my colleagues from All India Radio, FM Radio, Doordarshan, other TV Channels and the Social Media.
It is already visible on the ground.
I receive a multitude of such ideas and suggestions.
I am delighted to be present at the seventh centenary celebrations of Jagadguru Sri Madhavacharya Ji, India’s one of the greatest philosophers of the Bhakti Aandolan era.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Karnataka tomorrow – 29-10-2017.
After the conclusion of a match, representing India, when the athletes draped in the tricolor rise, displaying their medals, the notes of the National Anthem being played evoke a sense of joy and fulfillment, glory and honour.
It is an India which is Ambedkar’s India, of the poor and the backward.
This will give a solid foundation for our students to help them become innovators of tomorrow.
What could be the reason that one translates his thoughts into another language to reach out to others.
India has already committed the required support of operationalization of ISA.
1. Early Childhood Development (Germany & Chile);
a) Physical infrastructure relating to water supply, power, connectivity and specially the projects promoting tourism;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with Chief Secretaries of States and Union Territories.
PM Modi invited greater academic cooperation from Malta including the possibility of offering training courses for Maltese professionals at the Forensics University in Gujarat.
The total outlay of these projects is over Rs. 3700 crore.
Hanaya trained hard in Karate with perseverance & fervor, studied its nuances and proved herself.
The interest subsidy will be calculated at 9% NPV over a maximum loan tenure of 20 years or the actual tenure, whichever is lesser.
This question is important because this isn’t just about financial corruption but these questions have direct implications on the national security of the country.
The Cabinet also approved a number of measures to fulfil the outstanding issues related to the Bodo community.
ASEAN and India have immense opportunities — indeed, enormous responsibility — to chart a steady course through the uncertainty and turbulence of our times to a stable and peaceful future for our region and the world.
There has been criticism for long that a lot of trading, even in Indian financial instruments, is currently taking place abroad.
May the injured recover soon.”, the Prime Minister said.
Friends, while I am endorsing Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
Quoting from Dr. Ambedkar’s address to the Constituent Assembly in December 1946, the Prime Minister said despite his struggles, Dr. Ambedkar had an inspirational vision for the nation to overcome its problems.
He said messaging should rely on local languages for greater effectiveness.
She has vowed to send her only son to join the CRPF.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Odisha on 24th December, 2018.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Dashamah Soundarya Lahari Parayanotsava Mahasamarpane at Bengaluru.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
Accordingly, the total requirement of funds in 2017-18 is Rs. 2412.50 crore.
The Prime Minister said that Mahatma Gandhi instilled a spirit in every person that they are contributing to India’s freedom.
Developments post-Diwali have shown, that crores of Indians were looking for an escape from this suffocation.
India-Russia relations have stood the test of time and have been immune to external influences.
It was said that making a clean India was impossible, but people of India are making it possible.
V. PEOPLE-TO-PEOPLE COOPERATION
The combined impact on the exchequer on account of both Dearness Allowance and Dearness Relief would be Rs. 5622.10 crore per annum and in the Financial Year 2016-17 for the period of 8 months (i.e. from July 2016 to February 2017), it would be Rs.3748.06 crore.
But, today, we are making history by having a galaxy of Nobel Laureates in Gujarat.
Accordingly, introduction of the VVPAT was facilitated by amending the Conduct of Election Rules, 1961 vide Notification dated 14th August, 2013.
He added that every object associated with the National Police Memorial would inspire the citizens and educate them about the bravery of police and para military personnel.
Work is afoot to employ displaced Kashmiris in 3000 posts, he added.
Meeting of BRICS Senior Officials for Anti-Corruption 93.
It would also help to leverage the Readmission Agreement to liberalise visa and work permit regimes for legitimate Indian travellers.
A number of global reports and assessments over the last two years have shown that India has improved its policies, practices and hence its economic profile.
All 193 lighthouses are now powered by solar energy.
The Prime Minister wished all the athletes well for the Olympic Games.
The progress in implementing our third Action Plan for the period 2016-2020 is commendable.
BRICS Economic Research Award
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding between India and Saudi Arabia on cooperation and mutual assistance in Customs Matters.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed pain over the loss of lives in the bus accident, in Angul district of Odisha.
The proposal entails the following:
Name: Dr. Mahendra Nath Pandey
The ocean waters of the Indo-Pacific that lap the coast of Japan also form the surf that breaks on the shores of India.
However, at a time like this I would only say that students may listen again to what I had said in my ‘Mann Ki Baat’ last time.
We shall now have to look for technological solutions for these.
The MoU provides a mechanism for cooperation, collaboration and maximum synergy amongst BRICS member countries with the common objective of inclusive growth and shared prosperity in the newindustrial revolution.
Little Andaman, Car Nicobar, Havelock, Kamorta and Great Nicobar.
And I believe that in its next edition in 2019, participation of the Netherlands will be even more.
MoU on Drug Demand Reduction and Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs, Psychotropic Substances and Precursor Chemical and Related Matters
While aiming for fast economic growth, India is also rooted in the principles of ensuring sustainable economic growth.
He said that by 2022, when we mark 75 years of freedom, he dreams that we live in an India in which our petrol imports reduce.
Pongal greetings to everyone!
He said the launch of this Centre, the fourth in the world after San Francisco, Tokyo and Beijing, opens the door to immense possibilities in the future.
After the start of the project Customs administrations of both countries will be committed to its further expansion.
During the meeting, two MOUs were exchanged- MoU on Maritime Issues between the Ministry of Shipping of India and the Ministry of Industry, Business and Financial Affairs of Denmark and MoU between Imagine Panaji Smart City Development Limited and the Danish Embassy in New Delhi to establish an Urban Living Lab in Panaji, Goa.
From 2004 to 2014 there were several terror attacks.
Vasant, that is Spring, is acknowledged as the best of seasons.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Bilaspur in Himachal Pradesh today.
MoU on Visa exemption for Diplomatic and official passport holders.
Namaskar to everyone,
This is the truest democratic spirit in media and in public life.
Festivals lend a sweetness to our relationships, bring a warmth of togetherness in the family and foster brotherhood in society.
Deep breathing during these times is very beneficial.
Now I accept that among all the forms of yoga, Kriya Yoga has a special place.
With the growing economy and inadequate public transport services, the passengers will shift to private modes, which is already evident from the high vehicle ownership trend in the region.
In February this year, we launched our e-Visa programme for South Africa.
c) In order to give relief to small and marginal farmers who would have to borrow at 9% for the post harvest storage of their produce, the Central Government has approved an interest subvention of 2% i.e an effective interest rate of 7% for loans upto 6 months.
Quit India Movement turns 75 years on 9th August, 2017.
The shrutis, the four Vedas and Upanishads are the source of Dharma: they are sacred knowledge transmitted by great Indian sages from generation to generation.
Further, Phase-I of Patratu Super Thermal Power Station expected to commission in fourth quarter of 2022-2023.
There was a time when, like many other aspects of governance, the critical issue of defence preparedness was also hampered by policy paralysis.
I get to know so many things from you.
Firstly, he highlighted that the consuming countries, due to rising crude oil prices, face many other economic challenges including serious resource crunch.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the National Mineral Exploration Policy (NMEP).
The country had virtually become a prison.
My advice is that the wheels of development should not be re-invented.
Technical Agreement on Sharing White Shipping Information between the Indian Navy and the National Information Sharing and Coordination Center of the Republic of Seychelles
The setting up of a Chair on the Paika Rebellion, in Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, was announced.
Development is the solution to all problems, it is the way ahead, the Prime Minister asserted.
On 6th September 2017, the Indian delegation led by Prime Minister Modi held bilateral talks with the Myanmar delegation led by State Counsellor Daw Aung San Suu Kyi.
But my second question was, you put so much effort for NSG membership.
He used to say we got our freedom because of Satyagrahisand Swachchata (cleanliness) will come from Swachchagrahis.
In our culture, there has been efforts to foster a feeling of devotion and gratitude towards our farms, our soil among the people and at the same time scientific farming methods and techniques have been adopted which provide nutrients to the soil.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the convocation ceremony of the Gujarat Forensic Sciences University.
Sometime back I met him, who despite his ill health tried to get up to salute even though I said no.
The acquisition of subsidiary banks of State Bank is an important step towards strengthening the banking sector through consolidation of public sector banks.
Speaking about the cleanup of ghost beneficiaries, PM said that earlier the development existed only on paper.
Very few individuals had such objectives.
Over the last few months the country has witnessed a certain atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, ‘Digidhan’ movement.
The stake-holders will include researchers from scientific organizations, academia, R&D laboratories and industries from India and Uzbekistan.
He added that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
For projects in third countries, both parties will jointly identify viable projects.
He laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, at the Arlington Cemetery.
I share with you the strong commitment to take our bilateral engagement to a new level.
National Housing Bank would implement the scheme.
These efforts resulted in a large expansion of training infrastructure much of which is in the private sector.
We agree that, in each of the countries in the region, citizens have legitimate aspirations to fully enjoy civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights and fundamental freedoms, especially with regard to the Israeli-Palestinian situation.
The financial resources necessary to conduct research, training courses, conferences/ meetings and deputations of experts will be met from the existing allocated budget and existing plan schemes of Ministry of AYUSH.
He will visit the Swachh Sundar Shauchalay exhibition at Kurukshetra and address a public gathering.
So won’t the employment increase?
He urged Chartered Accountants to think about the goals that they can set for their profession in 2022, the 75th anniversary of India’s independence.
These are examples of how work can be achieved with the help of society.
Just a while ago we heard President Xi and Prime Minister May.
The protocol lists out offences, enforcement measures such as seizures and disposal of seized products.
Distinguished guests,
Recognizing that terrorism remains one of the most significant threats to peace and stability in the region, both sides condemned terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and agreed that the fight against terrorism should target not only terrorists, terror organisations and networks, but also identify, hold accountable and take strong measures against States and entities that encourage, support or finance terrorism, provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups, and falsely extol their virtues.
Where necessary, we have shed the burdens of our past for the progressive future of our region.
He mentioned that Government is working to provide facility of ‘Ease of Filming’ by putting in place a Single Window Clearance system, for Film Shooting approvals in different parts of the country.
This will transfer 7.5 lakh crore rupees or about one hundred billion dollars to our farmers over the next ten years, he added.
d) Encouraging organizing joint tourism events; participate in exhibitions, conferences and seminars held in the States of the Parties thus contributing to tourism development and crystalizing a joint tourism vision.
Just having the best ideas for development are not enough, the Prime Minister said.
Six, our partnership will address the challenges of climate change.
Yet, even amidst the reports of these floods, some such events happened which should be remembered.
We need to recognise and channelize the aspirations of the people of the aspirational districts, the Prime Minister said.
It is also likely to build a positive image for Indian Chartered Accountants currently working in African market and those intending to move to the African & Tanzania market.
The Agreement is also expected to facilitate trade and ensure efficient clearance of goods traded between the countries.
ASEAN is India’s fourth largest trading partner; India is ASEAN’s seventh.
The MoU will facilitate promotion of science & technology, strong foundation to the collaborative work through exchange of students, teachers, researchers and scientists between India and Russia.
Remember to recollect the incidents that inspire others.
Responding to a team that is working to create rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
Not only this, we are also the sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
I assure you and the people of Bangladesh of our commitment and continuing efforts.
And, with instincts honed over centuries, it turned naturally to the East.
We also discussed the need for the global community to take strong and urgent action against the rapidly growing and widely spreading threats of violence and terror.
It’s a common perception.
Small and large ruminants (cattle, sheep, goat) and pigs productivity, diseases and diagnostics and 3.
36. The Sides acknowledged the potential for mutually beneficial cooperation in the energy sector, and encouraged their companies to consider a wide range of opportunities for cooperation, including long-term contracts, joint ventures and acquisitions of energy assets in both countries as well as possible cooperation in third countries.
It is a great pleasure for me to welcome all of you on this 14th Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas.
It is our responsibility to follow the path of equality and brotherhood as morals from his life.
The bilateral MoA shall encourage cooperation between India and WHO.
Foundation Stone for the Centre for Tribal Studies, Acharya VinobaBhave University, Hazaribagh was also laid by PM.
While evaluating the performance of this government, never forget that you will have to make that evaluation in comparison with the 10 years of the previous government.
Students should care for their health along with their studies so that they are able to write their exams well, in good health and spirit.
The mobile App has an Electronic-wallet integrated to it, which is linked to the Kochi-1 Card.
Building a New India by 2022 requires us to work towards the twin goals of increasing economic growth as well as ensuring that the fruits of growth are shared by all.
He extensively walked around the entire temple complex, where significant reconstruction works are in progress.
56. Recalling the Johannesburg Summit’s focus on the 4th Industrial Revolution and the outcomes of the BRICS Meetings of Science and Technology and Industry Ministers, we commend the establishment of the BRICS Partnership on New Industrial Revolution (PartNIR).
Those who did not get Talak (divorce) are also sailing in the same boat.
However much one cherishes all kinds of food, one has to sacrifice that.
1. Further strengthen and deepen the ASEAN-India Strategic Partnership for mutual benefit, across the whole spectrum of political-security, economic, socio-cultural and development cooperation, through further strengthening of relevant institutional mechanisms and broadening of the network between government institutions, parliamentarians, business circles, scientists, academicians, think-tanks, media, youth and other stakeholders, for the building of a peaceful, harmonious, caring and sharing community in our regions.
Whether it is startup, BPO or e-commerce or the field of mobility, our youth has entered into new fields.
He mimicked the very exact way I converse with you during ‘Mann KiBaat’.
India stands with Afghanistan in fighting all types of terrorism.
And, when I see your young, eager and intelligent faces, I know why.
• I hope that the construction of the 500-km long bullet train will begin soon and it would become operational by 2022–23.
Till date, three rounds of trade negotiations have taken place.
It had become the centre of big economic and transportation activity.
They strongly condemned the burning of schools by anti-national elements.
Once,Naxals had kidnapped a respected person.
Section-14 and Section-15 of the POCSO Act, 2012 are also proposed to be amended to address the menace of the child pornography.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy on cooperation in the field of Health and Medical Sciences.
Investments through our ‘Make in India’ initiative, have been well supported by programmes like ‘Digital India’ and ‘Skill India’ “
In the ancient scriptures of India, rivers defined our nation and were celebrated as the giver of life.
Who brightened the homes of their fellow citizens?
He had beatific knowledge of both weapons andShaastras.
The Prime Minister said that the nation is immensely proud of our Armed Forces.
This MoU would pave the way for systematic transfer of their expertise and knowhow in skilling the manpower specially in manufacturing sector.
The loans are available to Kisan Credit Card (KCC) holding small and marginal farmers at interest subvention of 2 per cent on such storages for a period of upto six months.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Himalayas have much to offer for spiritualism, adventure and tourism, and for the nature lover.
With this thought in mind I once again bow my head before the heroes of our freedom movement.
You should also visit the trade show and the exhibition where hundreds of companies have showcased their products and processes.
The uniform licence will enable the contractor to explore conventional as well as unconventional oil and gas resources including CBM, shale gas/oil, tight gas and gas hydrates under a single license.
iv. India-Japan Innovation Hub in India;
It is a matter of happiness for all of us that today Arun Ji is also amongst us after the recovery.
He said Neem-coating of urea ended its large scale diversion.
Hello, my young friends.
Rankings are mostly lagging indicators.
The Prime Minister said Dr. Kalam inspired the youth of India.
He also appreciated those, who recorded their instances of bravery, and helped draw attention to them.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
We are one of the largest troop contributing countries for UN peace-keeping operations.
“I will be in Assam tomorrow to take part in various programmes.
In a series of Tweets, he has shared his thoughts with the people on this occasion.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Swami Dayananda Saraswati on his birth anniversary.
He invited Spanish participation in the Smart Cities initiative.
TOTAL without LULUCF
We carry the Prasad home to further distribute that there in small quantities to as many people as possible.
He expressed gratitude to the people and Government of Qatar for their exceptional warmth and hospitality during this visit.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing and implementation of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Ministry of Road Transport & Highways and ‘Transport for London’, a statutory body established under the Greater London Authority Act, 1999 (UK) to improve Public Transport in India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has conveyed his best wishes to the 6 women officers of the Navika Sagar Parikrama, who will begin their journey of circumnavigating the globe on board INSV Tarini, today.
Various stays given by the Court and repeated adjournment of hearing graves the situation and resulted in less availability of poppy seeds in the country leading to a great problems to the consumers.
Leading financial agencies have shared their optimism about India’s growth as well.
If India were to buy a higher number of Bank shares, the financial implications could be higher.
5. Regulatory framework
Argentina has strongly supported India’s membership in the Missile Technology Control Regime, Wassenaar Arrangement, Australia Group and the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
He said that ‘Swachhata Hi Sewa’ scheme will be launched tomorrow and urged the citizens to actively participate in this grand Swacchhta mission.
On the 23rd of September, the Prime Minister will briefly participate in a sanitation related activity in the village of Shahanshahpur.
It unifies the country.
My dear countrymen, my greetings (namaskar) to you all
49. India and the EU agreed to intensify cooperation in skills development and agreed to find complementarities and synergies between India’s Skill India initiative and the EU’s New Skills Agenda for Europe.
The aim is to work together to develop a mutually beneficial relationship inthe best interest of ICAI members, students and their organizations.
I have often heard people wonder, as to how the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
6. in Humanitarian and Fragile Settings (Sierra Leone & Afghanistan)
It seems to become a question of life and death.
The President of the Republic of Korea, Mr. Moon Jae-in, First Lady of the Republic of Korea, Kim Jung-sook, and former Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Ban Ki-moon, were present on the occasion.
Many of you wanted us to enable viewing and trading to happen in India.
Joint projects and works carried out under this MoU depending on the type and field of activity shall be on non-commercial or commercial basis and shall be executed either without mutual payments or on the basis of compensatory arrangements or contracts.
It is an active part of our present interaction under India’s multiple capacity building programme with Mauritius.
The Prime Minister called for speeding up of work related to redevelopment of Railway Stations, and greater creativity in the generation of non-fare revenue.
It was followed by 3D laser projection show at Dandi Kutir in Gandhinagar, Gujarat.
• Trafficking of drugs and humans;
There was competition on who can do maximum corruption,
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in facilitating this change.
It was in South Africa, where Mahatma Gandhi had started his first Satyagraha and stood rock steady in protest of apartheid.
In addition, we have also devised a small deposit savings scheme for girls called “SukanyaSamriddhiYojana”.With more than 12.6 million accounts opened, this scheme is helping us secure the future of the girl child.
The Prime Minister emphasized that a nation moves forward on the strength of its people, their aspirations, and their hard work.
And an inclusive Constitution was drafted by Babasaheb Ambedkar to achieve this dream of a nation where there is justice for the poor, and equal opportunities for all to move forward.
He said that he has been told that in the 13th century, the Indian Sufi Saint Baba Farid had come to Jerusalem, and meditated in a cave.
Recalling the discussions and parleys on the Goods and Services Tax, the Prime Minister said that he had invited both Ms. Sonia Gandhi and former Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh to discuss the same.
He said the Indian diaspora should be looked at, not just in terms of its numbers, but also in terms of its strength.
It is the first metro project to be commissioned with a modern signalling system called the “Communication Based Train Control Signalling system”.
The key focus of meeting was to finalize guidelines for implementation of Paris Agreement in post 2020 period.
Therefore, he emphasized that all those who believe in the Buddha, should unite their strengths towards this noble cause.
Nearly 200 million Ru-pay cards were issued for easy cash-less transactions.
It would also need high quality projects and robust project proposals.
In the spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia Satellite.
The purpose of this MoU is to pursue future cooperative activities in the exploration and use of outer space exclusively for peaceful purposes in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable in each country and their international obligations.
He said each one of us should resolve to make a positive contribution by 2022, to achieve the India that our freedom fighters dreamt of.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal to allot land to Chandigarh Housing Board for construction of apartments for 3930 allottees under Self-Financing Housing Scheme for UT Employees.
This kind of coolness and patience exists in very few orders and traditions.
Our people are among the many threads that connect Uganda and India together.
Further the rights of surrogate mother and children born out of surrogacy will be protected.
These questions were but natural.
This University will be a cluster University comprising of degree colleges of Leh, Kargil, Nubra, Zanskar, Drass and Khaltsi and will have administrative offices at Leh and Kargil for the ease of students.
But I can’t leave them.
President Xi welcomed India’s accession to the SCO and said it would strengthen it.
Where your ideas matter, not your influence.
It is a land of immense beauty, great wealth of resources and rich heritage.
The cases which were quoted in the CAG reports but were ignored are now coming in the forefront.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) and the Federal Insurance Office, USA.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central obelisk, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
We are moving fast towards becoming a Digital Economy;
The Officer Trainees belong to 17 Civil Services, and 3 Services from the Royal Bhutan Civil Service.
The Prime Minister said that on many occasions, what the “Sarkar” cannot do, “Sanskar” can do.
Once again I very warmly welcome you and your delegation in India.
In this ‘Mahayagya’, grand undertaking, the Municipal Corporation, voluntary bodies, School- College students, the people of Jabalpur; in fact everyone participated with enthusiasm & Zest.
This should be realized by the people of this country.
All of these point to the new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
Or will you look at the number of people that were encouraged by you to lead honest lives by paying taxes?
As space faring nations, India and the United States acknowledge that outer space should be an ever expanding frontier of human endeavour, and look forward to deepening their cooperation on earth observation, Mars exploration, space education and manned space flight.
He said that over decades, Shri Vajpayee’s voice remained the voice of the people.
You will find such people somewhere in each and every state of India.
We look forward to translating into reality the idea of a BRICS Credit Rating Agency.
In Mahabharata, Duyordhan has been quoted as saying: Janami Dharmam Na Cha Mei Pravittih, Janami Adharmam Na Cha Mei Nivrittih.
Today we will also get an opportunity to have a meeting with the CEOs of Dutch companies and I hope they continue to have a positive outlook as far as India is concerned and I am eager to hear their views.
How can the villages become self-reliant?
Through each of these ways, it provides the less privileged sections of society, a more level playing field.
For this is a tale of heroism, a tale of personal experiences, and I would be happy to bring you the stories of these daughters.
And, sorry, did I mention our well known Information Technology professionals?
Both are pension schemes intended to give an assured minimum pension to the Senior Citizens based on an assured minimum return on the subscription amount.
Now, he has a business of manufacturing and trading of steel products.
City Gas Distribution Project at Dharwad will be dedicated cto the nation on this occasion. .
On the morning of 7th October, the Prime Minister will visit the Dwarkadheesh Temple.
He was re-elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2016 and became the Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
5. The estimated cost of the project is Rs. Rs.7500.80 crore and the project will be completed in four years.
Following the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s call to increase cashless transactions, a unique initiative was undertaken by senior officers of the Prime Minister’s Office today.
He also reviewed ongoing projects undertaken by NDMA.
He also mentioned the tourism projects being inaugurated today.
In our country, the cooperative societies are exempted from paying income tax.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of vital and long-pending infrastructure projects in the railway, road and petroleum sectors, spread over several states including Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Odisha, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, and Arunachal Pradesh.
5. The compensation amount will be given subject to the condition that no employment has been provided to any of the family members of the victims by State or Central Government.
2. Station renovation and operations;
To strengthen strategic collaboration, joint research programme and exchanges betweenUniversity of Tsukuba, Japan and Sports Authority of India
The Policy will be applicable to all contractual regimes and Nomination fields.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will be on a day-long visit to Jammu and Kashmir on May 19, 2018.
The Apple crop will also be ready for harvest.
India’s ranking has gone up in the Doing Business Report of the World Bank.
He also explained the various spin-off benefits, including on health and tourism that can accrue through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
These holistic systems focus on wellness and disease prevention.
Indus Waters Treaty was signed between India and Pakistan in 1960 for sharing of Indus waters.
The whole nation stands with her.
In between, I had even told the Members of the Parliament that after 30th September if any citizen is put through any difficulty, the one who does not want to follow due rules of government, then it will not be possible to help them.
A people so warm and hospitable.
Your approach is pro active.
Second, our Central Banks must further strengthen their capabilities and promote co-operation between the Contingent Reserve Arrangement and the IMF.
They now have access to affordable pensions and insurance.
It also helps the poor and deprived sections of society, to partake of economic benefits.
It is also significant that their objective is life-long wellness.
The Government of Jharkhand submitted a proposal to transfer the Central Hospital at Karma along with its land and buildings free of cost for setting up a new Medical College in the area.
They have started cooking chapattis on gas stove.
He added that it is driving remarkable social transformation, which is in turn, influencing the holistic development of the country.
About six lakh emigrants have been granted Emigration Clearance online for overseas employment through registered recruitment agents.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on Third Line of Credit (LoC) of US $ 4.5 billion to Bangladesh for implementation of developmental projects.
In this regard, we support the full and effective implementation of the Declaration on the Conduct of the Parties in the South China Sea (DOC) and look forward to an early conclusion of the Code of Conduct in the South China Sea (COC).
1st Meeting of BRICS Universities League Members (2 April 2016, Beijing) 25.
And when I say “Sankalp Se Siddhi”, we can see for ourselves as to how a Cleanliness Campagin is advancing towards Sankalp Siddhi, that is Attainment through Reslove.
He expressed confidence that the Indian athletes would win the hearts of people across the world, and show the world what India is about.
The panelists of Pravasi Bharatiya Panel on “Role of Indian Diaspora in Capacity Building for Affordable Solar Power” called on Prime Minister today.
When weapons have been seized in such huge numbers, so many foreign terrorists have infiltrated to spread death and destruction, the world will never accept the false propaganda of Pakistan, even if it speaks a hundred thousand lies.
This is the day to remember the members of the Constituent Assembly.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has congratulated athlete Hima Das on winning Gold in 400m of World U20 Championships.
Perhaps, there is a need to re-orient and upgrade the North Eastern Council.
So we will have to update the visions and concepts of development.
The proposed CRZ Notification, 2018 will lead to enhanced activities in the coastal regions thereby promoting economic growth while also respecting the conservation principles of coastal regions.
This, he explained, addresses a big imbalance in our social structures.
I’m also ready to do this on your behalf; the prime minister of the country is ready to be a postman to convey your good wishes to these players.
They have been built by Alstom of France, at their factory near Chennai, and have an Indian component of around seventy percent.
Once again I express my deep regards to Amma.
Pakistan must walk away from terror if it wants to walk towards dialogue with India.
These people said that they were not able to feel that economy was indeed growing at that rate.
This will reduce wastage, add value and generate higher income for the farmers.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
I will truly cherish the most wonderful dinner that you and Mrs Netanyahu hosted for me yesterday.
Releasing the new series, Prime Minister said that the Union Government is guided by the vision of reaching the last mile and the last person.
I saw the volume of remarkable work done in that area.
The announcement came at the end of a series of high level meetings, where the Prime Minister reviewed the flood situation, and relief measures in the States.
In recent years, the relationship of the two countries has been marked by close contacts at the highest political level including cooperation in the field of Health and medicine.
I condemn this mindless violence.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing an Agreement on Cooperation between India and Russia in the field of combating all forms of terrorism and organized crime.
Developing countries like India have no mandatory mitigation obligations or targets under the Kyoto Protocol.
They noted the fruitful outcome of the India-EU Foreign Ministerial Meeting in New Delhi on 21 April 2017.
v. The National Independent Electoral Commission of Guinea;
He said that honest decision making with good intention would always be encouraged by the Union Government.
Mr. Modi also inaugurated restoration and renovation work of Ranipur Jharial group of monuments in Balangir & Asurgarh Fort in Kalahandi.
Prime Minister Abe and I do not miss any opportunity to meet.
Supplying of hardware and software to BBNL for project management works of NOFN project, etc.
Marks have become all important.
The Prime Minister emphasized that Indian Railways has to develop and be financially strong.
The scheme will go a long way in tapping the talent pool of the country for carrying out research indigenously in cutting edge science and technology domains.
Just imagine the vastness of vision there itself.
The Ring Road will provide easier and more convenient access to Sarnath, an important site for Buddhist pilgrimage.
I thank Ms. Kristalina Georgieva for being with us on this joyous occasion.
This is the first time that the two revenue boards – the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), and the Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC), are holding a simultaneous conference.
Let us continue our ongoing efforts with renewed vigour and create a nation where both accessibility and equality prevail”, the Prime Minister said.
Some examples are that:
Under the MoU, both the sides will collaborate on all matters relating to housing and human settlements through various strategies including training of personnel, exchange visits, expos/exhibitions, conferences and workshops.
The approval would pave the way of following activities to be undertaken:
This would not only meet the needs of your society.
He said that rural sanitation, which stood at 38 percent in 2014, has now reached 94 percent.
Sri Pejavar Math’s most respected Sri Vishwesh Tirth Swami Ji,
But, you will also guide the march of this great continent into a future of prosperity.
I felicitate All India Radio for this self-inspired initiative from the core of my heart.
To gain more success about this discovery, the Government of India has decided to install a Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory, in short it is called LIGO, here in India.
We both have a young population.
They were briefed on various achievements of the Centre.
Shortly after launching the movement through a video conference interaction with a cross-section of people from 17 locations across the country, the Prime Minister travelled to the Babasaheb Ambedkar Higher Secondary School, at Rani Jhansi Road in central Delhi.
The Sides agreed to explore opportunities of joint collaboration in precious metals, minerals, natural resources and forest produce, including timber, through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
The MoU has been signed on behalf of the two countries after its approval by the two Governments and would be for a term of four years.
It will enable the adoption of IT and space technology by the IBM to improve its effectiveness in mineral regulation and development.
He interacted with students and encouraged them to share their experiences of working at the Centre.
Today, in the twenty-eighth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine important infrastructure projects in the railway, road, and petroleum sectors.
I dedicated that cap to the museum itself, for visitors to see and be inspired with the spirit of patriotism.
Be it black money or dirty money, or be it money laundering or be it the funds linked to arms and drugs.
In the next two months, we will be busy in the hurly-burly of the general elections.
Just last month, President Kenyatta recognized the contribution of Makhan Singh, an Indian born trade union leader, joining hands with his Kenyan brothers to help overthrow the colonial order in Kenya.
In fact, the then British Government was fearful of the Indian Vernacular Press.
It was indeed a delightful experience.
It seems that our daughters in the whole of India have decided to take up the responsibility of bringing glory to the nation.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort in New Delhi on the occasion of 70th Independence Day today.
Shri Narendra Modi said that a long part of Shri Vajpayee’s career was spent in the opposition benches, but he always spoke about national interest.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today reviewed the progress of the Ujwal DISCOM Assurance Yojana (UDAY).
If you have pursuit of knowledge as your focal point, then by itself you try to acquire and attain a lot more.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is working towards improving ease of living for the people of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
Science and Technology is another important area of cooperation between India and Việt Nam.
South Africa is home to a vibrant Indian community, that has made South Africa their home for years.
This time around, there is a special significance to the observance of community Ganesh festival as a public celebration.
One possibility could be to associate the groups that made presentations today, with the respective departments and Ministries in the Union Government.
It provides technical exchange on water issues, including on integrated water resource management plans within river basins and through study visits.
We also exchanged perspectives on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
But few would know that in English, there is a word, ‘juggernaut’ which means, a magnificent chariot, that is unstoppable.
Hence, a cadre structure of ITS officers has been proposed, which is considered essential for discharge of the role & obligations of the Department of Telecommunications.
2. This is President Solih’s first visit abroad after assuming the office of President of the Republic of Maldives on 17 November 2018.
It will thus, facilitate investments.
Remembering Lal Bahadur Shastri ji on his Jayanti”, the Prime Minister said.
We estimate the investment requirements in Infrastructure at over 700 billion Dollars by 2022.
PM said that with its rapid progress, India is being seen on a high pedestal across the world and is in a position to lead the global community.
The Nalanda University was established on the basis of a Joint Press Statement at the 4th East Asia Summit held in Thailand in October, 2009, which supported its establishment as a non-state, non-profit, secular and self-governing international institution.
Spoke to Home Minister Rajnath Singh Ji on the situation in Sukma.
Let us join our hands together as an expression of our commitment towards this noble cause.
The change is due to a new style of governance and is often visible in interesting ways.
For the youth in today’s age, along with studies, sports are also of great importance.
Propylene derivative petrochemical & polyol project will catalyse many downstream industries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for withdrawal of Nalanda University (Amendment) Bill, 2013 pending in the Rajya Sabha.
My dear fellow citizens, today is the 24th of April.
They briefed the Prime Minister on the outcomes of India Leadership Summit held earlier in the day.
The Shanghai Cooperation Organization will also give us a valuable framework to work together on these issues.
As on date, more than 2,500 mentors are actively mentoring students in over 1,300 ATL schools.
Our endeavour towards peaceful development has only too often been de-railed by cross-border terrorism.
The programme will include four high-level plenaries that will focus on political leadership, multi-sectoral action, accountability and power of partnership.
The BSF is the largest border guarding force established in 1965.
On the 15th of September, people from all sections across the country connected themselves to this voluntary cleaning movement.
He outlined several other steps that are being taken to improve “ease of access to justice.”
He called upon the people of Pakistan to tell their rulers to fight corruption and fake notes.
Hereafter it will cover loans given by NBFCs as well.
This was the fourth of five such interactions.
Look forward to meeting His Highness Sheikh Tamim whose landmark visit to India last year had ushered in a new momentum in our relations.
“Deeply saddened by the loss of lives in the stampede in Varanasi.
The scope of BUR is to provide an update to India’s first BUR to UNFCCC.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Network-18 Rising India Summit in New Delhi.
I have full faith in the power of my 125 crore countrymen.
He said the Union Government is making every effort to complete schemes and projects within their intended duration, and the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre represents one illustration of this.
Today, on day four of my visit to four African countries, it is indeed a pleasure to be in this vibrant city of Dar-es-Salaam.
Seminars, Conferences & Consultations iii.
So many possibilities are there.
He also spoke to Doctors and inquired about the health of Shri Vajpayee.
People from every corner of India come to visit Rameshwaram.
Today I want to specifically tell the honest taxpayers that when you have your food with your family, for a moment kindly ponder over what I am about to say.
The Prime Minister said that there is a new energy in India today.
India hosted the First BRICS Trade Fair in New Delhi two days ago with active participation from all your countries.
These & many other festivals celebrated across India add great colour & happiness in our lives.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekanand that she renounced her happy- prosperous life and dedicated herself to the service of the poor.
We are working tirelessly to fulfil the ideals of Shivaji Maharaj and create an India that he would be proud of.
The Prime Minister will interact with beneficiary mothers and girl children of the program.
This feat of successful in orbit launch of Mangalyaan speaks volumes about the capabilities of our scientists.
6. The Agreement shall enter into force on the date of notification of completion of the procedures required by the respective laws of the two countries for entry into force of the Agreement.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the President, Shri Pranab Mukherjee on his birthday and has wished for his long and healthy life.
The same electorate gave one judgement for Odisha and another judgement for Delhi.
There can be no denying that business is a major force in our lives.
The Prime Minister spoke of the importance of water and the need for all citizens to conserve it.
The commissioning of the Bishwanath-Chariyali to Agra transmission network has made available 500 Megawatts of power in the region from outside.
After hockey, good news for India also came in badminton.
On this very auspicious day of Raksha Bandhan, Sakshi Malik, a daughter of India, wins a Bronze and makes all of us very proud.
He encouraged people to further promote digital transactions.
Friends, Our leaders like Nelson Mandela and Mahatma Gandhi brought political freedom for us.
Your Excellency, the State Counsellor
During the Hannover Messe, specific areas for collaboration were mutually identified.
Both countries could explore avenues for direct procurement of diamond.
And if something strikes your attention, please go to the school and discuss it with the teachers yourself.
Science and Technology is the pivot on which that vision will translate into strategy and action.
Mr. Kono briefed the Prime Minister about the follow-up action taken in recent months after the visit of Prime Minister Modi to Japan in October 2018.
• The MoU would bring in Belarus experience and expertise for overall improvement in skill eco system of the country.
At the Mankapur Indoor Sports Complex, he unveiled digital plaques to mark the laying of foundation stones for IIIT, IIM and AIIMS at Nagpur.
Construction of own permanent school building by KVS will provide proper and comfortable academic environment with all required amenities for the school going children of serving personnel families, ex-servicemen families and children of civilians in and around Delhi Cantt.
Construction of additional double line between Virar-Dahanu Road will address the demand of commuters in this region.
4. To contribute to a new tourism, offer, particularly through the promotion of natural and tangible, and intangible cultural heritage, the development of sustainable tourism and the use of information technologies; and
We can witness how closely our festivals are interlinked with nature.
May the Triple Gem of Buddha, Dhamma and Sangha bless us all.
13. Reiterating the significance of regular bilateral interactions in reinforcing the momentum for bilateral cooperation, the leaders noted with satisfaction the increase in high-level exchanges between the two countries in recent years.
The Prime Minister stressed on the importance of education and skill development, which is the key to gainful employment, and upliftment from poverty.
This has not only made a positive difference in the lives of rural women, but also contributed to a cleaner environment, he said.
You will be pleased to know that even today, residents of village Mattur in Shivamoga district of Karnataka use Sanskrit as their lingua franca.
The Prime Minister said that it is not enough to rest on past laurels, but is also important to adapt to emerging challenges.
Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu
International Solar Alliance is one such example.
The move will facilitate “to foster the safe, economic and efficient movement of vessels”.
Mankind is prominent among those things.
When I arrive at Modi’s official residence, I discover that the man who always looks tough in front of the cameras is a friendly person who knows how to smile.
New imagination and new concepts have been linked and connected with it.
Giving statistics about income declarations by the people during filing of returns, the Prime Minister urged Chartered Accountants to keep national interest supreme, while advising their clients.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, capacities and resources.
The Fourth Session of the Ministerial Council of APTA, which is scheduled to be held shortly, will formally implement all the above decisions.
The two leaders will attend a public function to mark the commencement of work of India’s first high-speed rail project between Ahmedabad and Mumbai, on 14th of September.
We are also upgrading a number of plantation schools.
The Prime Minister also recalled the views on education of Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar, Deendayal Upadhyay, and Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia.
Acting against corruption
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
When we talk of global peace, there should be peace among nations.
President and I agreed on the need to increase the scope and scale of our economic engagement, especially trade and investment traffic.
About 600 Indo-German joint ventures are presently operating in India.
By June 2016, a total of 248,566 cows had been distributed to poor households.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid tributes to the Indian soldiers who fought in the First World War.
Patratu Thermal Power Station (PTPS) will comprise three units of800 MW each in first phase while two units 800 MW each in second phase.
You must send photographs on # incredibleindia.
A final-status agreement should respect the sentiments and address demands of all affected parties.
(i) During the 10th Plan, an education cess of 2% on all central taxes was imposed w.e.f.
6. Prime Minister Modi acknowledged that the MoU on Defence Cooperation signed during the visit of His Majesty King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud to India in February 2014 as the then Crown Prince, Deputy Premier and Defence Minister of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was an important milestone in strengthening the strategic partnership between the two countries.
Last year in November, India organized the first-ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
He said these are illustrations of the skill, scale and speed of New India.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
I am particularly pleased that we have been able to conclude an MOU on Security Cooperation during this visit.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Belgium on Cooperation in the field of Information Communication Technology and Electronics (ICT&E).
The annual financial implication for each of the post of the Director will be around Rs.25 Lakhs, as per the 6th CPC.
However, if the StateGovernment expresses inability, the Central Government may release some grant for initial years to the State Council.
He will be accompanied by the Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Antonio Guterres.
But more than a billion people across the globe still do not have access to electricity.
In solar energy, installed capacity has increased from 2.6 GigaWatts to 22 GigaWatts in the same period.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives in road accident in Reasi, Jammu and Kashmir.
Research & Development
This will inspire the People of Gujarat, particularly the Youth, who may not be fully aware of the contributions made by the great leader.
Yet, he added, the tribal communities had imbibed the ideals of community living, and of living cheerfully despite troubles.
He said that France stands with India in the fight against terrorism.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Lucknow on 28th and 29th July.
There were two years of successive drought in the country.
It gives me great pleasure to welcome you to this meeting with the BRICS Business Council.
This, in itself is empowering the middle class families.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
He is now beginning to understand that the money can be of use for his children.
He said projects worth 12 lakh crore rupees have been speeded up in this way.
Apart from Gujarat, they are located in Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu.
I have flagged off the fastest train, Tejas between Madurai and Chennai.
India needs its startup generation to prosper today you can register a startup very quickly.
The Cabinet decision is based on recommendations of the Committee of Secretaries (CoS).
The Prime Minister affirmed that India attaches the highest priority to its ties with Afghanistan.
In the heart of our national capital, it is a fitting tribute to Dr. Ambedkar.
The MoU will help to improve the overall public transport system in the country, improve passenger services and promote the use of high capacity buses in India.
We want to see your democracy strike deep roots; your people unite; and, your economy prosper.
Once again, many-many thanks to my friend Arun Ji and Piyushji and his team for an excellent budget.”
The Cabinet approved India’s offer 28.01% of dutiable national tariff lines (i.e. 3142 lines in HS2012 at 8-digit) with an average MoP of 33.45%.
Well, nowadays they are thinking of Baba Bhole instead of Baba Saheb.
Congratulations to them on winning the Under-19 World Cup.
Electrification of this section will enable ease of transportation of coal, stone chips and ballast to North and North East India in a seamless manner.
Let us also make our contribution in enhancing this campaign.
He also asked them to engage young officers to research related issues.
There are no additional financial implications involved.
The Prime Minister asked the Corporators to join hands in making the City more attractive for tourists.
These are agriculture, science and technology, and security.
He also added that the youth is being nurtured to become job-creators, and not job-seekers.
Presently, a total of 851 students are studying in Kendriya Vidyalaya Number 2, Dhar Road, Udhampur.
Businesses on both sides should take primary lead in such efforts.
In addition, Exhibition on Futuristic Technologies and Space Exploration, Seminar on Port Led Development & Strategies to establish India as the Trans-shipment Hub of Asia and On Make in India to showcase the Success Stories of Make in India & key interventions by the Government have been organized.
In recent years, we have been receiving a large number of Israeli tourists in India.
IEA Bioenergy TCP also provides a platform for international collaboration and information exchange in bioenergy research, technology development, demonstration, and policy analysis with a focus on overcoming the environmental, institutional, technological, social, ‘and market barriers to the near-and long-term deployment of bioenergy technologies.
During the address, the Prime Minister spoke of the contributions of the Indian Origin Tamil community to Sri Lanka, and the long shared heritage between India and Sri Lanka.
• The budget session was convened was convened about a month ago.
He was a remarkable soul whose exemplary service and humanitarian efforts positively impacted countless lives.
The Prime Minister spoke to Home Minister Shri Rajnath Singh in this regard and expressed his strong disapproval of such incidents.
These projects are cumulatively worth over 3500 crore rupees, the Prime Minister said.
I fully believe that with the active efforts of the state government and with your full cooperation, we will be able to restore normalcy in Jammu and Kashmir very soon.
Both the cantonment areas namely Pune and Khadki have witnessed rapid growth of population.
The Central Government will provide approximately Rs. 20,339 crore as interest subvention for 2017-18.
Now people want Highway with I-Way.
Thousands of people have expressed similar sentiments.
During the interaction with the Prime Minister, the children thanked the Prime Minister for introducing the new series of coins.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Youth Affairs and Sports, Col. Rajyavardhan Rathore, was present on the occasion.
It is the 130 crore Indians, particularly women and youngsters who have taken the lead in this movement.
This time our Parliament has made an effort to protect the interests of backward classes, interests of the extremely backward classes by according the constitutional status to the OBC commission.
New ways were found in consultation with them.
If you have a photograph with your teacher or an incident connected with your teacher or an inspirational thing associated with your teacher, please do share the same on NarendraModiApp.
They are assisting India turn into a knowledge based, skill supported and technology driven society.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The case studies will be published in a special Partners’ Forum edition of the BMJ (originally called British Medical Journal) and disseminated widely.
The two leaders mandated the Saudi-India Joint Commission to continue follow up of the decisions taken at the highest levels for cementing the bilateral strategic partnership.
That is why we have introduced the massive Namami Gange initiative.
Aggregators (violations of licencing conditions)
Benefits of NESIDS:
The doubling of line will give a boost to industrial capacity in Odisha.
His impact on India’s history is strong and unforgettable.
MoU on International Academic and Sports Exchange between Lakshmibai National Institute of Physical Education (LNIPE)and Nippon Sports Science University, Japan (NSSU)
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare.
Today, India is the fastest growing large economy of the world.
That is why I call Yoga a passport to health assurance.
It aims at achieving universal health coverage and delivering quality health care services to all at affordable cost.
They drew pictures based on their own imaginations.
Other temples too can start the practice of distributing saplings instead of ‘prasad’ during this rainy season.
Our dream is to Develop the Ecosystem to Foster an Environment of New and Creative Entrepreneurship in the defence manufacturing sector.
To give some examples,in four years there has been maximum capacity addition & generation of electricity.For the first time, India has become a net exporter of electricity.
It is a matter of happiness that direct relations between the peoples of our two countries continue to grow through active interaction in areas such as education, skill development, culture and tourism.
India has become the fastest growing large economy in the world.
A group of over 100 Anganwadi workers from across the country, called on the Prime Minister today to express their happiness, and thank the Prime Minister for the recent announcement of increase in honorarium and other incentives.
48. Our strive for a Corruption Free India has yielded results.
While the farmers are advised to undertake on-line trade, it is also important that they avail themselves of post-harvest loans by storing their produce in the accredited warehouses.
People did not used to take electricity connection.
Such a unique effort is being attempted by F.S.S.A.I viz Food Safety and Standard Authority of India.
Sardar Patel formulated solutions one by one, weaving the warp & weft of unity on the axis of a single thread.
The day-long meeting will be attended by Union Ministers, Chief Ministers from the States, Lieutenant Governors of Union Territories and senior officials from the Government of India.
A bright future for Myanmar is not just your objective.
The Prime Minister said that India should showcase its great heritage with pride and confidence, to the world.
India is making rapid strides towards a gas based economy.
The four laning of Solapur – Osmanabad highway will help improve the connectivity of Solapur, with the important Marathwada region of Maharashtra.
The invited countries have been selected from across all regions and income levels and include countries that are currently chairing key global and regional bodies (e.g. G7, G20, BRICS, etc.).
The body, which represents people at the grassroot level in Jammu and Kashmir, reiterated its faith in the democratic institutions and processes in the country.
This proves that when humanity stands together, it creates wonders.
“The Cabinet expresses profound sorrow at the sad demise of Dr. M, Karunanidhi, former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu on 7.8.2018 at Kauvery Hospital, Chennai.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the proposal for Amendment to the Resolutions dated 3rd March 1987 of the Public Enterprises Selection Board (PESB).
I am delighted to be on my first visit to Manila in this landmark 50th year of ASEAN’s establishment.
The Prime Minister said that today, the whole world looks upon India as a shining star.
The Prime Minister paid homage to the freedom fighters and martyrs.
It is also your duty to encourage the business community in this regard.
Credit Line Agreement between the EXIM Bank, Government of India and the Government of Cambodia for a Line of Credit to finance the Stung Sva Hab Water Resource Development Project for US$ 36.92 million.
The expedition, which has been inspired by the Union Government’s “Namami Gange” campaign, has been named “Mission Gange.”
Similarly, Netherlands is also a very attractive destination for investment by Indian companies.
Under India’s Chairmanship, we have placed emphasis on digital- technology, smart-cities, urbanization, and cooperation between our cities.
We have offered assistance in restoring pagodas damaged in the recent earthquake in Myanmar.
Santoshji, I would like to thank you for sending me this message.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that through the efforts of all those involved with PMJAY, and the dedication of the doctors, nurses, healthcare providers, ASHAs, ANMs etc, the scheme would become a success.
Most of those who give suggestions or try to reach to me are those who are really doing something in their lives.
The Prime Minister is on a two-day tour to Japan.
The Framework Agreement has been signed on September 03, 2016.
Time Magazine had opined that hovering over India then were the dangers of problems like partition, violence, food scarcity, price rise and power-politics.
India will extend full support for the timely execution of projects identified between our countries.
He said that from conventional teaching, our universities need to move towards innovative learning.
6. The Cabinet has approved Rs. 23,050 crore for the programme for the FFC period 2017-18 to 2019-20.
The two sides urged the business communities to utilize the investment opportunities in both countries, especially in the fields of infrastructure, mining, energy including renewables, food security and technology transfer, and to further consolidate cooperation in the areas of skilled human resources in information technology, electronics and telecommunications.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Shirdi, in Maharashtra, today.
He said that in the current financial year, States are receiving over 11 lakh crore rupees from the Centre, which represents an increase of about 6 lakh crore rupees, from the last year of the previous government.
The multi-modal terminal is an important component of the development of the National-Waterway 1 from Varanasi to Haldia.
A portal is also being launched which aims to provide the entire details of these brave hearts who have brought pride to the nation.
Recently, rapists in a case from Katni in Madhya Pradesh were sentenced to death after just five days of trial.
We have to achieve greater heights, we have to keep moving ahead.
Let us work together to make Mizoram one of the top tourism destinations in India.
Beneficiaries
Our relationship has been a story of resolve, determination, justice and the excellence of human endeavour.It is truly exceptional and unlike any other.
He added that she has become the symbol of hope for more than 10 crore families who are going to benefit by launch of Ayushman Bharat from Ranchi on 23rd of this month.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi had paid tributes to first Prime Minister of India Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, on his birth anniversary.
One important area that needs to be addressed is the rapid global rise of Cyber-Physical Systems.
The Tenth Guru of Sikhs- Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for many through his teachings and ideals.
Your Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi, Friends from the Media,
The rich Swahili language includes many Hindi words.
He said this decision would unlock huge amounts of money for development of the mineral rich districts.
Over 95 Energy Ministers from partner countries and 7000 delegates from around 70 countries are expected to be part of PETROTECH -2019.
The project will lead to improved sanitation facility in over 50000 houses.
Salient features of the Policy
In fact, it will be quite profitable as things become clearer for you and later you won’t have any regrets.
The nation will always be grateful to the scientists who have worked tirelessly to empower our society by their vision, labour, and leadership.
the Jan Suraksha Yojana,
Distinguished dignitaries on the dais,
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
Kerala was also the first state to attain 100 percent primary education.
In course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, it was noted that remarkable progress has been made in several areas and infrastructure sectors.
We are enjoying our independence and are proud to be free citizens, but this is an occasion to remember those who sacrificed their all for winning our independence.
Meeting of BRICS Working Group on Agriculture (22 September 2016, New Delhi) 14.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has announced ex gratia of Rs. 2 lakhs for the next of kin of those killed, and Rs. 50,000 for those seriously injured, in the rail accident in Uttar Pradesh, from PMNRF.
I have seen that when we get the question paper, sometimes we find that it has been modelled on a new pattern.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi met H. E. Mr. Raila Odinga, Former Prime Minister and the Leader of Opposition in Kenya, in New Delhi today.
Extending India’s solidarity with Bangladesh, the Prime Minister has conveyed India’s readiness in supporting the local search and rescue efforts if required.
As in the case of Mauritius, this amendment will deter such activities.
Rakhi makers and their sellers, sweets shops vendors – the professions of hundreds, thousands flourish on the occasion of a festival.
I extend a hearty welcome to all the Laureates present here.
In the last two years, we have taken a comprehensive package of reforms which go beyond more economic reforms.
The Technical Intern Training Program (TITP) is an ambitious program to send Indian technical interns to Japan for on the job training for a period of three to five years.
Where do you think the industry should be by then?
The Prime Minister directed that all steps must be completed much before 1st April, 2017.
Government of India has made a successful effort to clean the Ganga and involve the people for this project with the cooperation of five State governments.
Many people lost their lives.
(Thank you for your kind hospitality!)
Ensure adequate sleep for the body that is required.
Our discussions today were wide-ranging and forward-looking.
It was with this in mind that India had led the efforts to form an International Solar Alliance at COP 21 in Paris.
The Prime Minister noted India’s role on the Steering Group and its leadership in the areas of anti-microbial resistance and immunization.
“Deeply saddened by the passing away of Kalaignar Karunanidhi.
Though short, the visit has a substantial agenda to take our partnership to new heights.”
Nations are coming together to tackle climate change.
During the last one month, the Government has tackled the situation very carefully in spite of extremely adverse circumstances.
This is important for India, for Bangladesh and for India-Bangladesh relationship.
If a person belonging to the middle-class wants to build his house, then he gets a loan at a lower rate of interest.
· This year, a national level Convocation will be held for candidates who successfully complete ITI courses, to recognize their success.
For the Central component, the projects having regional character, requiring Inter-Ministerial intervention are to be taken up.
Their footprint is all over the world.
We will work with you with a sense of mission to keep our defence forces equipped with state-of-the-art systems, and to create the necessary domestic manufacturing ecosystem to achieve this.
The Prime Minister recalled Maharaja Suheldev, as a brave warrior, and a hero who inspires the people.
This he said, results in government programmes being relatively inactive in the productive pre-monsoon months.
Suitably priced, stable and sustainable energy supply, is essential for rapid growth of the economy.
Saints came as the solution to the grief of the Indian society.
You must be playing cricket on the computer but the pleasure of actually playing cricket in an open field under the sky is something else.
Common objectives of economic prosperity, strong technology and innovation ties and the need to secure our societies define the space for convergent action between us.
i. Both the countries to facilitate training/study tour of personnel in the field of mass media and public relations.
India will fully support them and they will ultimately achieve success in this very important step in the direction of women empowerment; I am fully confident about this.
He added that it is essential to involve maximum women and children with this movement.
The Department of DAC&FW will provide physical space for laboratories, offices, training classes, etc. with associated infrastructure and land at NSRTC, Varanasi.
The current decision will be notified by the Central Government and will be communicated to all the States/UTs.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved transfer of 16.5 cents of land and building belonging to Department of Posts at Thrissur in Kerala to Thrissur Municipal Corporation for widening of Pattalam Road, in public interest on the principle of land in exchange of land.
He said that today, the country would begin its march towards freedom from tax terrorism.
Friends, I have referred to those two years because the method to calculate the GDP growth has been during and those two years of the previous government and three years of this government.
We see all those great men who spent their time in jails did a great job of writing and reading.
· BRICS Financial Forum – 25 to 26 July (Cape Town)
There is competition as to which state will attract more investment.
I will also have occasion to visit the world famous State Hermitage Museum and the Institute of Oriental manuscripts.
While speaking on Shri Pranab Mukherjee he said, “Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
Let me also take this opportunity, to compliment Parmarth Niketan, for the active role played by them in the Swachh Bharat Mission – a mass movement towards Clean India.
This is my first visit to Sweden.
Implementation strategy
(vii) Pollution abatement has been accorded special focus: In order to address pollution in Coastal areas treatment facilities have been made permissible activities in CRZ-I B area subject to necessary safeguards.
He urged the Self Help Groups to register in the Government e-Market Place (GeM) to sell their produce.
On the recommendations of the GoS, and the subsequent consensus, a Cabinet Note was prepared for financial restructuring of HSCL and its takeover by NBCC.
He will always be remembered for his good work.
The Company was referred to Board of Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) in 1994 and was declared sick in the year 1995.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed district collectors across the country via video-conference, on the theme of “New India – Manthan.”
It was said that it is impossible for the poor to leverage the power of technology, but the people of India are making it possible.
The new Major Ports Authority Bill, 2016 would help to impart faster and transparent decision making benefiting the stakeholders and better project execution capability.
Another important collaboration between our two countries could be in the Gems and Jewelry sector.
Following are the highlights from his speech:
The leaders reiterated their commitment to pursue low greenhouse gas emission development strategies in the pre-2020 period and to develop long-term low greenhouse gas emission development strategies.
Even a common man gets a unique diving feeling when he visits this place.
A Monitoring Arrangement has been introduced for keeping periodical status report of the project.
And they have been facing the heat under the sun for quite some time and despite suffering this hardship they have turned up here in large numbers to bless me, I bow down to you as well.
Rather I want to bid adieu remembering motherland any moment, means he bade farewell to India with a vision of enlightening the western world.
“Happy Lohri!
The Bhagvat describes Devarshi Narada, singing the praise of God
This is aimed at bringing synergy with programmes of other Union Ministries and avoiding of duplication through process of SFC.
The cash to GDP ratio has come down to 9 per cent after Demonetization.
We shall continue to receive something, learn something from them and keep on doing some good things.
Speaking on the occasion, he urged people to send their messages to soldiers on Diwali.
Our collaboration in the field of science and technology is encouraging, with our joint research ranging from basic to advanced sciences.
He said the Expressway would also boost tourism in the places of historical significance in the region.
Japan can benefit tremendously with the size and scale of our potentials and skilled hands that India offers!
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Culture; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
With the launch today, the first instalment of Rs 2,000 will be directly credited to the bank accounts of selected beneficiary farmers.
Prime Minister condoled the loss of innocent lives in the attack.
He unveiled a digital plaque to mark the commencement of work for conservation and development of Rasika Ray Temple, and Excavated Structure at Ancient Fort Haripurgarh.
People get duped by this money trap.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Defence Services Staff College, Wellington and Defence Services Command and Staff College, Mirpur, Dhaka for Cooperation concerning Military Education in the Field of Strategic and Operational Studies.
It has been decided to clarify that real-estate broking service does not amount to real estate business and is therefore, eligible for 100% FDI under automatic route.
I take this opportunity to thank the Nobel Media Foundation, the Department of Biotechnology, Government of India and the Government of Gujarat for organising such an innovative programme.
The fact is, stories of the valour and patriotism of our heroes should be told and re-told to our newer generations in ways more than one.
During the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management.
You must have seen that last year we brought in a textile policy.
When I say future, it has a meaning in each of its letters.
Recently you met Ms Jayalalithaa after she was sworn in as the Chief Minister, Mamata Banerjee has extended her support for GST and Congress allies at the state level are supporting the GST bill.
Asserting that India is today the fastest growing economy in the world, the Prime Minister said that as per an international report, poverty is declining in India at a record pace.
He urged the collectors to ask themselves every day whether they had done something to bring change in the lives of the poor.
He said that while the world is working towards electric cars, in India, in addition to electric cars, electric stoves would go a long way in meeting the needs of the people.
6. Apart from depositing your notes in your bank account, another facility will also be there.
These are just a few indicators of the depth of our relationship and the potentials for co-operation.
I thank you for being here and becoming a part of the transformation of the energy sector in India.
After laying the Foundation Stone of the Pakuldul project, the Prime Minister said it is a unique day when one hydropower project has been inaugurated; and the Foundation Stone has been laid for another one.
However, this is the impact of Global Warming and Climate Change that one does not feel the intense cold these days.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Palestine on cooperation in the field of Health and Medicine.
These festivals prove a chance to advance in a mission mode and to make firm resolves in your life.
He said the range of topics being discussed has become more broad-based over the last two years.
The looters of nation’s wealth will have to answer.
The divine fragrance of Buddhism spread from India to all corners of the globe.
He dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory to the nation.
He will unveil the plaque to mark the serving of 3rd billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir.
The agreements signed today are just one indication of our shared resolve to do exactly that.
Government has brought down the number of forms needed to apply for trademark from seventy-four to eight, resulting in three-fold increase in Trade Marks registration in three years.
In Srinagar, Prime Minister will interact with students from the states of Assam, Gujarat, Haryana, Odisha, Maharashtra and Telangana.
They do not want a महामिलावट Government of those who assembled in Kolkata.
This was in tune with India’s position.
This will reinforce the Government’s emphasis on improvement of quality of elementary education.
The MoU envisages establishing a Joint Working Committee to review, monitor and discuss matters relation to areas of cooperation.
We have strongly condemned favoritism and bias.
2nd Meeting of BRICSOfficials within specialized session “Prevention and Mitigation of Natural Disasters” (26 August 2016, Saint-Petersburg) 51.
The Prime Minister said that the Modern Coach Factory is providing jobs to youth, and will make Rae Bareli a global hub of rail coach manufacturing.
The process of auctioning received a tremendous response from the people of India.
He promised that he will share his photos as well.
In a series of tweets, he said
He said this Centre would help the artisans and weavers showcase their skills to the world, and facilitate a brighter future for them.
Earlier, addressing CEOs of both countries, the Prime Minister invited Russian companies to invest in key sectors of the Indian economy, and particularly mentioned opportunities in the strategic sector.
So, you have balanced very diverse forces.
See it for yourself, the whole ambience will be transformed.
In view of the demands from the different categories of the employees working in the Chandigarh Administration or its board/corporation and Punjab and Haryana High Court, or on deputation within Chandigarh Administration.
The Merchant Shipping Act, 1958 had become a bulky piece of legislation over the years as a result of various amendments carried out in the Act from time to time.
The student strength intake for this year in the Post Graduate Diploma Programme (PGDP) in Management is 54 which will progressively go up to a cumulative student strength of 120 in the 4th year.
The world needs India’s sustained rise, as much as India needs the world.
The issue is no longer women development but it is women-led development.
This will cover over four hundred districts.
The poor tribals have gained faith in the system.
Within a few moments from now, our nation will embark upon a new economic regime.
Loans of up to 2 lakh rupees taken in 2017, for new housing, or extension of housing in rural areas, will receive an interest subvention of 3 per cent.
We have also seen such teachers who care more for their pupils than for themselves.
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
She was elected to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly in 1989.
Ladies and Gentlemen
Referring to reforms in India, including the recent introduction of GST, PM stated that it was necessary to work together for sustained global economic recovery.
We call on the international community to assist the government and the people of Afghanistan with the objective of working towards the realisation of peace.
Ease of Doing Business:-
The speed of setting up new rail lines, gauge conversion, doubling and electrification of railway tracks has also doubled.
Prime Minister Costa and I have held wide-ranging discussions today and reviewed the progress achieved since his own landmark visit to India.
India is now ready for business as never before.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of Bhadbhut Barrage over the River Narmada.
Let me now turn to energy security.
Instead of sugarcane, they have taken to such crops like fruits and vegetables that require much less water.
Speaking on the subject of depression, the Prime Minister said that in a nation like ours, this issue is worrying.
India and Portugal share common views on many international issues.
If gets rice in this manner, he will get Rs 30-35.
You must remember, 20 years ago today, on 11th May 1998, the Prime Minister of India, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee had said while addressing the nation and his words filled the whole country with pride, courage and elation.
It is a transparent system in which no one can hurt the interests of the Consumers.
The JIPFL delegation welcomed PM’s call for greater international cooperation against the global menace of terrorism, and for coordinated efforts to isolate the State sponsors of terrorism.
We are committed members of the Commonwealth.
When India mooted the idea of the International Yoga Day at the United Nations, it was received with open arms.
It is proposed to extend the Metro Corridor from Noida City Centre to Noida Sector 62 by a length of 6.675 Km with six stations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, todayinteracted with citizens fromvillages across the country which has been electrified since 2014.
But I feel like viewing the entire sequence of events from another perspective, i.e, how the operation was conducted!
The restructuring will address the problem of existing stagnation in the IIS Cadre and will improve the career prospects of IIS officers.
Just imagine… 300 kms of cycling every day !
(vii) All moneys received by or on behalf of the Board under the provision of this Act shall be credited to such general account or accounts of the Ports which the Board may from time to time generally open with any Nationalised Bank or any Scheduled Bank as per the guidelines of Ministry of Finance, Government of India.
India has always deeply appreciated the warmth and affection of the Royal Family of Thailand for India.
They also have unique strengths and insights.
In addition. the Prime Minister will dedicate the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal Terminal at Bengaluru to the nation.
I have also conveyed India’s full support to the peace process initiative under the ‘21st Century Panglong Conference.
It is reflected in our festivals, and in our ancient texts.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Amendment to the Trade Unions Act, 1926 to make provisions regarding Recognition of Trade Unions.
We will pursue this in three ways:
67. The Sides expressed their satisfaction on the progress in India – Russia relations, shared interests and similar positions on issues of bilateral and international importance and agreed to continue this trajectory of closer cooperation, coordination and consolidation of gains to surge ahead the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership of India and Russia for the mutual prosperity of people of both countries.
51. Post GST savings and efficiency in transportation sector has increased.
He also spoke of the increase in numbers of professionals, and commercial vehicles sold.
For this we need to put in place systems that can quickly provide risk assessments.
Therefore, today, I urge you people that those who have been practicing Yoga please make it regular, and those who could not start doing Yoga so far they must make an effort once.
The list of achievements and honours received by Shri Shanmugaratnam is long.
At the peak of their youth they sacrificed their lives so that others can live a life of freedom and dignity”, the Prime Minister said.
26. The Russian Side invited the Indian Side to invest in the Russian Far East.
I want to reassure the honest taxpayers that all the schemes that are in operation are run by your money.
But his grit and determination were exponentially greater and mightier.
The principal and interest in respect of the EBRs worth Rs. 660 crore shall be financed by the Government of India by making suitable budgetary provisions in the Demand of the Ministry of Shipping to meet the bond servicing requirements as and when the need arises.
Nutritious food, dietary habits during this time, decide how its body will become, how it will be in reading and writing and how strong it will be mentally.
“I am anguished by the situation arising due to floods in various parts of the Northeast.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the programme as an illustration of Indian traditions.
The initiatives taken between the two countries will be as per the terms of reference of the MoU signed and will be a continuing process till the MoU remains in operation.
National War Memorial represents the culmination of the collective aspiration of a grateful nation to pay a fitting tribute to the martyrs.
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
On the power sector, the Prime Minister emphasized the importance of breaking silos, and finding solutions.
The Sides emphasized the importance of the continuation of the multilateral dialogue on this theme within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional fora.
He appealed to the informal sector workers earning less than Rs.15000 per month to enroll as beneficiaries in the nearby Common Service Centre.
C. Registration of certain residuary category of vessels not covered under any statute and lo make provisions for security-related aspects.
It is rather, something that should become a mass movement.
“Today is a special day- we mark the 20th anniversary of BIMSTEC.
The Scheme of NEC – Special Development Project will be changed to be a Central Sector Scheme with 100% grant, instead of the earlier block grant on 90:10 basis.
India and USA are natural partners, two vibrant democracies that celebrate their diversity and pluralism.
In the same way today we may feel that even by making a tiny contribution I may be contributing in a big way to help in the economic upliftment and economic empowerment of my country and help fight a battle against poverty by lending strength to the poor.
Afroz Shah, and thus he has become the first Indian to achieve this distinction.
Prime Minister shared his personal experiences on the initiatives taken in Gujarat for increasing institutional deliveries through partnership with the private sector and organising community feeding for the poor and pregnant women in villages so that their nutrition needs could be met.
It requires policy facilitation, infrastructure and connectivity links and fostering constituencies of support beyond Government.
The policy aspires to provide at the district level most of the secondary care which is currently provided at a medical college hospital.
India and the United States of America are endowed with rich biodiversity and natural heritage and have established a network of Protected Areas in their respective territories.
The Commission was constituted under article 340 of the Constitution with the approval of President on 2ndOctober, 2017.
This is part of the long oral tradition of India that has evolved constantly to adapt to changing times and circumstances, keeping the eternal values intact.
Our aim is not just to discuss, but to draw the right lessons.
The Prime Minister also learnt that the boy has several innovative projects to his credit.
If you are tense, then all the doors seem to be closed, nothing can enter from outside and nothing can come out from inside.
In individual households, festivals and cleanliness are linked together.
Elements like spirit, strength, skill, stamina are extremely important in the world of sports.
This is but natural.
It is an effort to give strength to a mass movement for playing more, he explained.
Members of the Club include Mr. Montu Saini, Chef to the President of India; Ms. Cristeta Comerford, Chef to the President of the USA; and Mr. Mark Flanagan, Chef to Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom,, amongst others.
The EU would welcome India’s application for protection as a geographical indication of Basmati and shall process any such future application, as expeditiously as possible. d.
The review meeting, which lasted for nearly two hours, was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related Ministries, NITI Aayog, and PMO.
In the MoU, the parties including India have agreed to cooperate and hold mutual events in the prominent areas viz. labour legislation and enforcement, protection of workers’ rights with focus on vulnerable groups, Employment and labour market policies, Professional education, skills and training and Social protection.
The main features of the draft model Bill are as follows:-
two largest democracies in a special neighbourly embrace.
For 30 years, in our country, the government was unstable.
· Second Meeting of the BRICS Sherpas/Sous-Sherpas – 24 to 26 April (BelaBela, Limpopo)
India needs energy which is accessible to the poor.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Signing of Terms of Reference (TOR) governing the engagement of the designated Indian Expert to provide tax assistance to Swaziland (now known as Eswatini) under the Tax Inspectors Without Borders Programme between India and Eswatini.
He was a divine figure full of heroism, valor, courage, sacrifice and devotion.
It was amended 17 times between 1966 and 2014 resulting in an increase in the number of sections to more than 560 sections.
Yesterday’s job seekers are becoming today’s job creators.
The middle class and the underprivileged who aspire to have their own homes someday, are getting loans from the banks at low interest rates.
On this basis, the European Commission would expeditiously consider whether to review the above mentioned Regulation.
Our cooperation in Science and Technology is also gaining momentum.
But, sometimes, some evils find their place in society several times.
ii) Medical Consumable products;
Robust Telecom infrastructure is the backbone of a Digital Society.
He added that it is fuel produced from crops, which can change lives of people in both villages and cities.
The two leaders discussed ways in which India can continue development partnership, particularly to help the new government in meeting its pledges to the people of the Maldives.
CO2 equivalent (Gg)
The Prime Minister in his message has said:
“Talented and hardworking, Arpinder Singh has secured the Gold in the Men’s Triple Jump event.
The Prime Minister said that a country progresses through strong organizational and institutional capacities, which are the result of years of effort.
At a massive public meeting in Kareng Chapori, on the northern bank of the Brahmaputra,the Prime Minister also flagged off the first passenger train passing through the bridge.
We will be happy to further remove the imbalance in trade between us.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
Mrs. Florence Parly, the French Minister for the Armed Forces, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
Its contribution to global growth is sixty eight per cent higher, than its share of the world economy.
Each festival carries forward the tradition of showcasing our collective strength, to raise the sensitivity towards our social responsibilities and to keep on working tirelessly towards doing away with the social evils.
Celebrate festivities, enjoy with enthusiasm.
• to the welfare of the vast majority of citizens.
For this, First, an Afghan-led, Afghan-owned and Afghan-controlled process is key.
Multiple development projects in Jammu region unveiled today
Defence and Security Cooperation
Separate Pay Matrices have been drawn up for Civilians, Defence Personnel and for Military Nursing Service.
Pandharpur is a holy town in Solapur district in Maharashtra.
“This is the miracle of Digital India”, PM said.
In this context, he mentioned the Van Dhan Yojana, and other decisions taken for the benefit of the tribal communities.
Our athletes this time gave a creditable performance.
Not only is keeping one’s body clean and pure emphasized, but also cleanliness in one’s house, place of work and place of worship is given a lot of priority.
In this context, they welcomed the outcomes of the recently held 4th Joint Committee on Defence Cooperation in Riyadh on 2-3 January, 2019.
‘Mann Ki Baat’ gives me a great opportunity to be connected with you.
Another Rs 1,200 Crore has been made available to the Urban Local Bodies.
In the same way, some address the Reality as ‘Allah’, some as ‘God’, some as ‘Brahma’, some as ‘Kāli’, and others by such names as ‘Rama’, ‘Jesus’, ‘Durga’,’Hari.'”
It is true that from 1857 to 1942, we saw that the freedom movement had passed through different stages; there were ups and downs; different turning points, new leadership; sometimes it was violent, then non-violence.
The thoughts and ideals of SwamiVivekananda inspire and energise crores of Indians, particularly our youth.
It means a growth of over 75%.
This is also the service of God.
Medical and health research development, as well as exchange of experience in these areas; 4.
Terrorism and extremism are trying to weaken and destroy our social fabric.
A combination of individual farming, contract farming and captive plantation (by relaxing land ceiling norms) can only boost oil palm cultivation in the country.
He urged States to take steps in this regard.
He said aviation cannot be about rich people.
I congratulate those from the field of animation for highlighting nuances, just the way a teacher does.
61. Our resolve is to build such an India, free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
During 2017-18, it is estimated that an amount of Rs 29,000 Crore may be required through LTIF, for which EBR of Rs 9020 cr would be required.
On the other hand, economists have put constant pressure to reduce the subsidy on gas cylinders.
Buddhism imparts an ever present radiance to our relationship.
2. For the freedom and glory of the country, those who have contributed, those who suffered and sacrificed their lives, I salute all those noble souls, mothers and sisters on behalf of 125 crore people of the country from the ramparts of the Red Fort.
The Monsoon Session is significant on several accounts.
It is a great privilege to speak to you at the inauguration of the second edition of the Raisina Dialogue.
Government will provide necessary allocations for remaining period of scheme after assessment before March 2020.
At Vastral Gam Metro Station in Ahmedabad, the Prime Ministerinaugurated the first phase of Ahmedabad Metro Service.
An Apex Monitoring Authority under the chairpersonship of the Finance Minister will be constituted to periodically review the activities of NICDIT and progress of the projects.
The draft text of the Air Services Agreement (ASA) has been finalized in consultation with Ministry of Finance (Deptt. of Revenue/Deptt. of Economic Affairs), Ministry of External Affairs and Ministry of Law & Justice (Deptt. of Legal Affairs).
Workshop on Sustainable Water Development, Conservation and Efficiency 112.
How such a massive fund will be arranged, how so many pipelines will be laid?
At present we witness at every step how accurate Bapus words were.
Myanmar thanked India for the extended period of support to the Myanmar Institute of Information Technology and the India-Myanmar Centre for Enhancement of IT Skills.
We are encouraging foreign and domestic investors to set up high quality and efficient manufacturing facilities.
The project will be completed in a period of 48 months from the date of the approval by the Government of India.
The agreements signed by us today between our two countries will further strengthen our multifaceted bilateral cooperation.
Despite his 80% muscle atrophy, the 19 year old Jigar Thakkar won 11 medals in the National Para Swimming Competition.
Islam, in many parts of South East Asia has distinctive Indian connections going back several centuries.
Our scheme, Ujala is another example of monetary saving in Consumer Interest.
We also feel that our growing engagement in countering violence and extremism is necessary for securing our societies.
In May-June this year when there was a severe flood in Sri Lanka, three ships of our navy reached there immediately and helped the government and the people there.
He votes in one fashion in the Lok Sabha elections, he votes in a different manner in the State Assembly elections.
South Africa is India’s key trade and investment partner.
The Prime Minister said that 1.5 lakh Health and Wellness Centres are being constructed under Ayushman Bharat.
Our young generation must know what had happened on the 9th of August 1942.
In order to be successful in Indian markets, understanding Indian food habits and tastes is a key requirement.
As individuals, we may absorb new ideas by reading books or articles.
We are introducing a nation-wide scheme for financial assistance to pregnant women.
PM MODI: I have a very clear message.
The Central Service officers are deputed all over the states and they align the state with the vision of the Centre.
c. Training and competency development with focus on safety including in areas of advanced signaling and train control systems;
Details and progress of schemes already running:
Later, delivering the sixth Dr. Ambedkar Memorial Lecture, the Prime Minister categorically asserted that no changes will be made to the Union Government’s reservation policy, so as to deprive the weaker sections of society, of their existing entitlements.
Is indeed a Yogi who won’t know any fear.]
Indian Institutes of Management are the country’s premier institutions imparting best quality education in management on globally benchmarked processes of education and training in management education and allied area of knowledge.
Today, every citizen analyses, discusses, and attempts to cross-check and verify the news that comes to him, through multiple sources.
The latest engagement was when you went to Tashkent.
Sometimes our inhibitions or prejudices become a big hurdle in communication.
The Prime Minister digitally inaugurated 11 Rural Self Employment Training Institutes (RSETI) Buildings and a Plant Phenomics Facility at IARI.
18,000 villages did not have electricity.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Uzbekistan on Cooperation in the Sphere of Law & Justice.
The persons belonging to “Parivara’ and Talawara’ communities will be eligible to get the Scheduled Tribe certificate from the State of Karnataka and will also be eligible for all benefits meant for the Scheduled Tribes in the State.
You too will benefit from it.
Urgent action to tackle climate change – in line with the Paris agreement;
We have maintained the speed.
During the Summit, I will have interactions with all the leaders of BIMSTEC to further enrich our regional cooperation, enhance our trade ties and advance our collective efforts to build a peaceful and prosperous Bay of Bengal region.
We are on the way to ensure that all the North East states come on the rail map soon.
Their contributions are deeply valued both in India and in UAE.
The leaders considered the opportunity to deepen transport cooperation in areas of mutual interest across all modes of transport, notably maritime, aviation, urban mobility and, rail.
The MoU will further strengthen ties, promote long standing bilateral relations and enhance trade and regional integration between Republic of India and the Republic of Austria.
Major international Financial Institutionslike the World Bank and the IMFas well as agencies like Moody’s have expressed confidence in India’s economic journey.
PM earlier visited Kerala on January 15, 2019 to inaugurate Kollam bypass and also visited Padmanabhaswamy Temple in Thiruvananthapuram
Background:
The 44th amendment, made it mandatory that the proceedings of Parliament and Legislative Assemblies were made public through the newspapers.
It envisages cooperation in the field of electoral management and administration and providing a leg-up to it in conducting elections in their respective countries.
· 4th Meeting of Senior Officials/Experts on the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) – 19 June (Pretoria)
Ladies and Gentlemen.
The Prime Minister said Babasaheb Ambedkar had a key role to play in the establishment of “aspiration” in the hearts and minds of crores of people.
Moreover, with the Government assuring healthcare benefits, the savings of a family, can now be better used for other consumption and investment.
The project would mitigate water logging problem and enhance the flows/ water availability in the two canals.
The Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana (PM-KISAN) was announced in the interim Budget 2019-20 on February 1, 2019.
Many such projects are in various such stages of development.
He noted that the prize is being conferred at a time when India marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
While he was Chief Minister of Gujarat, he had inaugurated the memorial dedicated to Shyamji Krishna Varma in Kutch.
I am ready to convince them in which ever way possible.
We must take a resolve to do something positive for our country.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
We are fortunate that South African President Mr. Cyril Ramaphosa is going to grace the Republic Day celebrations as chief guest.
after entry 42, the following entry shall be inserted, namely:-“43.
The Prime Minister said that all villages of the country are now electrified, and under Saubhagya Yojana, 4 crore houses are now being provided with electricity connections.
The Joint Working Group will meet at intervals agreed upon by the Participants, alternately in Denmark and in India.
ASEAN-India: Shared values, common destiny”
This is the tenth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes.
Q. Why have you made a decision to go ahead with this historic visit?
She has won a medal in Serbia too.
At the same time, royalty rate for on land areas have been kept intact so that revenues to the state governments are not affected.
Above all, it showcases your personal commitment, consistent support and strong leadership in transforming the substance and character of our relationship.
Today, youth who had turned to the wrong path, are returning to the mainstream in large numbers.
During his address, Prime Minister highlighted several aspects of India – Japan partnership.
His slogan “Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan” is the hall mark of his grand personality.
Come, why don’t you learn how to checkmate in exams from him!
The evil of corruption has been spread by certain sections of society for their selfish interest.
These projects are cumulatively worth over 37000 crore rupees.
In the last four years, we have jumped 65 places in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business ranking, to 77th.
It is not merely Ease of doing Business.
In just over three months about 89 thousand beneficiaries were admitted and an amount of more than rupees two hundred crore has been authorized for admitted patients of Tamil Nadu.
I assure you, those who have looted the nation will continue to be scared of Narendra Modi.
The rights and the interests of honest, hard-working people will be fully protected.
We are using mobile power or M-power to empower our citizens.
16. The Sides reviewed progress in the implementation of Priority Investment Projects in the spheres of mining, metallurgy, power, oil & gas, railways, pharmaceuticals, Information Technology, chemicals, infrastructure, automobile, aviation, space, shipbuilding and manufacturing of different equipment.
These schemes provide assistance for – relief and rehabilitation of displaced families of PoJK and Chhamb; Relief assistance to Sri Lankan refugees, Relief assistance to Brus lodged in relief camps in Tripura; Rehabilitation of BRU/Reang families from Tripura to Mizoram; enhanced relief to 1984 Anti-Sikh Riot Victims; Relief to Civilian victims/family of victims of terrorists/Communal/LWE violence and Cross Border firing and Mine/IED blasts on Indian Territory and Repatriation of Indian Prisoners from abroad; Grant-in-aid to Central Tibetan Relief Committee (CTRC).
We can not survive in the absence of air.
Moreover, my joy has doubled due the fact that I had laid the foundation-stone for this international centre in April 2015.
The second half of the budget session of the parliament gets underway today.
Governor of Maharashtra Shri C. Vidyasagar Rao, CM of Maharashtra Shri Devendra Fadnavis, Union Minister of State Shri Ramdas Athawale and Union Minister of State Col. Rajyavardhan Rathore (Retd.) along with other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
The Prime Minister said that the implementation of these welfare schemes is also bringing about a behavioural change in lives of people.
Whether it is mines, minerals or machines; all are rewarding areas.
Earlier, urea used to go to chemical factories, and the government subsidies were stolen in the name of farmers.
We have organised a Ramayana Festival with troupes from ASEAN countries, to showcase our common cultural treasure through this great epic.
A major pillar of strength in our partnership is the connect between our societies.
In all our efforts, we are guided by Mahatma Gandhi’s teaching that we should recall the face of the poorest and the weakest person that we have ever seen and ask ourselves if the step that we plan is going to be of any benefit to that person.
He was a remarkable leader, who entered public life at a young age and went on to serve society with utmost diligence and compassion.
He said this belief is the foundation of Rising India.
We welcome all your efforts that seek to strengthen India’s partnership with the over-seas Indian community.
I see it in Parliament, that humour is finished there too.
·Due to the efforts made by the government, those local bodies are also reaping the financial benefits.
India, being at the forefront of tobacco control, would be able to influence the international organizations including World Custom Organization in controlling such illicit trade.
4th BRICS Science, Technology & InnovationMinisterial Meeting (8 October 2016, Jaipur) 12.
My home state, Gujarat is the land of Somnath.
The Connectivity Summit was also an affirmation of the linkages that India shares with ASEAN through land, air, maritime, cultural, civilizational and people-to-people relations that date back centuries.
Ekta in her e-mail writes – ‘The most important moment in the life of any athlete is that when he or she holds the tricolor and I am proud that I could do that.’
They will collaborate on development and sharing of information on housing and real estate data base including market trends, best practices and investment opportunities.
In achieving this goal, I congratulate the space science fraternity of India, and in particular the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO).
The Mission has undertaken many bold and forward-looking initiatives such as Alal Tinkering Labs (ATL) and Atal Incubation Centres (AIC), which have received great traction;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will interact with IT and electronic manufacturing professionals across India on October 24, 2018, on the occasion of the launch of the “Main Nahin Hum” Portal and App.
The ‘Vahan’ of Lord Ganesh is the mouse.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Russia for cooperation in the field of Science & Technology (S&T) signed in October, 2016.
It is our civilisation and culture to take everybody along.
But the media too, has a key role to play here.
This is a historic achievement for not just ISRO but for all of India.
This Budget will provide a new energy to the fast growing economy of the country.
It plans to meet nearly twenty five percent of the entire energy requirements from renewable sources, particularly solar energy.
This is the first-ever Indian circumnavigation of the globe by an all-women crew.
He said that the development work that has happened today, should have been completed decades ago.
He also spoke about PM Kisan Samman Nidha Yojana and said it will benefit about 2.25 crore poor farmers in UP.
In a major boost to healthcare facilities and services in Madurai and adjoining areas of Tamil Nadu, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today laid foundation stone for AIIMS Madurai and inaugurated several projects.
Shri Narendra Modi has often used the metro to travel for engagements in the National Capital Region.
The MoU will provide a framework for cooperation between India and Singapore in the field of Public Administration and Governance Reforms.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Air Services Agreement between India and Rwanda.
Upon completion, the project will have a significant and direct beneficial impact in terms of reduction of pollution load in the two rivers and improvement in their water quality.
Usually, when people’s movements have arisen, the people and the government have been at loggerheads.
All decisions have been taken unanimously by the states and the Centre together.
The hidden black money has been brought into the formal economy.
We will continue the pace and process of reforms and de-regulation.
The Prime Minister said that to address the shortage of doctors, the number of seats in medical colleges is being substantially enhanced.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited Naya Raipur in Chhattisgarh.
Our shared developmental challenges do not face the problem of scale.
My deliberations with President Uhuru Kenyatta will revolve around how India and Kenya can grow their bilateral cooperation.
The MoC will promote bilateral relationship between India and Japan in the energy sector.
We chaired the International Energy Forum from 2016 to 2018.
Thousands of our innocent people have lost their lives.
The number of such people may be miniscule, but they turn out to be sources of inspiration for millions of others, spanning an array of eras.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that culture is the lifeblood of any nation as it gives identity to it.
Therefore, the strategic imperative to Make in India, to Make for India, and to Supply to the World from India is stronger than ever before.
It has now been decided to permit 100% FDI under automatic route for SBRT.
Patna Jn. to ISBT corridor will connect Gandhi Maidan, PMCH, Patna University, Rajendra Nagar, Mahatma Gandhi Setu, Transport Nagar and ISBT.
The Prime Minister said that the development of the tourism sector cannot happen in isolation.
PM asked people to compare 55 months of his Government with 55 years of the previous Governments with respect to developmental activities in Arunachal Pradesh and other North Eastern states also.
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
Efforts are being made to provide equality in terms of residence so that no one is deprived of a house.
In this context, he also recalled his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka today morning.
All of us cricket lovers know Bradman’s name very well.
The draft bill is aimed at bringing reforms in the medical education of Indian medicine sector in lines with the National Medical Commission proposed for setting up for Allopathy system of medicine.
He said the Union Government would continue to take decisions, keeping national interest supreme.
The Punjab Government also conveyed its financial concurrence on 26.04.2018.
Approval of the Cabinet has been granted in respect of Ex-post facto approval of the MoU signed in 2011 and approval for signing of MoU between ICAI, India and CPA, Canada and the MoU envisages arrangements for reciprocal membership that will apply to the respective members of both the Institutes subject to specified criteria.
If you take into consideration the work that has been done in the last four years, you will be surprised to see the speed at which the country is moving and the pace at which the progress is being made.
The resource centre may enable the states and the implementing agencies to properly plan and execute projects, promote research and innovations and provide strategic policy vision for the region.
The Prime Minister announced the doubling of routine incentives given by the Union Government to ASHA workers.
I have told the President that we are willing to substantially scale up our supply of power.
Rules of road regulation violation
The estimated expenditure on salary will be around Rs 59,39,040 per annum for the (one) Circle office.
He said the Government aims to double income of farmers by 2022.
ARNAB: When your foreign policy is studied, observers analyze what’s happening and what’s not happening.
It is through our modern temples of science that India is transforming its present and working to secure its future,” the Prime Minister said.
He said he is happy to be among those who are responsible for ensuring that companies follow the law, and maintain their accounts properly.
A glimpse of his life span reflects a glimpse of the entire India.
But, we also cannot ignore the safety of our people.
52. Both sides emphasized the importance of an effective reformed multilateral system, centred on a UN reflective of contemporary realities, as a key factor in tackling global challenges.
I had never even imagined that in our country especially the young generation has been doing this kind of work from a long time.
As a society, as a nation, the 2 minute tribute of silence on 30th January at 11 am, should become our instinctive nature.
In Jharkhand, PM will unveil plaque to mark the layingoffoundation stone of revival of North Koel (Mandal Dam) project andKanhar Stone Pipeline irrigation system.
In this context, Prime Minister referred to the role of skilled Indian talent in enriching the American economy and society.
In modern times, our relationship goes back to the pre-independence era, when our founding fathers supported the freedom struggle of Cyprus.
and Friends,
However, some States were unable to join the scheme due to time constraints in completing the processes or inability to take major policy decisions such as joining UDAY due to on-going election processes.
Gas pricing reforms have also been introduced.
Presence of Shale oil/gas has a strong possibility in basins such as Cambay, Krishna- Godavari (KG), Cauvery etc. where mature organic rich Shale exist.
Medipark will be developed in phases, spread over seven years for completion.
In addition, 20 Aircraft are also being used for ferrying resources.
Positive results will follow.
I have a lot of faith in Yoga.
“I urge you to focus on any issue close to your heart, mobilise local communities and make a positive difference in the lives of those around you.
President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, Dr. Mohammad Ashraf Ghani paid a visit to India on September 19, 2018 at the invitation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
They called for all issues related to the Iranian nuclear programme to be resolved peacefully and through dialogue.
They should only motivate them to prepare well for their exams.
4. The Agreement shall enter into force on the date of notification of completion of the procedures required by the respective laws of the two countries for entry into force of the Agreement.
“I bow to the brave Shaheed Bhagat Singh on his Jayanti.
They were marked by the desire to do more.
We will deliberate on the situation of global economy and trade, international financial and tax systems, the future of work, women empowerment, infrastructure and sustainable development.
PM will dedicate the electrification of Erode-Karur-Tiruchchirapalli and Salem-Karur-Dindigul railway lines to the nation.
The current membership of APTA consists of six countries or Participating States (PSs), namely, Bangladesh, China, India, Lao PDR, Republic of Korea, and Sri Lanka.
Lack of cash causes difficulty, but excess of cash is even more troublesome.
Never say stop and don’t ask space for its passage.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will dedicate to the nation, India’s longest road tunnel – the 9 kilometre long “Chenani – Nashri Tunnel” – on April 2nd, 2017.
Thank you very much.
As an environmentalist, he worked tirelessly for conservation of conservation of Narmada river.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, joined the 188 delegates for a historic group photo.
Hence, it has as much social accountability as the elected government or the judiciary.
Today the economic development will be led by the army of my Chartered Accountants.
ARNAB: Do you think that the farmers’ crisis will be resolved, the question I asked, that it won’t be an annual affair, the dependence on monsoons will go down?
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, rural roads have now connected 88 percent of all eligible habitations.
Its implemntation is now underway.
Combined with this, Indian enterprise and innovation has received a fillip due to the ‘Make in India’, ‘Start up India’ and ‘Stand up India’ initiatives that seek to celebrate enterprise, innovation and research in India.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation.
We want create an India where every citizen is empowered.
In Karnataka, especially in far-off, remote places, thousands of women availed of her services.
I extend my heartiest wishes to these three daughters Avni, Bhawana and Mohana as well as their parents.
One was at New York City where the United Nations Organisation -UNO Head Quarters building is located.
In his death, people of Tamil Nadu have lost their popular leader.
You people have got the opportunity to experience the country by living with the people from all corners of the country in a very short span of time.
He said the implementation of schemes such as PM Awas Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Saubhagya Yojana and construction of toilets, in Amethi, is now bringing ease of living to the people.
Employment Working GroupMeeting (27-28 July 2016, Hyderabad).
This tradition combines indigenous and external ideas from India’s past.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Meghalaya on their Statehood Day.
He will lay the Foundation Stones of several infrastructure and development projects, including an integrated transport hub, regional water supply schemes, housing projects, and a flyover.
Toward this end, the two leaders reaffirmed their commitment to cooperate on research and development, including through the announcement of an upcoming $30 million public-private research effort in smart grid and grid storage.
The key to finding a solution to this issue lies with the affected parties.
The Centre will promote sustainable agricultural development and poverty alleviation through strategic cooperation in agriculture to provide food security in the BRICS member countries.
The Prime Minister said both leaders also discussed ways to counter terrorism and radicalization.
In Indian mythology, woman is an incarnation of Shakti – the Goddess of power.
And, whoever reads that debate will feel proud about what actually the vision of a life dedicated to the nation is.
I am from Gujarat.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for placing the new Instrument adopted by International Labour Organization (ILO) Recommendation concerning “The Employment and Decent Work for Peace and Resilience (No.-205)” before the Parliament.
“At a time when the dark shadow of violence is becoming longer, you are the noor, or the light of hope.
0.80 ~1 .20 million tons per annum
The Amendments include:
I wish to congratulate those who took out time for an in depth analysis of our work, there were some praises some support and sometimes shortcomings were also pointed out, I understand the importance of all these things.
• Five paid festival holidays in addition to national holidays etc.
Brothers and sisters, there was a time when India was included in a group related to international economy called Fragile Five, unlike the groups today like, G-7, G-8 or G-20.
Today, on Christmas Day, as a gift the countrymen are going to get the benefit of two schemes.
Serendipity indeed!
Bangabandu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman was a dear friend of India and a towering leader.
He was committed towards eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
This was possible due to the contribution of people like Gurudev Tagore and Swami Vivekananda, he added.
These 26 islands are located along different parts of India’s coastline, including some in the Andamans and Lakshadweep.
Prime Minister Modi and President Sirisena will also witness the first major event at the renovated stadium, which is a celebration of the second International Day of Yoga.
As the first Indian Prime Minister to do so, I am greatly looking forward to this unprecedented visit that will bring our two countries and people closer.
The Prime Minister later visited the Pratap Gaurav Kendra, which celebrates the life, valour and achievements of Maharana Pratap, the great King of the erstwhile kingdom of Mewar.
MoU between Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), India and Hiroshima University, Japan for Research Partnership.
This important matter has not been discussed much, but it has drawn Shobha Ji’s attention.
This year too, the youth of the country is all set, to take part in the ‘Run for Unity’.
7. The two sides re-affirmed their deep commitment to strengthen the ‘strategic partnership’ envisaged in the ‘Riyadh Declaration’ of February 2010 and reiterated during the visit of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques His Majesty King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, in February 2014 and the visit of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi to Saudi Arabia in April 2016.
“People across India are celebrating the start of the new year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Environment Day.
They expressed satisfaction at the regular exchange of high-level visits between the two countries, underlining that the Delhi Declaration (2006) and the Riyadh Declaration (2010) elevated the mutually beneficial bilateral relations to the level of ‘Strategic Partnership’.
Parties have also agreed to initiate the work on setting up the new collective finance goals post-2020 from the floor of US$ 100 billion.
Recently, prices of knee implants have also been brought under control.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors of roads, PMGSY, rural housing, urban housing, railways, airports and ports.
He said the date symbolizes the willpower and ambition of the youth.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
His understanding of policy and emphasis on social welfare stood out.
Place of birth: Dhandhlas, Nagaur, Rajasthan Date of birth: March 1, 1948 Educational qualification : MA Constituency : Elected to Lok Sabha for the first time from Nagaur Past administrative experience : Officer of Rajasthan Administrative Servivce
Recognizing that developed countries are principally responsible for the current high levels of Greenhouse Gas (GHGs) in the atmosphere, the Kyoto Protocol places commitments on developed nations to undertake mitigation targets and to provide financial resources and transfer of technology to the developing nations.
The Constitution (One Hundred and Third Amendment) Act, 2019 has been applied in the country except Jammu and Kashmir and with extension of Act to Jammu and Kashmir economically weaker sections of State would also avail the benefit of reservation.
With a spotlight on economic ties, both President Putin and I will also be interacting with CEOs from both countries.
Every day we are making it easier to invest and do business in India.
Signing of the Agreement will strengthen the cooperation between India and Algeria, and provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth, satellite navigation, space science and exploration of outer space.
And that was the period when all the stalwarts, that we hear about today: Rajendra Babu, Acharya Kripalani Ji, and others were all sent to the villages by Gandhi Ji.
Through this philosophy, we are ensuring that some of our most deprived areas experience social and economic progress on par with others.
My vision for our neighbourhood puts a premium on peaceful and harmonious ties with entire South Asia.
He spoke of initiatives taken for improving road and rail connectivity in the region.
Today, Mahatma Gandhi is not among us.
We remember with pride his rich contribution towards India’s history”, the Prime Minister said.
As democracies, we support openness, transparency and the rule of law.
We should chat with them.
The Andaman and Nicobar Islands are of immense strategic significance for India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his fifteenth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
The Prime Minister mentioned the progress made by Manipur in other sectors such as Swachh Bharat, sanitation, and development of the aspirational district of Chandel.
Based on the areas for which expression of interest has been expressed bidding will be conducted every 6 months.
Flowers bloom.
He said this bridge enhances connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, and opens the door for economic development, on a big scale.
The Government equity would be Rs.1,000 crore.
They noted that in 2017 bilateral trade increased by more than 20% and agreed to work towards its further increase and diversification.
A variety of subjects such as administration, governance, technology and policy-making came up for discussion.
He congratulated the students who received degrees today.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Health and Family welfare of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Health And Sports of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar on cooperation in the field of Health and medicine
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, interacted with students, teachers and parents, as part of Pariksha Pe Charcha 2.0 at Talkatora Stadium, New Delhi.
The fields that produce the finest fruits and saffron shall once again come alive with the clear waters of the river.
This hospital will address a long-standing healthcare access issue for the local population, especially for the vulnerable sections including women and children.
The Ordinance has extended the provisions of the Integrated Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 referred to as (IGST Act) to the State of Jammu & Kashmir.
Earlier, he welcomed Narmada water into the Krishna Sagar Lake by pressing a button and offering flower petals.
Meeting of Working Group on Energy Saving and Improvement of Energy Efficiency (4-5 July 2016, Visakhapatnam) 26.
In future, such a mechanism could also serve as pre-cursor to the proposal of having an alternate rating agency by BRICS nations.
Describing the city of Paris as an important part of his political journey, the Prime Minister said India and France had worked shoulder to shoulder for this agreement.
These systems hold tremendous potential in the global health scenario.
· EBRD’s core operations pertain to private sector development in their countries of operation.
A need was felt to give a similar fillip to the effort of the Central Government in universalizing access to secondary education and expanding the reach of the higher education sector.
Should we break away from it?
He said that today, as India achieves its best ever Asian Games performance, and the economy shows excellent growth numbers, the entire country is full of new self-confidence.
Meeting of BRICS Heads of Tax Authorities 98.
If you perform poorly against him, you will become distressed and disappointed, will be filled with envy, that will devour and consume you.
I am both delighted and over-whelmed to see such a keen gathering here in this historic region of Kanchipuram in the great State of Tamil Nadu.
Talking about the distribution of charkhas, the Prime Minister said Khadi is a priority for us, and a charkha at home brings more income.
He will lay the foundation stone for national highway projects, and the Pendra-Anuppur 3rd railway line.
A draft notification was issued in April, 2018 for inviting comments from public at large.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister recalled several anecdotes about Shri Sahni.
In a way, the government has provided a fresh opportunity to the people in the field of chartered accountancy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the increase in the carpet area of houses eligible for interest subsidy under the Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme (CLSS) for the Middle Income Group (MIG) under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban).
The National Museum of Indian Cinema has been set up to showcase the rich cinematic history of India as well as to encapsulate socio-cultural history of India as revealed through evolution of Cinema. tt will take the visitors through an absorbing journey of more than a century of Indian Cinema in a story telling mode with the help of visuals and graphics, film clippings, artifacts, publicity materials, interactive exhibits and many more.
A phone call would get loans for their cronies and the nation suffered
It has been an honour and privilege to welcome President Xi, President Zuma President Temer, and President Putin to the beautiful state of Goa.
The Honourable President of India Shri Pranab Mukherjee inaugurated a new radio channel named ‘Akashvani Maitree Channel’ at Kolkata.
An early start to negotiations on the Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Information would be important in this respect.
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
And, for us, the most relevant benchmark for the success of our friendship is your progress and success.
And a select bank of people will find it difficult to supress their voice.
Development and prosperity of Pune Metropolitan Area will also contribute to the prosperity and development of the nation.
The more employment one creates, the more tax benefits they will get.
Media, therefore, must make an extra effort, to maintain credibility.
It is heartening to note that the contribution of small and medium scale sector to defence production has grown by 200 percent in the last 4 years.
He said that it is remarkable that a nation of over 1.25 billion people has achieved a rise of 65 ranks in a short period of 4 years.
We take much joy from your accomplishments in various walks of life.
The emphasis is on enhancing productivity, reducing cost of cultivation and strengthening post-harvesting management, including market structure.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is making efforts to build infrastructure for India’s future needs.
Surf the Net to do some research on the valiant bravehearts, who have been bestowed with these honours, compose a few good lines about them and share these with your friends and companions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO team on the successful launch of GSLV-F08 with indigenous cryogenic stage.
He also noted that the day marks the birthdays of two Bharat Ratnas – Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya, and Former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or New woman and is renowned for his efforts for Women empowerment.
17. For 72 hours, till midnight on 11th November, railway ticket booking counters, ticket counters of government buses and airline ticket counters at airports will accept the old notes for purchase of tickets.
The next edition has been planned for first quarter of next year in Kyrgyz Republic.
Our people are constantly threatened by forces of terrorism and extremism.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has approved Central Assistance of Rs. 2000 crore for 36,384 displaced families from Pakistan occupied areas of Jammu & Kashmir (POJK) and Chhamb following an announcement of Prime Minister’s Development Package for Jammu & Kashmir-2015 in November, 2015
The Prime Minister stressed on better outcomes for turnaround time of ships and clearance for Exim cargo.
He appreciated the students for their persistence in selecting a stream that is conventionally believed to be unconventional, but is highly important for today’s age.
vii. The India International Institute of Democracy and Election Management (IIIDEM) and the International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance (International IDEA).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the Foundation Stone of the Vishva Umiyadham Complex at Jaspur, Ahmedabad.
An additional financial liability of Rs. 1060.50 crore will be required for this purpose.
53. The two sides also reiterated their commitment to working together to address fugitive economic offenders including through international organisations and institutions.
Precisely for this reason we are focusing on change and bringing in modern methods in the agricultural sector.
I also compliment the management and staff of the Thanthi group for this success.
Under this scheme, one person each from 6 crore households is being made digitally literate.
The MoU will be signed during the upcoming visit of the Vice President to Malta.
Vikram Misri, Ambassador of India to Myanmar
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mary Kom for winning a Gold in Women’s World Boxing Championships.
“Terrorism is a global menace.
Likewise we say that the moment “performer”” and the “Act” becomes one, there results easy achieving.
With the launch of GST, Team India has proven its potential and diligence.
The Prime Minister said the team of senior officers in Union Government are keen to explore new avenues and ways for the betterment of people.
We are also looking at various strategies for effective waste management.
The Amendment will increase the maximum limit of gratuity of employees, in the private sector and in Public Sector Undertakings/ Autonomous Organizations under Government who are not covered under CCS (Pension) Rules, at par with Central Government employees.
It has been renamed as Home based child care under which the Asha worker will visit 11 times in first 15 month in place of earlier 6 visits in first 42 days of birth.
Oil Palm is one of the world’s most efficient crop in terms of yield of vegetable oil per ha and today it is largest source of vegetable oil in the world.
This is the first Prime Ministerial bilateral visit to Mexico after 30 years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Malta for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism.
The Convention has been opened for signature as on 31st December 2016 and a first joint signing ceremony is scheduled to be held in Paris on 7th June, 2017.
India needs to create thirty crore new jobs over the next twenty years.
In the existing Act, there is a provision for representation of a single national political party.
The entire country had come together as one to fight for the cause.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Netanyahu will inaugurate the iCreate Center at Deo Dholera Village in Ahmedabad.
The world is better in many aspects today than it was in 1988 Global poverty has been steadily falling.
He said the Union Government has approved 100 percent FDI in healthcare systems.
The Asia-Pacific is rapidly urbanizing.
The Council shall have such powers as may be delegated to it by the Central Government.
Similarly, the number of Japanese companies working in India has gone up steadily in the last few years.
These loans are classified as MUDRA loans under PMMY.
A new India is emerging, which is being powered by the strength & skills of 125 crore Indians.
The Prime Minister said that the common mobility card unveiled today, eliminates the need for having multiple cards for travelling in metro and using other means of transportation throughout the country.
Background:
At a primary school in Narur village, he was greeted enthusiastically by school children on arrival.
Training centres and skill development centres have been opened in every district of the country for the skill development of youth.
India is happy to note the unity of thought and purpose on this serious global challenge.
This includes around 90,000 female domestic workers.
Speaking about the budget cycle, he said this has an effect on the real economy.
Technology breaks barriers.
This may expedite the achievement of many sustainable development goals.
A well-read population will help India excel globally.
Similarly, the Indian work force is sought after in the entire world.
In its pursuit of excellence, the Election Commission has been receiving various proposalsfrom foreign electoral bodies for developing bilateral relations in the field of election and matters connected therewith.
This will give a boost to the economic development of the region.
Rs.13,365.77 crore metro project to be completed in five years
At some point of time they will also have to think of this novel experience that has defied conventional thinking.
The company is engaged in the manufacturing and repair of wagons and production of steel.
I stressed this upon them and I noticed that they too realized that today when the nation is surging ahead, all of us must contribute to it.
a) seafarers held in hostage captivity of pirates will receive wages till they are released and reach home back safely;
President Ghani strongly condemned the cross-border terror attack and conveyed Afghanistan’s solidarity and support with India against all actions to eliminate the threat of terrorism.
He said that PM Kisan Nidhi is a historic step for farmer welfare which will help the farmers who have under 5 acres of land.
Sri Krishna Ayush University is the first University related to Indian system of medicine in Haryana as well as the first University of this kind in India
Many have sent me the videos of their work in this field.
It will provide leadership in advanced healthcare, medical education and research in the region.
There are also some limits placed on the withdrawals from ATMs and bank for the very short run.
Shri Narendra Modi’s own words written in his blog on October 2, 2018 shows his vision in promoting the legacy of Bapuji.
Speaking of positive interventions in the social sector, the Prime Minister said that the Government is reaching out to twelve crore small and marginal farmers by providing them a comfort of rupees six thousand every year.
There are times when a problem portrays the importance of Science for finding its solution.
Benches of Adjudicating Authority may sit in Kolkata, Mumbai and Chennai, and the necessary notification in this regard shall be issued after making consultation with the Chairperson of the proposed Adjudicating Authority.
But by this you will understand that crores of vehicles are purchased every year in the country.
Like crores of Indians across the length and breadth of the nation, I too feel delighted to be a part of celebrations of Maha-Shivratri.
I have said earlier also that the combination of your hardware and our software is a fantastic combination.
Yogiji had a short life span, may be it had some spiritual significance.
The Yojana is in mission mode and will ensure electric connection to around four crore households.
I welcome you all to the Vibrant Gujarat Summit.
2. Assistance in development of human resources and setting up of health care facilities;
These Metro Projects will not only add to connectivity, but will also reduce the travel time and enhance the ease of living substantially in the urban areas.
The revision entails an estimated recurring annual expenditure of approximately Rs 129.63 crore for pensioners and Rs 24.93 crore for family pensioners and arrears from 2013-14 would be Rs 239.92 crore approximately for pensioners and Rs 44.62 Crore approximately for family pensioners.
The technical cooperation will cover joint research working groups, pilot projects, capacity building programs, study tour, case studies and the sharing of experience/expertise.
To the everlasting friendship between the people of India and Kenya.
2. Disability Pension for Defence Pensioners
The training of 1500 Bangladesh civil servants in India has almost concluded.
He added that the disruptions are a loss to the nation than to the government.
The process will be transparent and similar to the selection process of male officers.
The Prime Minister recalled his positive conversation with President Donald Trump and the shared commitment to further strengthen ties that have grown deeper in the last two and a half years.
It will help you avoid wastage of study time; it will enhance your ability to study well.
There is absolutely no need to spend much on wedding reception or any other item.
§ a mechanism for monitoring implementation of its action plans.
Do you believe we have been too generous towards Pakistan?
Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojna aims to meet the demand of water of the farmers.
He said the infrastructure in the country is growing today at a rapid pace.
Both sides agreed that bilateral relations have tremendous potential and reaffirmed the mutual desire to strengthen political, economic, commercial, defence, technical, educational, scientific and cultural cooperation.
As per the package, Rs. 5.5 lakh cash benefit per family will be disbursed to the displaced families to enable them to earn an income and subsist their livelihood.
This cooperation will be mutually beneficial on economic, social and environmental fields in both countries.
Why all these things?
I am confident that the business partnerships that they forge will enhance the level and momentum of our commercial engagement.
We are battling corruption, black money etc on the lines of Military Forces.”
Growth in the aviation sector is expected to raise demand for aviation fuel four times by 2040.
For many, the Harirud River is one strand of our connected histories since the ancient Vedic times.
He worked tirelessly for the progress of Delhi, particularly towards ensuring better infrastructure.
We can proudly say that India has such a great tradition.
In a way, Gandhi created two sides of the same coin; one being struggle and the other, creativity.
The India-UK Cancer Research Initiative will identify a core set of research challenges that address issues of affordability, prevention and care of cancer by bringing together leading Indian and UK experts across clinical research, demographic research, new technologies and physical sciences.
Making a strong statement on cow vigilantism, the Prime Minister said, “We are a land of non violence.
PM Awards for Excellence in Public Administration have been instituted with a view to acknowledge, recognize and reward the exemplary work for citizen’s welfare by Districts & Organisations of the Central and State Governments.
Our emphasis has been on reducing Govevrnment and enhancing Governance.
PM inaugurated the Medical Colleges at Hazaribagh, Dumka and Palamu.
Why this discrimination?
These works of art have captivated people from around the world.
There is another way.
Regulation of drugs and pharmaceutical products; 8.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the exchange of tariff concessions, on Margin of Preference basis, under the Fourth Round of Negotiations under the Asia Pacific Trade Agreement and related amendments.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has strongly condemned the reported incidents of vandalism in certain parts of country and said stern action will be taken against those found guilty.
44. 29 crore JanDhan accounts opened.
Shri Hasmukh Adhia, Revenue Secretary, Ministry of Finance
However, this is an effort to move in the right direction.
Peru has been cooperating with India at the International fora and the trade agreement will enhance the trade and economic relations between the two countries.
Recently, he dedicated the National Police Memorial to the nation, to salute the courage and sacrifice of over 33,000 police personnel who laid down their lives for the service of the nation.
He also laid the Foundation Stone and dedicated various development projects in Amethi.
Our societies share deep linkages rooted in the thought streams of hinduism and buddhism.
I also shared with His Highness the interest of Indian companies to be a partner in infrastructure projects for the World EXPO 2020 in Dubai.
There are possibilities for significant increase in many sectors such as agriculture, metals and minerals, oils and gas, pharmaceutical, chemicals, motor vehicles and services.
Our goal of creating a carbon sink of two point five to three billion tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent by 2030had once seemed difficult to many.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today appreciated Vice President Shri Hamid Ansari, saying that it reflects his skill, patience and intellect, to be able to function as Chairman of the Rajya Sabha for 10 years, where one has to be calm in all situations.
He said that through PRAGATI,more than 250 projects worth Rs.12 lakh crores have been reviewed at his end.
iv. Creation of the post of Director of the Institute in the Pay Scale of Rs.80,000 (Fixed); and
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief on loss of lives in tragic bus accident in Himachal Pradesh.
He noted that peace and stability in Myanmar are of the highest priority to India and reiterated India’s continued support to the Government of Myanmar in consolidating democratic institutions in Myanmar and for the emergence of a democratic Federal Republic.
Shri Narendra Modi also brought the Sabarmati Ashram, set up by Mahatma Gandhi in Ahmedabad, to the forefront of Indian diplomacy.
We agree to expand linkages among our educational and research institutions.
This will encourage ease of doing business, make the norms of classification growth oriented and align them to the new tax regime revolving around GST (Goods & Services Tax).
As South Africa works towards economic prosperity, safety and security for its people, it will find in India a trusted and reliable partner.
Putting the global economy back on track was another focus point of our deliberations.
Bond markets must become a source of long term infrastructure finance.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi made a telephone call to the President of the Republic of Indonesia H. E. Joko Widodo today.
17. The two leaders reaffirmed their unwavering commitment and support for increased cooperation in combating terrorism in all its forms and manifestations both within the region and elsewhere.
d) To exchange visits of Tour Operators / Media /Opinion Makers for promotion of two way tourism.
32. Enhance cooperation in biodiversity conservation and management, through exchange of knowledge and experience, conduct of joint research activities and capacity building programmes to address the loss of biodiversity and ecosystem degradation, including supporting the work of the ASEAN Centre for Biodiversity (ACB).
The PM-SYM along with the health coverage provided under ‘Ayushman Bharat’ and life & disability coverage provided under ‘Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana’ and ‘Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, will ensure comprehensive social security coverage for the workers in the unorganized sector at their old age.
In order to facilitate HURL to set up the fertilizer projects at the three locations, Lease Deeds are to be signed with HURL by FCIL/HFCL.
We have agreed to deepen our security partnership including in the fields of cyber security, combating drugs and narcotics, and human trafficking.
This time I put some issues before them.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people, to help create a society where there is no discrimination based on gender.
The bilateral trade relations between India and Bhutan are governed by the Agreement on Trade, Commerce and Transit between the Government of India and Bhutan.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Steinbeis GmbH Co.
He has a Master’s degree in Economics from Cambridge University.
The Prime Minister said that the young officers must imbibe all the positives from these interactions.
Our farmers know ‘NPK’ very well.
Most of you wanted this change in India.
The Award Citation says:
41. The Government will bear the health-care expenditure upto Rs 1 lakh per annum for the BPL families.
Finland’s principal environmental agency is the Ministry of the Environment, established in 1983.
At times, when I look back, I am taken aback.
The menace of terrorism in our region is a concrete manifestation of this destructive emotion.
“We strongly condemn the terror attacks in Afghanistan yesterday.
He spoke of the expansion of smartphones, broadband and data connectivity, which he described as signs of a digital revolution in India.
As in the past, I look forward to interacting with the Indian diaspora in the United States as well.”
The United States will continue to work toward facilitating technology sharing with India to a level commensurate with that of its closest allies and partners.
BRICS Consultations of Middle East Envoys 95.
As I gazed at it, the Queen encouraged me to touch it.
The number of CNG refuelling stations also increased from 950 to 1500 in the same period.”
b)Collaboration in training programmes, exchange of experts, technical exchanges and outreach activities;
• Supporting the multistakeholder model of Internet governance;
To stop this, SEBI has to be extremely vigilant.
May they recover quickly”, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister exhorted the officials to work with a comprehensive and holistic vision for PMKSY.
His Excellency Mr. Ranil Wickremesinghe, Prime Minister of Sri Lanka
He said India is on track to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals.
He complimented the Indian Community for retaining its sense of Indian-ness, as reflected in the cultural performances on this occasion.
Anyway, the good news of their safe exit spread a sigh of relief, a sense of inner calm.
And when I have got the good opportunity to bow down to this holy Simaria Bank from this platform then I respectfully bow down to it.
iii. To enable these institutions to grant degrees to their students in the academic courses conducted by them.
The proposal will enhance trade and economic relations among the BRICS countries.
The Assamese and Manipuri language versions of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s Official website , www.pmindia.gov.in were launched today.
SENIOR OFFICIAL AND SECTORAL MEETINGS:
They’ve expressed their concern on the availability of water for birds & animals.
Yoga is another ancient Indian innovation.
PM MODI: Look there are different types of forces operating in Pakistan.
Similarly, we have helped set up computer and science labs in plantation schools.
Let there be many obstacles.
We call upon all nations to adopt a comprehensive approach in combating terrorism, which should include countering radicalisation, recruitment, travel of Foreign Terrorist Fighters, blocking sources and channels of terrorist financing including, for instance, through organised crime by means of money-laundering, supply of weapons, drug trafficking and other criminal activities, dismantling terrorist bases, and countering misuse of the Internet by terrorist entities through misuse of the latest Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs).
· 500 Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Kendras, which will provide skill training free of cost to be opened this year, to impart training to India’s aspiring youth.
2. I am speaking to you at a time when the global economy continues to be weak.
3. Your money will remain yours.
Initiatives related to doubling the farmer’s income will also be discussed.
The policy emphasizes reorienting and strengthening the Public Health Institutions across the country, so as to provide universal access to free drugs, diagnostics and other essential healthcare.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for continuance of the 8 existing schemes of the Ministry of Home Affairs up to March 2020 for relief and rehabilitation of migrants and repatriates under the Umbrella scheme “Relief and Rehabilitation of Migrants and Repatriates”.
This is expected to benefit public and private exploration agencies.
Perhaps it is because of the high ideals of those founding pioneers, that so many newspapers established in the days of the British Raj, continue to flourish today.
He said the proposed pipeline will further energize, not just Bangladesh’s economy, but also the relationship between the two countries.
The working-class women in our country – their numbers are increasing day by day, their participation is increasing and this is a welcome trend.
India has jumped 42 places in three years to enter the top hundred in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Report 2018.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working tirelessly to fulfil the aspirations of the people.
Once completed, the Statue of Unity will be the highest statue in the world.
The Birsamunda Museum of Jharkhand is one such example.
Mahatma Gandhi’s philosophy has inspired the whole world.
The second Swachh Shakti event, Swachh Shakti-2018 was held at Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh.
We have a million problems but we have a billion people who can solve them
Arrears on account of revised salaries, gratuity, pension and family pension w.e.f 01.01.2016 will be paid as one time lump sum payment.
Technological progress had accelerated manifold.
It addresses health security and make in India for drugs and devices.
In that context, we commit to strengthening international cooperation within the context of the BRICS Working Group on Anticorruption Cooperation.
He said that India is moving from Power Shortage toPower Surplus, and from Network Failure toNet Exporter.
The essential features of the Air Services Agreement are as follows:
He laid the Foundation Stones for a greenfield airport for Rajkot; six-laning of Ahmedabad-Rajkot National Highway; and four-laning of Rajkot-Morbi State Highway.
He will address three public meetings in the course of the day.
The Prime Minister concluded with the following resolve to overcome corruption, give the poor their rights, give youth self-employment, end malnutrition, end barriers to women empowerment, and end illiteracy:
Some of them are already active in India.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone for construction of Transit accomodation for Kashmiri migrant employees in Kashmir valley.
Erected on the banks of river Narmada in Gujarat, the structure is twice the height of the Statue of Liberty.
The Prime Minister said that the soldiers have been the first line of defence, both against enemies, and against natural disasters.
With GST, we are moving towards a modern tax regime, which is transparent, stable and predictable.
Thank you very much
PM inaugurates Phase-II of the Rashtrapati Bhavan Museum
The students showed keen interest in Digital India.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisions water for every farm.
From there where has Gujarat now come to!
Simple anecdotes, simple messages – told simply.
Demonetization was a firm and landmark step to wipe out the black money and corruption from our systems.
This event is in keeping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s vision of Transforming India by 2022.
Indeed, one of our shared values is respect for mother earth.
In recent decades, our shared and strong desire for the progress and prosperity of our peoples has shaped our ties.
FAO’s programme for rural poverty reduction supports governments and national stakeholders in overcoming the hurdles laced by the rural poor and by aligning agricultural sector and food security policies with broader rural development objectives.
“A major milestone for our space programme, which will transform the lives of crores of Indians by connecting remote areas!
PM said that his Government would give full security to the Kashmiri migrants who want to come back and lead life here.
It leads to transparency and accountability in the governance and fosters equitable growth.
Her dedication towards weightlifting is truly admirable.”
The second project to be dedicated to the nation is the 135 km long Eastern Peripheral Expressway (EPE), stretching from Kundli on NH 1 to Palwal on NH 2.
It will facilitate EXIM and Domestic cargo including Private Freight Traffic.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding between Department of Space / Indian Space Research Organization (DOS/ISRO) and Canadian Space Agency (CSA) on cooperation in the field of outer space.
On the occasion of Vishwakarma Jayanti, he said that he salutes all those who are working to build the nation.
He will later address the gathering at the venue
The Prime Minister said that Prof. Swaminathan’s speciality is that his work has been grounded in practical reality.
I am sure you distinctly remember that for the last many months, a naval team comprising six women Commanders was on a voyage.
This Project will bring about substantial economies of scale and maximise cost and time efficiencies by adopting fleet mode for execution.
The Prime Minister said that the effort is now to blend modernity and technology, with faith, spirituality, and cultural consciousness, at the Kumbh Mela.
It is considered an occasion to worship Vidya, knowledge.
Religious activities will be organised throughout the country.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, India and the Federal Ministry of Transport, Innovation and Technology, Austria on Technology Cooperation in the Road Infrastructure Sector.
” Delighted to know that in a span of 10 days there have been over 10 million downloads of the BHIM App.
Thanking you all.
We will have to exhibit the same resolve from now on in the 70th year of independence to 2022, the 75th year of independence.
Thank you for this honour, this affection and this friendship.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi made an announcement at the inaugural function of the National Museum of Indian Cinema at Mumbai on 19th January 2019 to tackle the menace of camcording and piracy.
Speaking on law and order, the Prime Minister emphasized that both the Union and the State Governments in India cannot ignore what is happening across the world today.
They may write to the government; associations may discuss these issues and submit their memoranda to the government.
Society and the family need to pay attention towards this crisis.
We cannot evaluate the Champaran Satyagraha on the basis of the image of Mahatma Gandhi that we cherish in our hearts today.
Pune Metropolitan Area includes Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC).
The identified areas of cooperation among others, include high speed corridors, speed raising of existing routes, development of world class stations, heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure, etc.
So here is a technique I have developed for myself.
· Better quality of life;
Asset acquisitions of raw materials & 8.
It will also facilitate knowledge sharing and knowledge generation among scientists, researchers and industry in the two countries.
Have you ever visited Israel?
I assure traders that we are not orthodox and conservative.
He is among the best orators our nation has produced, the Prime Minister added.
An effort is being made to provide quality education.
*Dedication to the nation of Annexe of Guru Gobind Singh Hospital :
This Kanjur was revised, edited and xylographed from 1908 to 1920 under the patronage of the last Jibcundampa of Mongolia.
Our cultural, religious and linguistic inter-mingling from the past has carried into the warmth and friendship that characterizes our people-to-people linkages today.
Most prominently, in the connect between Buddhism and the monuments of the Hindu Cham civilization.
Today’s dawn has brought a new spirit, a new enthusiasm, a new zeal and a new energy with it.
Yoga helps to maintain balance amidst this disintegration.
The Prime Minister described the Indian Parliamentary elections as a “Kumbh of Democracy.”
The font size, simple language and easy to understand narrative made Dina Thanthi popular among the people.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate the new Headquarters building of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), at Tilak Marg in New Delhi on July 12, 2018.
The CISF came into existence through the CISF Act 1968 amended in 1983 declaring the Force as Armed Force of the Union.
Such products, shall, of course, find resonance across the world.
Just imagine, these luminaries gave us such a comprehensive and detailed Constitution within a period of just less than 3 years.
I leave it to you to judge the implications of these details.
Our decision to establish a bilateral Technology Innovation Fund worth US$ 40 million for research in industrial development will help us in achieving this goal.
The basic point is that we cannot be world leaders without first connecting strongly with the client.
These festivals, from the point of view of organization, event management and people’s participation, set new and high standards.
I once again congratulate you all from the core of my heart and my best wishes are with you.
The queues of the trucks on the borders now no longer exist.
He did not believe in any kind of discrimination.
Your Excellency President Michel Temer, Members of the media, Friends,
Often the same mistakes are repeated.
Women achievers of our country… the first female Merchant Navy Captain, the first female passenger train driver, the first female fire fighter, the first female Bus Driver, the first woman to set foot on Antarctica, the first woman to reach Mount Everest… ‘First Ladies’ in every field.
Shri Modi highlighted his meeting with António Guterres, who was also the former Prime Minister of Portugal.
‘Ve Raheem nar dhanya hain,
In this context, he noted the success that was achieved when this CSR spend was utilized for toilet construction in schools.
Prime Minister Modi expressed appreciation to the Qatar Museums for its decision to celebrate Qatar-India Year of Culture in 2019.
He also distributed laptops, certificates and cheques etc. to beneficiaries under various schemes.
The increase in expenditure due to escalation in both time and cost overrun is Rs. 7910 crore.
BHIM app has proved to be a boon for the poor, the Dalit, the backward and the exploited people.
He called for a report on the condition of rural roads in the Islands within two weeks, and said that once the report has been examined, the Union Government will give whatever assistance is possible.
Currently, India is ranked 130th out of 190 economies (as per Doing Business Report, 2017).
KEY INITIATIVES DURING INDIA’S BRICS CHAIRMANSHIP
Talking of recent policy initiatives and legislative measures, the Prime Minister said the vision for developing India’s maritime potential, and indeed for Inland Waterways, was first conceived by Dr. Ambedkar.
He also travelled briefly on the metro train, before arriving at the venue for the public meeting.
And, they are increasingly also becoming part/ of the global supply chains.
The existing pension scheme for Central freedom fighter pensioners and their eligible dependents has been restructured as follows:-
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings on World Radio Day to all the radio lovers and to those working in the radio industry.
Till now the stress has been on how many are attending school.
They also commended the increased engagement on trade and investment issues under the Trade Policy Forum (TPF) and encouraged substantive results for the next TPF later this year.
India has always stood for the prosperity of Bangladesh and its people.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of preserving the “spirit” in the cooperative movement, which he said is still largely intact in the rural areas.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
I have full faith that now we have begun a coordinated effort for the NSG membership too.
How many new jobs can you create?
Appreciating the various initiatives taken by Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, the Prime Minister said that the Union Government has worked to augment the speed, scale, and quality of living, keeping the spirit of those initiatives intact.
The function will be held in the afternoon at Ring Road Tiraha, Hardua, Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh.
Guru Nanak Devji’s teachings of love, peace, equality and brotherhood have eternal value.
Let us join this festival of integrity and credibility
The activities of AMF TCP relate to R&D, deployment and dissemination of Advanced Motor Fuels and looks upon the transport fuel issues in a systemic way taking into account the production, distribution and end use related aspects.
•Successful models of agricultural marketing,
The Swachh Bharat Mission is a public movement for cleanliness.
He shall unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of Pakyong Airport.
He appreciated the initiatives taken by the people and the State Government of Uttar Pradesh for tourism, and under the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
This is over and above any assistance announced by the Railways.
Every daughter started regaining her own self confidence & self esteem.
Now we are saying that by 2022 we want to ensure that everyone has a house.
One of the things I wanted to do in London was to pay homage to Bhagwan Basaveshwara
With this new spirit, with this new resolve, with this new aspiration, all of us should collectively move forward with a solemn pledge to make a New India.
He said “My thoughts are with the bereaved families.
Everybody wants to understand and learn from each other.
President Kenyatta and the people of Kenya received me with great warmth and genuine affection.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and the State Secretariat for Education, Research and Innovation of the Swiss Confederation for cooperation in skill development.
Both countries are committed to working together and with others to promote full implementation of the Paris Agreement to address the urgent threats posed by climate change.
The Prime Minister said a transformation in the ports and logistics sectors can contribute immensely to India’s growth.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated and laid the Foundation Stone for several development projects at Silvassa in Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
54. Let us lead from front, promote digital economy and adopt the Bhim App.
I also congratulate all those Ministries of the Government of India and also those ministers who turned this vision into reality.
Some of the major decisions taken at the meeting included the following:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Car Nicobar today.
If you revise the questions you find difficult, you will find that they are fresh in your head and when you are writing the exam, you will be able to deal with them much better.
2. Improvement in key health indicators like Neo-natal Mortality Rate (NMR), Infant Mortality Rate (IMR), Under-Five Mortality Rate (U5MR), Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) and Total Fertility Rate (TFR).
Consequently, Chaulai which the farmers were forced to sell at Rs. 25 per Kg was now selling at Rs. 50 per Kg as biscuits.
The pledge of our partnership and strength of our friendship with Afghanistan is unwavering .
We will support the advancement of a positive unifying global agenda, effectively engage in international efforts to strengthen peace and ensure global and regional stability and security, confront challenges and threats, and actively promote just and coordinated approaches to crisis resolution.
The doctor is very much aware that if someone is sick, he can make more money, but he still endorses healthy practices and habits among the people.
The MoU broadly focuses on capacity building and exchange of best practices in the area of skill development.
CPCB shall also take action jointly with NMCG under the provisions of said Act.
In recent times, we have deepened our engagement across the full spectrum of our ties, and laid emphasis on deepening mutual trust and confidence, and expansion of people-to-people ties.
Responding to observations made by the officers, the Prime Minister emphasized that officers must not restrict themselves to files, but go to the field, to understand the true impact of decision-making.
Above all let us thank him for being the great Cho Ramaswamy – the one and only Cho.
The Prime Minister watched the Ramleela organized by the Lav-Kush Ramleela committee.
He said that good connectivity in the North-East will also link the region with the economy of South-East Asia.
The Prime Minister said that India is a country of 130 crore aspirations and there can never be a singular vision for development and progress.
Pongal is the festival of thankfulness – thanking the sun god, thanking the animals that help in agriculture and thanking nature for providing the natural resources that sustain us.
So it was necessary for me to find a solution to this.
He outlined how India is working towards doubling farmers’ incomes by 2022.
These realities of our nation did not let me sleep.
The Prime Minister will distribute the Swachh Kumbh Swachh Aabhaar awards to Safai Karmacharis, Swachhagrahis, Police Personnel and Naviks.There will also be the digital announcement of Swachh Seva Samman Benefits package.
We are exploring the setting up of a technology demonstration Centre in India to showcase Belarusian technology.
It was analyzed by every segment of society.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for leasing out 1.61 acres of land bearing khasara No.91/15 located at Alipur Delhi, owned by Delhi Milk Scheme to Small Farmers Agribusiness Consortium (SFAC) for setting up of KisanMandi.
Wooden foot wear or padukas of great saints like Saint Gyaneshwar and Saint Tukaram are placed in a palki and pilgrims begin their pilgrimage chanting “Vitthal-Vitthal”.
The food production in the country today has reached an all-time high; there has been a record production of mobile phones; the sale of tractors has touched a new high.
45. More than 8 crore youth have received loans without any guarantee.
The CBN shall upload the details of sales contract so registered by it on the online system.
The friendship between India and Sri Lanka was etched in time by the “Great Master”.
I am just like you all, a common citizen of India.
“My heartiest congratulations to ISRO and its scientists on the successful launch of PSLV today.
People who sit in the Rajya Sabha must understand this.
Precisely for this reason, if we consider 2013 as the base year and take into consideration the work that has been done in the last four years, you will be surprised to see the speed at which the country is moving and the pace at which the progress is being made.
“The girl child has left a mark in every area, from studies to sports.
This project will boost eco-tourism, and provide a source of assured drinking water supply.
One ton of such waste has the potential to provide around 20% of drop in fuels.
And that day I experienced how Aji compels a person and as Vijay Bhai just said this is the 11th time in the past 40 years when the water level in the Aji Dam has become full to the brim.
In few cases, the onus of demonstrating the correctness-of the same shall be on the bidder when asked to do so.
Let this day be the beginning of a year of greater achievements in your and our nation’s life.
He said that as new laws are made, old ones should be reviewed and weeded out if found unnecessary.
BRICS Youth Summit (1-3 July 2016, Guwahati) We further took note of the upcoming events under India’s BRICS Chairpersonship.
Work Plan on Cooperation between the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers’ Welfare of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Production and Labour of the Argentine Republic within the MoU signed in 2010.
• The Leaders committed to build upon the close historical and cultural links between the two peoples through promotion of art, literature, music, dance, and archaelogy under the Cultural Exchange Programme 2015-2018.
Since his tenure began Rashtrapati ji has endeared himself to the people of India through his simple & compassionate nature.
It will strengthen bilateral ties between India and Australia.
Mr. Devendra Karki, Secretary, Ministry of Physical Infrastructure and Transport
I would also visit some places of worship that have civilizational linkages with India.
3. Encourage collaboration of entrepreneurship/ startup talent between Singapore and India in FinTech, consistent with the relevant policies of both countries.
We will also ensure continued application to the UK of EU-India Agreements during the Implementation Period following the UK’s departure from the EU, and put in place arrangements to replicate relevant EU-India agreements beyond this period.
We will not only further strengthen our bilateral cooperation on this issue, but will also increase our cooperation and coordination in multilateral fora.
About 1178 species of medicinal plants are estimated to be in trade of which 242 species have annual consumption levels in excess of 100 metric tonnes/year.
Friends from the Media,
5. Prime Minister of India and President of Maldives held Official talks on 17 December 2018 in an extremely warm, cordial and friendly atmosphere reflective of the special relationship between the two countries.
Prime Minister also appreciated UK’s consistent support to India in various global fora.
Both Sides resolved to work closely to ensure peace, security and equitable development both regionally and globally and to coordinate their efforts to address challenges to the stability of the world order.
The decision is expected to promote the country’s international exports, and deepen political and financial ties between India and Korea.
While new laws have been formulated, older laws have been made more stringent now.
He recalled the sacrifices of the brave police personnel who fought valiantly at Hot Springs, Ladakh and paid respects to their family and loved ones.
In this context, the leaders underscored the significance of the Amritsar Ministerial Conference of the Heart of Asia-Istanbul Process (HoA) on the forthcoming 4 December, as well as the Brussels Conference on 5 October.
The aim and objective of this MOU is to promote bilateral cooperation in the fields of applied science and industrial technologies for the purposes of promoting sustainable development and enhanced quality of life.
And, we are not alone.
This is the equivalent of EURO six standards.
As a result of the rains, the cool breeze has brought about some respite from the oppressive heat of past few days.
Speaking on development themes, he said that every Indian must have access to housing facilities.
He presented the President’s Police Medals for distinguished service to officers of the Intelligence Bureau.
Once again, I invite students & young people, boys & girls to avail of the benefits of the internship.
• India-Myanmar-Thailand Trilateral Highway;
India, with its leadership in Information Technology domain, would strive to use this technology tilt to its advantage.
Besides, the States shall also be represented in the Governing Board on rotational basis.
The Prime Minister also recalled Sardar Patel’s vision of the administrative services as a steel frame.
The two sides agreed to work together towards the adoption of India’s proposed Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism in the United Nations.
Third, it is the joint responsibility of the state and Central governments.
Government of the Kingdom of Cambodia
The MoU provides for cooperation in areas of agricultural crops (especially wheat and maize), agricultural biotechnology, nanotechnology, irrigation and water management technology including water harvesting and micro-irrigation technology, management of agriculture wastes management for energy production; food security, safety and quality; horticulture; organic agriculture; livestock husbandry, livestock breeding, dairying, fisheries, feed and fodder production; animal products and value addition; sanitary and phyto-sanitary issues concerning trade in plant and animal products; agriculture machinery in small scale; agri-business and marketing; pre and post-harvest procedures; food technology and processing; integrated pest management in agriculture; agricultural extension and rural development; agricultural trade & investment; intellectual property rights issues; technical know-how and human resources in seed sector; infrastructure development and capacity building in agriculture & allied sectors and other related areas of interest that are mutually agreed upon by both Parties.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated a newly constructed market yard of APMC, at Amreli.
Whenever we get a chance or whenever there is an opportunity we must try to know the experiences of our soldiers and listen to their tales of valour.
He said the Ashram being inaugurated today would benefit the pilgrims coming to Haridwar.
My special thanks to the Governor and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya for hosting this meeting.
The best of global science is helping us unravel creation’s mysteries and develop cutting-edge technologies.
Major features of the Agreement include:
I extend my heartiest congratulations to him and his coach for this victory.
To honour and deepen our links of Buddhist heritage, I have the great pleasure to announce that from August this year,Air India will operate direct flights between Colombo and Varanasi.
Just before examinations, letter pour in, touching on the anxieties of our young student friends who are about to appear.
With a size of 2.8 trillion US Dollars, it is the seventh largest in the world.
His greatest achievement is that he made Thuglak a weapon against all divisive forces.
The Cabinet decision provides for a scheme to rebate all embedded State and Central Taxes/levies for apparel and made-ups which have a combined share of around 56% in India’s textile export basket.
After doing nothing for farmers, they will come at the end and say- we will waive off your loans.
Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh have been included as part of category II routes.
Today, 31st meeting of the Central Hindi Committee was held in New Delhi under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi.
The MoU was signed on 17thFebruary, 2018 during the visit of the President of Iran.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian Armed Forces draw admiration and appreciation across the world, in UN peacekeeping operations.
President Museveni praised the contribution of the 30,000-strong Indian Diaspora towards Uganda’s national development and economic growth.
He said collectors are fortunate, because they have been given the opportunity to dedicate themselves to the nation.
Government of India has started programs like Startup India, Standup India so that the youth can realize their dreams.
Chief Minister of West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee also participated from Kolkata in the video-conference.
It beseems to call you the sages of economic world.
I hail from Gujarat.
i) To promote safe & honourable and sustainable tourism.
During 2016-17, 99 ongoing projects under PMKSY- AIBP were identified for completion in phases by December-2019.
Ministerial decisions taken during the Conference include a Work Programme on disciplines on Fisheries Subsidies with a view to arriving at a decision by the Twelfth Ministerial Conference of the WTO, in 2019.
Shri Tridandi Srimannarayana Ramanuja Chinna Jeeyar Swamiji called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, today.
Connectivity is crucial for the success of bilateral development partnership, sub-regional economic projects and for the larger regional economic prosperity.
Under the agreement, the designated airlines of the two countries shall have fair and equal opportunity to operate the agreed services on specified routes.
Note: In addition to the above, the Saudi side has signed the Framework Agreement on the International Solar Alliance (ISA)
Conflicting norms between schemes, poor monitoring mechanisms, varying assessment and certification systems and the absence of a coherent vision of success, limited the effectiveness of these initiatives.
This is a welcome break from my usual routine of old files and cold Delhi.
Scaled up cooperation in skill development and exchange of best practices will be a valuable instrument.
The budget has provisions to fulfill the expectations of everyone- from construction of highways to expansion of I-ways, from the cost of pulses to the data speed, from the modernization of railways to simple economic constructions, from education to health, from entrepreneurs to industry, from textile manufacturers to tax deduction.
The beneficiaries include the officials from Central Government Ministries / Departments and State Governments through sharing of best practises, capacity building etc.
From cause-lists to case-laws, the lawyer’s library is now just a click away on your mobile phone.
Our merchants have traded since early nineteenth century.
It gives me great pleasure to welcome to India a dear friend, His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan.
“Deeply pained by the bus accident in Karnataka’s Mandya.
38. The two sides discussed regional and international issues of mutual interest, including the security situation in West Asia and Middle East, in the light of their common interest in the regional and global peace, security and stability.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee, the then Prime Minister of India, in December 2003.
The provisions of the MoU clearly indicate its objectives as cooperation in thenature of successful sharing of policy measures; exchange programmes; consultations; expert meetings and conference etc. in the social and labour sphere.
If something happens to a patient in a hospital and the hospital is burnt down; some accident happens and the vehicles are burnt down; people launch a movement and the public property is burnt down; is it for a free India?
The Prime Minister thanked the Governors for the various inputs given during the course of the Conference.
This will mark the third anniversary of three key Government initiatives related to Urban Development.
Record allocation –the highest ever has been made for Mahatma Gandhi National Guarantee Scheme.
These would include working in the fields of Electronics, Information Technology, Cyber Security, Space exploration, Civil Nuclear Energy, and others areas.
The entire area has been landscaped beautifully to reflect the peace and harmony aspect of Dr Kalam’s personality.
Cyber Security was one of the agenda items for discussion during Hon’ble Prime Minister’s visit to UK in November, 2015.
Saddened by his demise.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the agreement on Audio Visual Co-Production India and Bangladesh.
We have invested lot of funds for building the infrastructure – from modernization of the railway station in a small town, to build an Airport, to expand water-ways or roadways, to form a gas-grid or a water-grid or to lay down an optical fibre network.
Both the countries desire to further strengthen cooperation in fighting international criminality and serious organized crime.
On the blessed day of Vesak, let us light the lamps of knowledge to move out of darkness; let us look more within; and let us uphold nothing else but the truth.
Areas that would not just propel and modernize our economies, but, also create jobs for our skilled youth.
He said the Bansagar project had been first conceptualized about four decades ago, and the Foundation Stone was laid in 1978, but the project was unduly delayed.
Over the last three years, we have worked very hard on the front of Ease of Doing Business.
This would also enable greater regional economic prosperity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors including roads, railways, airports, ports, digital, and coal.
These works may seem small but have a very deep impact in changing our thinking and in giving a new direction to the society.
I also compliment them for the theme of this year’s report – ‘Reforming to create jobs’.
They go out of their houses in the dark before the sunrise and come back after relieving themselves before the sun rises.
Exchanged on Indian side by
Let us turn, for a while, to the big picture.
Also, his mantra “Swaraj, that is, freedom is my birthright” should have the main focus thereby strengthening the freedom movement.
At Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul’s ultra-modern Chocolate Plant.
So much of our land has been damaged.
He also interacted with beneficiaries from various districts in Maharashtra like Satara, Latur, Nandurbar, Amaravati, Thane, Solapur, Nagpur through video conference.
He will also visit Agra.
This will improve productivity and output.
Due to such favouritism, our banking system witnessed many problems.
The Prime Minister said that his Government’s drive against corruption and middlemen will continue unabated despite the diatribes against him.
The Saubhagya scheme is going to end this inequality that was prevailing since the past 70 years.
As with Uganda, we have deepened our partnership and engagement across the vast expanse of Africa.
Whether it is our oceans or borders, cyber world or space for all kind of security India is capable to defeat all such inimical forces.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has also been described as a social document.
So we will together build such an India where the poor will have Pucca House with electricity and water.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today dedicated the world’s tallest statue, the ‘Statue of Unity’, to the nation.
We have many dreams.
BHIM App has made transactions faster & easier, thus making it popular among the youth.
The post will be immediately filled up following due procedures.
The PM visited the various pavilions and evinced keen interest in the stalls of ISRO, DRDO, Khadi etc. among others bringing to the fore his vision of Make in dia with an apt tagline- From Charkha to Chandrayaan.
This aims to further Government’s efforts at revamping of Public Administration system, Public Grievance Redress Mechanism, ushering in e-Governance, Digital India, etc., more so in the context of the goal of ‘Minimum Government with Maximum Governance’ through e-Governance based Citizen Centric End-to-End On-line Services.
When a country that is capable of reaching Mars within 9 months, how is it possible that it is not able to lay 70-72 Kilometres railway lines for 42 long years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of a joint issue of postage stamps between Department of Posts and Portugal Post.
He described the introduction of the e-Visa as a game changer for Indian Tourism which is now available to nationals of 166 countries.
Law is violated by those who have higher approach.
We will draw the best from the wisdom and knowledge of eminent persons, who changed, or influenced change in the lives of many, to make their nation a better place in the planet.
The MoU was signed during the State Visit of King Philippe of the Belgium to India on November 7, 2017.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will dedicate the National War Memorial to the nation in a solemn ceremonial function tomorrow on February 25th.
In the Monsoon session, this time, everyone jointly presented an ideal approach.
Among the projects inaugurated are the Varanasi City Gas Distribution Project, and the Varanasi-Ballia MEMU train.
Loans to the small business man or woman and to the Krishak have become cheaper as SBI offers the lowest lending rates.
We will discuss ways to enhance bilateral engagement, especially in the economic sphere, and cooperation on international issues of common concern, particularly in combating terrorism.
In his message, the President has said, “Please accept my warm greetings and good wishes on your birthday.
We direct that steps be taken for early operationalization of the BIMSTEC Energy Centre.
He was known for his simplicity and warm-hearted nature.
There is an effort to bring in change in every area.
This Budget is a reflection of the development measures undertaken by the Government over the past two and a half years and the vision to carry forward the momentum in this direction.
The Prime Minister reiterated that all systems should be made technology-driven, and human interface should be reduced to the minimum.
World Environment Day seeks to address a very significant challenge this year.
The Prime Minister said that Chief Ministers of States had played a key role in policy formulation, through sub-groups and committees on issues such as Swachh Bharat Mission, Digital Transactions, and Skill Development.
51. Both sides committed themselves to promoting reformed multilateralism through enhanced cooperation at multilateral fora and in international organisations, including in UN, G-20, WTO, etc.
This has also forced the economists of the country to think differently.
People were desperate for electricity.
You all are welcome to the Winter Session.
Touching upon India-Russia relations, the Prime Minister said they are moving forward with good momentum.
We have today an annual GDP growth rate of 7 per cent, he added.
Our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
It is indeed surprising today, when we hear that children are suffering from diabetes.
The setting up of RashtriyaKamdhenuAayogwill lead to conservation, protection and development of cattle population in the country including development and conservation of indigenous breeds.
We need to run a lot to match that level.
Government is only an enabler in converting that belief into a reality.
BRICS Water Forum (29-30 September 2016, Moscow) 74.
We recognize that only a healthy nation can lead the process of development.
The best practices presented by the Chief Secretaries included themes such as rural development, skill development, crop insurance, health insurance, tertiary healthcare, welfare of divyang children, reducing infant mortality, tribal welfare, solid waste management, sanitation, drinking water, river conservation, water management, e-governance, pension reform, emergency services, development of mineral-rich areas, PDS reform, Direct Benefit Transfer of subsidy; solar energy, cluster development, good governance and ease of doing business.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness in hosting them and thanked them for giving him an opportunity to interact with them.
This will be the first visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Spain in almost three decades.
He said 12 new airports are being constructed in eastern India.
He recalled that former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, had a special bond with the State.
India welcomes EU’s intention to expeditiously initiate the process of recognising additional seed varieties of Basmati rice under Article 28 of the GATTS 1994 for duty derogation, as already requested by India.
Cooperation to understand how traditional knowledge is protected; and the exchange of best practices, including traditional knowledge related data bases and awareness raising of existing IP systems;
So I had then said that becoming the Prime Minister was not about the designation of the office but it was about the responsibilities and work of being a PM.
Speaking on the occasion, at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi, the Prime Minister appreciated Swami Paramahansa Yogananda, and said that the path shown by him is not about Mukti, but about ‘Antaryatra.’
The proposal seeks to provide technical support to the Ministry of Panchayati Raj in strengthening capacities of governance institutions including Panchayati Raj Institutions(PRIs) to better leverage opportunities created for gender equality through legislation, policies and programmes.
The Commission has requisitioned data from 197 Higher Education Institutions regarding admission of OBCs to higher education courses during the last three years and has also sought data regarding recruitment of OBC persons in Government jobs during the last three years in Government Departments, Public Sector Banks and Financial Institutions as well as in the CPSEs, with a view to determine the inequitable distribution of benefits of reservation among the castes/communities included in the Centre List of Other Backward Classes.
Swachh Bharat Mission, therefore, now includes the Project “Swachh Iconic Places” to address this issue.
This leads to a situation, where the students instead of feeling inspired feel tremendously down.
(ii) The existing Dearness Relief system based on All India Consumer Price Index for Industrial workers, which was so far applicable to freedom fighter pensioners on annual basis, is being discontinued and replaced by the Dearness Allowance system applicable to Central Government employees twice a year.
They have evoked a new inspiration and a new awakening among millions of our countrymen.
PM will unveil several development projects at Perumanallur village in Tiruppur in Tamil Nadu.
The chaos is shown on the T.V. for a few minutes or an hour or for the entire day.
ARNAB: I am very grateful and our viewers will be very grateful also Mr Modi because they want to hear your views on a range of subjects.
There are five corridors, two on Western Railway, two on Central Railway and one on Harbour Line of Central Railway.
This will be a big service to humanity.
Now the identity of the awardee is not the deciding factor of the award, rather the importance of his work is increasing.
He said our land has been blessed with great individuals who have transformed our society.
The vitality of people-to-people contacts amongst the BRICS countries has been a point of emphasis for us.
These guidelines will replace the guidelines issued by DPE in September, 2016.
He popularized India’s music traditions globally.
Leaving out things that are beyond the constraints of time and accepting betterment in things wherever necessary.
The MoU was signed on 6th September, 2017.
However, no recovery shall be made for the excess pay drawn from 01.01,1997onwards considering the difficulties in effecting recovery and also considering thatsuch a recovery may de-motivate the staff.
Our two countries have similar aspirations and challenges.
Hope that behavioural change can be ensured.
In this context, I offer my heartiest salutations to my dear countrymen for one very remarkable thing.
Officials stated that out of 99 priority irrigation projects, 21 projects, with a total irrigation potential of 5.22 lakh hectares are likely to be completed by June 2017.
A Contempt petition has been filed in the High Courts of Meghalaya and Uttarakhand.
Now is the time for skill development.As the Swahili proverb goes: “Elimubilaamali, kamantabilaasali” (Means: Knowledge without practice is like wax without honey).Kenya and India have always worked for world peace.
At the outset, I express my condolences and sympathies to the families of all those, who have lost their loved ones, or faced immense hardship in the recent incidents of heavy rain and floods in Chennai and other parts of Tamil Nadu.
Cabinet approves redevelopment of seven GPRA colonies in Delhi
I congratulate and felicitate the young heroes and their families who were honoured with various gallantry awards on the eve of this Republic Day.
In our country, respect for women, their status in society and their contribution has proved to be awe inspiring to the entire world, since ancient times.
Speaking on the economy, the Prime Minister said that the world expects India to become a five trillion dollar economy soon.
As per information provided by RBI, during the period between July, 2014 and May, 2018, 978 cases of unauthorized schemes were discussed in State Level Coordination Committee (SLCC) meetings in various States/UTs and were given to the respective regulators/law enforcement agencies in the states.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has approved the protocol amending the agreement between India and Tajikistan for avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
The Prime Minister expressed his grief and sorrow on the unfortunate deaths and damage caused to lives and property due to floods.
You might recall, never before middle class was granted relief for construction of houses.
Inclusion of ‘Nocte’, “Tangsa’, Tutsa’, ‘Wancho’ in lieu of ‘Any Naga Tribes’ in serial No. 10 in list of Scheduled Tribes of Arunachal Pradesh.
The PDP-BJP government led by Ms. Mehbooba Mufti is making best efforts to address the State’s problems.
The Prime Minister recalled their earlier meeting in Hanoi during his visit to Vietnam in September 2016.
He also organized the staging of a play on Chhatrapati Shivaji, “Janata Raja” which has been staged 1000 times, including a performance at Wembley, London.
The group says they have driven over 10,000 km, covering 13 States/UTs, and interacted with people on social themes, such as Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao; and Swachh Bharat.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for transfer two acres of land from the Indian Agricultural Research Institute (IARI), New Delhi to the Veterinary Council of India (VCI) on lease basis for a period of 99 years at a total lease rent of Rs.8,01,278/- @ Rs. 1 per sq. meter per year.
Ladies and Gentlemen:
52. We emphasise the important role of United Nations peacekeeping to international peace and security, and the contribution of BRICS countries in this regard.
Preparations for Chhath Puja are also underway.
During my visit, I will meet President Zuma.
And shared our own assessments of regional and global developments.
We are working together to create networks of knowledge centers, connectivity of minds and scientific corridors to augment innovation led technology development for societal development.
Highways have become clutter-free.
I wish you a comfortable journey and enjoyable stay in India..
It will coordinate all central efforts for the development of Industrial Corridor projects and will monitor their implementation.
They have shown how much, even people trapped in poverty, are willing to do, to build a glorious India.
(ix) Central Government shall have the power to remove the Presiding Officer or any member of the Adjudicatory Board from the office following the prescribed manner.
What Rajat ji has said is worth pondering over.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, beneficiaries explained how the LPG connection had reduced time spent on cooking, and enhanced the quality of life for the entire family.
The Prime Minister said that a strong forensic science setup, helps in ensuring civic safety, and curbing crime, much the same way as an efficient police force and an effective judiciary.
H.E. President Mohammad Ashraf Ghani Foreign Minister Excellency Rabbani And my dear Afghan friends, sisters and brothers
The nation has come together to support GST & the role of technology has also helped.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the Foundation Stone of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) at Bathinda in Punjab.
In addition, I hope to get insights into Israel’s accomplishments in technology and innovation through on-site visits.
We are one of the most open countries for Foreign Direct Investment today.
Officials expressed confidence that India is on track to comfortably achieve the Prime Minister’s target of 175 GigaWatts renewable energy capacity by 2022.
Last year, Indian companies made a positive beginning with three joint ventures in pharmaceuticals.
The 182 metre statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, was dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary, at Kevadiya in Narmada District of Gujarat.
It will benefit both countries.
He did notable work to popularise football in India.
We are using Space Technology to improve delivery and accountability of government services.
We have set a goal in India that by 2030 at least 30% of our vehicles will run with electrical batteries.
The country was facing total policy paralysis.
But, in this new era, the new generation is coming forward in a new way with a fresh vigour and spirit to fulfill their new dream.
The MoU shall be valid for a period of five years.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated people of Chennai on inclusion of Chennai in UNESCO creative Cities Network.
He welcomed President Putin’s assertion yesterday that he will raise the matter at the United Nations.
Frank and fearless, forthright and farsighted, he made a valuable contribution to our country.
Laying of foundation stone of National Institute of Ayurveda, Panchkula
He said Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities are becoming growth engines, and enhanced aviation connectivity between them will be beneficial.
We also need to understand that we shouldn’t consider smaller countries insignificant.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) and Royal Civil Service Commission (RCSC), Bhutan.
Today, we are celebrating a festival of honesty and there is no place for dishonesty.
The recommendations of the Committee will provide a way forward for conferring ownership or transfer / mortgage rights to the people living in UCs in Delhi.
The leaders welcomed the successful convening of the Leaders’ Summit on UN Peacekeeping and committed to deepening engagement on UN peacekeeping capacity-building efforts in third countries, through co-organizing the first UN Peacekeeping Course for African Partners in New Delhi later this year for participants from ten countries in Africa.
Due to this, the confidence of the hardworking and honest person is increasing.
But, we must prepare ourselves fully and thoroughly.
We are also undertaking a joint study of a gas pipeline route between our two countries.
He said that a premium would be placed on honesty, and the interests of the honest would be protected.
The MoUs/ MoCs facilitate exchange of technical experts, reports and technical documents, training and seminars/ workshops focusing on specific technology areas and other interactions for knowledge sharing.
Good news becomes the greatest reason and inspiration to do something good.
The flag on the 150 feet high mast, is an attempt to preserve the memory of the day in 1943, when Netaji unfurled the tricolour.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condemned the attacks in London and has said that the attacks are shocking and anguishing.
He said this would go a long way towards ensuring wellness, and protecting the health of the poor.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have marked a golden period in relations between the two countries.
We seek rapid achievement of our developmental priorities, but in a manner that is environment friendly.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the inaugural session of the PIO-Parliamentarian Conference in New Delhi.
RBI, SEBI, IRDAI, and PFRDA etc.) under the respective Acts shall be solely exercised by the Authority in the IFSCs in so far as the regulation of financial products, financial services and FIs that are permitted in the IFSC are concerned.
All these reforms were implemented without halting work for the well-being of the larger sections of society.
The importance of a transparent and honest administration is now understood in the country.
2. Continue to exert efforts and cooperate towards the full, effective and timely implementation of the Plan of Action to Implement the ASEAN-India Partnership for Peace, Progress and Shared Prosperity (2016-2020).
Swami ji said “I am proud to belong to a religion which has taught the world both tolerance and universal acceptance.”
And when this consideration is put first, the results can be deeply rewarding.
The Prime Minister warmly recalled their long association, and congratulated Mr. Goh Chok Tong on assuming charge as the Chairman of the Governing Board of Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy earlier this year.
Thank you for your phone call.
Penal provisions have been made more stringent for storing/possessing any pornographic material in any form involving a child for commercial purpose.
He described this as a historic, and unprecedented achievement.
These are all women achievers.
In this very Kranti Mandir, a visual arts museum has been established.
a. Safety audit of Indian Railways and measures required for enhancing safety in train operation;
To begin with, heartiest congratulations on your victory in the elections, with a huge margin.
Festivals are of course symbols of faith and belief; in the New India, we should transform them into symbols of cleanliness as well.
We are with them in their struggles.
45. The leaders agreed to scale-up cooperation under the renewed India-EU Science and Technology Cooperation Agreement in frontier areas of science and technology and in addressing current global challenges in particular in the areas of health, water and clean energy.
He added that the program will enable our industry and research institutes to develop new products.
India needs energy which is accessibleand affordable to the poor.
1. Revision of pension of pre – 2016 pensioners and family pensioners
The freedom struggle which began in 1857, continued to be manifested in one or the other corner of the country till 1942.
He exhorted youngsters to devote time to games He exhorted amid their busy schedules.
India continues this valuable association in the ongoing restoration of Ta-Prohm temple.
Indeed, we have seen this process of introspection happen on some occasions, such as the analysis of the reportage of the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack.
He quoted Chanakya to say that hard work can overcome all obstacles and help us accomplish even the most difficult of objectives.
Electricity has reached all our rural areas.
The Prime Minister unveiled plaques to mark the laying of foundation stones for a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka; and other road development projects.
Technology has made it look like a miracle.
We are celebrating 10 years of our partnership under BRICS.
1. Achievement of targets set for the NHM in the continuation period.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the setting up of Medical College at Silvassa in the Union Territory (UT) of Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
We have taken several steps and I am sure that post GST, it will increase further and bring in transparency.
RMBA component being specific to activities in border areas with neighbouring countries and in accordance with bilateral mechanisms, the projects / works will continue to be funded as 100% grant-in-aid / central assistance.
In a series of tweets from his Twitter Account the Prime Minister said, “I am extremely honoured to be visiting Nagpur tomorrow, on the very special occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti
Referring to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, the Prime Minister said that its success is attributable in large measure, to the fact that women have given importance to it.
12. Specially crafted and differentia! strategies and interventions to achieve set goals.
The MoU will enable India to exchange experiences in the innovation and IP ecosystems that will substantially benefit entrepreneurs, investors and businesses on both sides.
My dear countrymen there are many among us who were born after independence.
“Ever since Assam has witnessed flooding, the Central Government has been closely and constantly monitoring the situation.
We have to be alive to this matter and these values can be instilled not by the law.
The motive behind this scheme is making healthcare affordable and encouraging Ease of Living.
He also distributed Aids and Assistive Devices to Divyangjans, and other benefits under existing Government schemes.
The coaches reflect the “Make in India” vision.
If we are able to fulfil the dreams we aspired for or to develop nation it is because of the sacrifices of our brave soldiers.”
This will ensure that our youth get high-end training exposure to the best of science and technology to make them job-ready in a competitive world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Captain Jai Narain Prasad Nishad.
• Steel Ministry will facilitate R&D in the sector through the establishment of Steel Research and Technology Mission of India (SRTMI).
I will join programmes in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
Excellency, India is the first country you have chosen for a bilateral visit outside Latin America since assuming your important new responsibility.
Economic growth will be incomplete without a social transformation.
How could we realize our resolves before 2022?
You must have seen for yourself that during the examinations also, you’re able to recall everything else – the book, the chapter, the page number, whether what you want is there on the top of the page or at its bottom, you can recall everything but not the particular word you want to.
Countries would be responsible for follow-up and review at the national level, with regard to the progress made in implementing the Goals and targets.
Just two days ago, ISRO launched 30 Nano satellites with the ‘Cartosat-2 Series Satellite.’
• Each new AIIMS will add around 750 hospital beds.
Technologies and products developed by Institutions such as CSIR, ICAR and the IITs should be studied for possible adoption in the North-East, to enable value addition of local produce.
My best wishes to all of you.
He suggested that each state should select a few destinations, create world class tourism infrastructure, and draw the world there.
Such inter-mingling will consolidate our links and deepen our understanding.
A relaxed body equally relaxes your mental organs.
Prime Minister Modi later met with Spanish CEOs.
And, at this moment of pride, we also stand in grief and gratitude for lives sacrificed so that Afghan people will have a future they so richly deserve and so deeply desire.
More than sixty percent of workers in our agriculture and allied sectors are women.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC) between India and Japan.
Today this approach may not be economically viable but ones the process takes off, we will also learn getting economically viable.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Morocco on cooperation in the field of water resources.
Minister of Women and Child Development.
vi. The Government may, if so felt necessary, allow higher commission to agents.
Subsidies worth nearly 10 billion US dollars are being directly transferred to the bank accounts of the intended beneficiaries.
Elaborating further, Prime Minister opined that for the Sufis, service of God meant service to humanity.
And so brothers I do not want to project data further.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer.
· Meeting of the BRICS Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors – 18 to 20 April (Washington, DC)
g) to exchange experiences in the areas of promotion, education, marketing, destination development and management;
The Memorandum is not an International Treaty and does not create rights and obligations for the parties governed by international law.
The state of Jammu & Kashmir is the symbol of our founding fathers’ faith which defines us as Indian in spite of our diversity.
He summed it up by saying, “Arunachal Pradesh is India’s pride.
They have not only braved hardships, but have also powerfully given a retort to those limited few who have been trying to mislead them.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Andaman and Nicobar Islands are not just a symbol of India’s natural beauty, but are also like a place of pilgrimage for Indians.
The two Prime Ministers inaugurated the Integrated Check Post at Birgunj in Nepal.
Bapu during his lifetime attached greater importance to cleanliness than even to freedom.
“Congratulations to B Sai Praneeth for winning the Thailand Open badminton tournament.
The Prime Ministers reaffirmed the importance of free trade as a catalyst for achieving inclusive growth and realising the Sustainable Development Goals.
The Prime Minister mentioned that a three-pronged strategy for early detection of leprosy cases in the community was introduced in 2016 under the National Health Mission, especially in the hard-to-reach areas.
On education, the Prime Minister said that going forward, just expansion of education is not enough, and the focus should be on quality.
1. At the invitation of H.E. U Htin Kyaw, President of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar, Shri Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of the Republic of India, is paying his first bilateral State visit to the Republic of the Union of Myanmar from 5th to 7th September 2017.
My own Mann Ki Baat experience has connected me with people across India.
In the same way, when we watch Vishwanathan playing chess we see his eyes set on the target, focussed on the game very attentively, and that is a reflection of his inner tranquillity.
I want to tell something to my farmer brothers and sisters.
Kaniyan Pungunranar, a Tamil Scholar had declared more than two millennia ago, Yaathum Oore; Yavarum Kelir, meaning “Every town is hometown and all people are our kin”.
If you go to the website of the Ministry of Ayush, you will see available there a 40-45 minutes very good video demonstrating one after another, different kinds of yog asanas for different parts of the body that you can do, people of all ages can do.
He said he wishes to personally visit one such well-performing district in the month of April.
The Prime Minister conveyed his heartfelt condolences for the victims of the recent terrorist attack in Strasbourg in France, and said that India stands with France in the fight against terrorism.
On this occasion, many felicitations to the citizens of these two states on my behalf.
During the discussions, Prime Minister Modi and President Museveni underlined the traditionally warm and close ties between Uganda and India.
The soul then left for infinity.
After independence, an highly inclusive constitution was drafted under the leadership of Baba SahebAmbedkar.
You will see how the Gandhi Jayanti of this 2nd October shines.
I wish that all of you will continue to let the people experience the power of life of our country through the spiritualism.
The growing partnership in the nuclear power sector between India and Russia has opened opportunities for developing advanced nuclear manufacturing capabilities in India in line with Government of India’s “Make in India” initiative.
In India, we are upgrading connectivity at all levels.
Provision of Citizen-Centric Online Services is the foundation of an efficient public administration system.
My loving greetings to all.
During this period, the Government has taken care to ensure that farmers do not suffer for want of access to seeds, fertilisers and credit.
In Haryana, he unveiled the Statue of Sir Chhotu Ram, a great social reformer.
The highest ever average daily construction rate of 130 km, has been achieved for rural roads under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana.
He mentioned the resolution of the land boundary issue, and various connectivity projects.
I am very happy to be here in the land of the great Cholas who established India’s historic civilization links through trade and education.
This was evident in our productive discussions this morning.
the promotion of efficient, economic, and secure operation of power system needed through the development of regional electricity networks;
The PM laid the foundation stone of roads’ project worth Rs 500 Crores with the press of a button.
Dr Ambedkar International Centre for socio-economic Transformation is a part of the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre.
It is an honour to speak at the inaugural session of the 6th Ministerial Conference of the Heart of Asia- Istanbul Process on Afghanistan.
Prime Minister requested her to convey his best wishes to President Trump and warmly recalled their earlier meetings and interactions.
And nothing will take place till 2040.
• Abundant availability of natural gas globally with increased percentage of LNG and natural gas is contributing to the primary energy basket;
The government agencies at the Centre and the affected States swung into action.
But for me the visit to South Africa was more like a pilgrimage.
Hydrocarbons will be an essential part of this mix.
And that is why the minutest nuance of an expression or subject can be accurately described.
The employees of the company are in 1997 pay scales.
Global confidence in India’s economy is rising.
And therefore, the broad global outlook of both the countries is quite similar to each other.
This depends upon the understanding, perception, nature and timings.
Ministry of Panchayati Raj (MoPR) and UN-Women have worked in collaboration with each other to promote participation of women in Panchayati Raj Institutions (PRIs), to focus on building capacities of Elected Women Representatives to empower them and enhance their effectiveness.
You can abuse me as much as you want.
Gujarat is currently in the midst of the Kite Festival.
Our freedom movement is linked to our sentiments.
The Prime Minister will hand over keys of houses to beneficiaries under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban, as well as Rural).
They resolved to redouble their efforts, bilaterally and with other like-minded countries, to bring to justice the perpetrators of terrorism anywhere in the world and the infrastructure that supports them.
That a person born to a poor family is challenging their Sultunate.
Addressing the gathering through video conference, Prime Minister congratulated the people of Nagpur for the second metro service in Maharashtra.
This would help in following ways:
And this was the first such proposal in the history of United Nations which was approved in the least time.
In particular, we do not accept the unilateral use of political and economic sanctions as a means of exerting pressure.
In order to boost industrial activity and employment under the North East Region Textile Promotion scheme, one apparel and garment making centre is being set up in each of the eight states at a cost of Rupees One Hundred and Forty Five Crores.
We would like to go in the same path.
The Prime Minister noted the impressive technological progress made by Israel, and its long traditions of bravery and martyrdom.
We are going to give this benefit to our countrymen.
And the mindset that such diseases strike poor neighborhoods only, is not valid in the case of Dengue.
“Pained by the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Maharashtra’s Raigad district.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on Renewable Energy between India and Portugal.
During 12th FYP period, in rationalization exercise undertaken in consultation with Ministry of Finance and NITI Aayog, the eight schemes were brought under the umbrella scheme of Rashtriya Yuva Sashaktikaran Karyakram as sub-schemes.
There is only one way to end this problem- through the empowerment of poor people.
Later we are all the way.
29. Both sides recalled the adoption of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, the joint commitment to its implementation with the complementary new EU Consensus on Development and India’s “sab kasaath, sab kavikas” policy initiatives, and reaffirmed the importance of global partnerships to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals and poverty alleviation.
He mentioned the importance of thinking in terms of ‘global citizen’ or ‘global village.’
Citing this, many people make cash payments inspite of having debit cards.
The Prime Minister said that people from these two regions frequently travel to and fro; and this ferry service will save a lot of time, as well as fuel.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of Department of Heavy Industry for enabling M/s Richardson & Cruddas (1972) Limited (R&C), a Central Public Sector Enterprise, to come out of purview of Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR).
The entire nation stands shoulder to shoulder with Kerala and prays for the happiness as well as prosperity of it’s citizens”, the Prime Minister said.
The very word “Japan” in India is a benchmark of quality, excellence, honesty and integrity.
India-Russia: an Enduring Partnership in a Changing World
Rajasthan has significant reserves of oil and gas.
There are some mountaineers who have shown that apart from possessing skills, they are sensitive too.
For on that day, when terrorists launched a massive attack on our Consulate in this city of Herat, the heroic efforts of Afghan soldiers, and of our personnel, saved many lives and prevented a big tragedy.
The people of India have long hailed the dedication and dynamism; vigour and vitality; and achievements of the Japanese people.
Hon’ble Transport Minister Shri Nitin Gadkari has termed the Motor vehicle (Amendment) 2016 passed by cabinet as biggest reforms in the Road Safety & transport sector.
Out of the eight centres, seven centres have already been completed, each having three units.
It has grown more lethal and adept at the use of technology.
I will try my best to bring these to you; and the media can also take advantage of these inspiring stories.
You will be surprised to know that since the time we have been engaged in this campaign for cleansing the system, and plugging leakages; there were six crore bogus beneficiaries who had never been born, who never existed on the earth but the money was being sent in their names – somebody was the beneficiary of Ujjwala Scheme, some beneficiary of the gas connection scheme with a duplicate gas connection; somebody was taking benefits through bogus ration cards; somebody was the beneficiary of scholarship scheme; someone else was the beneficiary of pension scheme.
How will job creation happen?
The Framework Agreement will enable pursuing the potential interest areas of cooperation such as space science, technology and applications including remote sensing of the earth; satellite communication and satellite-based navigation; space science and planetary exploration; use of spacecraft and space systems and ground system; and application of space technology.
BPCL Coastal Installation Project and ONGC’s S1 Vasishta unveiled
The political parties who ask for votes in the name of Babasaheb will probably not even be aware of this.
After independence, for the first time, we have brought in Pradhan Mantri Fasal Beema Yojana.
13. In the the last 70 years people’s expectations have changed.
I firmly believe that it is only my government and Excellency Sheikh Hasina,your government, that can and will find an early solution to Teesta Water Sharing.
He will also dedicate the Super Specialty Block of KIMS, Hubballi.
This is a benediction which was also rendered by M.S. Subbulakshmi herself in October 1966, at the United Nations.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his condolences over loss of lives in stampede incident in Mumbai.
We are working towards full coverage of toilets for householdsand their proper use.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated DRDO and its scientists on the successful firing test firing of Agni V.
Inclusion of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Miji) in serial No. 9 in lieu of ‘Momba’.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted people on the auspicious occasion of Buddha Purnima.
Now a business with a turn-over of upto Rupees forty lakh does not have to register for GST.
Executive Protocol on Cultural Cooperation between India and Italy
ImTeCHO is an innovative mobile phone application to improve performance of ASHAs through better supervision, support and motivation for increasing coverage of proven maternal, newborn and child health interventions among resource-poor settings in India.
He said German innovation and Indian youth could together add great dynamism in the start-up space.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Air Services Agreement between India-Taipei Association in Taipei (India’s representative office in Taiwan) and Taipei Economic and Cultural Center in India (Taiwan’s representative office in India).
The Union Cabinet also decided that the historic town of Sultanpur Lodhi, associated with the life of Shri Guru Nanak Devji, shall be developed as a heritage town and on the Smart City principles, including energy efficiency, to highlight Shri Guru Nanak Devji’s emphasis on sustainability and reverence for nature.
Exquisite works of great artists such as Amrita Shergill, Raja Ravi Verma, Avanindranath Tagore, Gaganendranath Tagore, Nandalal Bose, Jamini Roy, Sailoz Mukherjee have been exhibited.
Respected Dignitaries on the Dais
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path.
I salute all those working towards a Swachh Bharat!
Rs 40,000 crore. we wanted to give that money to the states.
We have the greatest admiration for Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina’s firm resolve in dealing with terrorism.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people of Karnataka on Sankranti festival.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched the Ease of Doing Business Grand Challenge at an event in Lok Kalyan Marg in New Delhi.
He interacted with several groups of students participating in the Hackathon, at various institutes across the country.
Some people thought that all governments are alike.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding between Ministry of Railways, Government of India and the Federal Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications of Swiss Confederation on Technical Cooperation in Rail Sector.
President Reuven Rivlin’s visit to India in 2016 was only the second Israeli presidential visit to India.
I want to thank my friend, Prime Minister Netanyahu, for the invitation and for receiving me with so much warmth.
In this context, he particularly mentioned the importance of social media.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed happiness at receiving the medal winners.
And we will be forever reduced to listening to this song, hence we must keep our traditional sports alive.It is crucial that today schools, neighbourhoods and youth congregations should come forward and promote these games.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination on many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, is very strong.
Persons holding old notes of five hundred or one thousand rupees can deposit these notes in bank or post offices from 10th November onwards till 30th December, the Prime Minister announced.
Discusses collaboration in trade, technology, skill development and renewable energy with the Swiss President.
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
He said that for the first time since independence, the Government is now thinking of the housing needs of the middle class as well, and they are being given relief on interest, along with financial assistance.
On 31 May, on my way to Singapore, I will make a brief halt in Malaysia to congratulate the new Malaysian leadership.
Data from Landsat series of satellites operated by USGS was used by Indian scientists during the inception of Indian remote sensing programme.
Let us march ahead for building a New India with a renewed vigour, zeal, confidence and culture.
Similarly, about the incidents that took place in Kashmir and all that happened in Kashmir, all political parties in the country collectively expressed their views in one voice.
During the interaction, officers shared their experiences on subjects such as performance based administration, innovation in governance, waste management, river and environment pollution, forestry, sanitation, climate change, value addition in agriculture, education and skill development.
National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) was launched in April 2005 and it morphed into National Health Mission (NHM) with launch of National Urban Health Mission (NUHM) during 2013.
I’ve seen a lot of young people these days, spending time in learning new things.
Economic progress is closely tied to world-class infrastructure.
From the activities launched today, you can see the depth of relationship between the two countries.
They are also tapping the creative energy of our 800 million youth.
The three AIIMS are being set up as a part of the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Tamilnadu on April 12.
It is true that for a long time our focus has been on setting up educational institutions, expanding the system of education, building schools, building colleges, recruiting teachers, ensuring maximum attendance of children.
4) The process of connecting Kashmiri youth with economic activities of the State will be speeded up.
Till August 2017, Indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 Peacekeeping operations undertaken by the UN the world over.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, hoisted the National Flag at Red Fort, to commemorate the 75th Anniversary of formation of Azad Hind Government, formed by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
May you find fulfilment and bliss, in this great festival of Yoga, on the banks of the River Ganga, where our sages and rishis have meditated for millennia.
The Prime Minister will address a public rally in Dharamshala in Kangra district.
He said State Governments have a key role to play in this regard, and he has personally written to all Chief Ministers to join in this campaign.
By the way, if I continue enumerating examples of the Purusharth, the character & the mettle of Indians, or those of our collective endeavour, this episode of Mann Ki Baat will go on and on, perhaps to the point when 2019 makes an entry!
Also, with this arrangement in place, prospects of Indian companies would improve in tapping foreign capital as there would be greater confidence in stability of country’s exchange rate.
Guided by ‘Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas’ and with the active participation of 130 crore Indians, the NDA government has undertaken some of the most historic decisions in national interest.
Annual rate of decline in 2014-15 was 4.4%.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya, on his birth anniversary.
The Government is trading the path laid down by Atal ji.
We now aim to take this to the next level by increasing production levels of multiple products based on milk.
BRICS Institute for Economic Research and Analysis 6.
Prime Minister Modi appreciated the increased momentum of high-level contacts between India and China in all spheres, including in the areas of defence and military exchanges.
I also salute the families of our soldiers.
It has now been decided to do away with this provision, thereby allowing FIIs/FPIs to invest in Power Exchanges through primary market as well.
I don’t run away from them.
It would also bring light to over two hundred and fifty thousand homes in this area.
He said women now have a greater opportunity to earn extra income, as time spent on cooking has been reduced.
I assure you my support wherever it is required.
“Strongly condemn the barbaric terrorist attack on a place of worship in Egypt.
He exhorted everyone to keep the student alive in them.
I once again wish you all and the people of Mizoram a Merry Christmas.
The foreign rulers, their judges, their preachers,lost no opportunity to look down upon our thousand years of knowledge and cultural heritage.
Our thinking is to move beyond Consumer Protection to promotion of Consumers Interest.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved in- situ promotion of officers of the Indian Trade Service (ITS), belonging to 1989 to 1991 batches, to the Senior Administrative Grade (SAG) level, on personal basis, as a onetime relaxation, with the condition that, as and when vacancies at SAG arise on the cadre post, these officers would be adjusted against the vacant cadre posts and the posts held by these officers at present, would be retained at the original level of Junior Administrative Grade (JAG), after their retirement or being covered against the original sanctioned strength of SAG.
He added that India wants to have manufacturing of global standards and hence the Swiss model of skill development is very relevant to it.
The burden of stress takes a heavy toll and one of the sharpest weapons to overcome stress is Yoga.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his twenty-first interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
Cooperation on drug matters is expected to curb the illicit traffic of narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and precursor chemicals in the two countries.
I also practice breathing exercises. #HumFitTohIndiaFit.
He believed that our well-being lies in the development of India, the Prime Minister added.
Shri Narendra Modi said that there was a lot of propaganda against India in the Western world that Swami Vivekananda proved wrong.
The MoU was signedon 10thJuly 2018.
35. Encourage the early completion of the India-Myanmar-Thailand Trilateral Highway Project and extend this Trilateral Highway to Cambodia, Lao PDR and Viet Nam.
India is also ready to share it’s expertise and capacities for the development of small and medium business in South Africa.
The gathering included Ministers from Saudi Arabia and UAE, and CEOs and experts from organisations including Saudi ARAMCO, ADNOC, BP, Rosneft, IHS Markit, Pioneer Natural Resources Company, Emerson Electric Company, Tellurian, Mubadala Investment Company, Schlumberger Ltd., Wood Mackenzie, World Bank, International Energy Agency (IEA), NIPFP, Brookings India and various Indian companies involved in both upstream and downstream operations.
It also influenced and guided the mind-set of Indian diaspora the world over.
We will reduce the emissions intensity of India’s GDP by twenty to twenty-five percent over 2005 levels by 2020.
My Cabinet colleague Shri Ram Vilas Paswan Ji, Shri C.R. Chaudhary Ji, Secretary General, UNCTAD, Dr. Mukhisa Kituyi, and other dignitaries present here.
Our Government has worked towards the good health and wellbeing of the people of India.
He proceeded to Dharmasthala, where he offered prayers at Shri Manjunatha Swamy Temple.
He added that it is a symbol of the shared heritage of the two countries.
Many topics were discussed in their company and their confidence was really striking –it was inspiring.
Our foreign exchange reserves have crossed 400 billion dollars, and we continue to attract large foreign capital flows.
We are committed to building a ‘New India’ with next generation infrastructure and with emphasis on speed, skill and scale.
While combating the ill-effects of climate change, the development space for India and developing countries needs to be preserved.
This means, a daughter is the equivalent of ten sons.
Under the Direct Benefit Scheme, by transferring the money directly into the beneficiaries’ bank accounts the government has prevented leakage of more than Rs. 57 thousand crores.
Therefore, the Government has amended the definition of Small scale industries, widened their scope and reduced the tax rate from 30 to 25 percent.
Dr. B. Chandrasekaran, Director , CSIR- CLRI
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of leadership, soft skills and collective training.
• The project will generate new employment opportunity for about 3500 skilled banking professionals and other entities engaged in propagating financial literacy across the country.
The collaboration between India and the USA will enable sharing of the expertise available with organizations in both countries, and adoption of the latest state-of-the-art technology in the field of Earth Science.
13 crore people have availed MUDRA LOAN which is a great achievement.
He said that Yoga is not about what one will get, but it is about what one can give up.
The life of many a medal winner is also immensely inspiring.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment all over the country.
This has improved telecom connectivity and will give a boost to the economic development of the region.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister began with the Hebrew greeting “Shalom le’kulam.
He said that schemes such as PM AwaasYojana, UjjwalaYojana, Ayushman Bharat etc are symbolic of the spirit of SabkaSaath, SabkaVikas.
More than three crore women have been provided a gas connection free of cost under the Ujjwala scheme.
The Prime Minister welcomed the Delegation members.
Fourth, we are nations with large youth populations.
The other group of correspondents have stressed that this is such a good work being carried out for the welfare of the country, such a sacred task but they have also noted that in spite of this there are many scams being committed and new avenues of dishonesty are being explored.
(iii) In any financial year, the expenditure on ongoing schemes of the Department of School Education & Literacy and Department of Higher Education would be initially incurred from the gross budgetary support (GBS) and the expenditure would be financed from the MUSK only after the GBS is exhausted.
India has been an incubator for innovations and entrepreneurship over the ages.
Development is also the solution to the tension that people talk about.
The more the new generation devotes itself to this task, the greater will be their contribution with immense significance for the modern India of the 21st century.
8. Let me start with the macro-economy.
This is observed as Panchayati Raj Day in India.
The conclusion of the bilateral Maritime Security Agreement today, will strengthen our mutual cooperation and capacities.
The vested interests feel aggrieved since my Government believes in transferring the money into the accounts of the beneficiaries through Direct Benefit transfer.
So we have brought in scientific methods.
Under the scheme these families will get free treatment up to Rs. 5 lakhs per annum in the identified hospitals.
He said conditions prevailing today are quite different from about two decades ago, and would evolve much further over the next few years.
PM said that he was proud that his Government gave Bharat Ratna to Gopinath Bordoloi, Bhupen Hazarika.
The e-NAM, our national agricultural e-Market, is connecting our agricultural markets nationwide, thereby giving our farmers the benefit of competitive pricing, and freedom of choice.
The Prime Minister said enhanced connectivity between the North-East and other parts of the country is a priority for the Union Government, and work has been greatly speeded up in this regard.
In a way, a mass campaign of public education gets underway through these Ganesh festivities.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to release an instalment of Dearness Allowance (DA) to Central Government employees and Dearness Relief (DR) to Pensioners w.e.f.
When a government works with speed and scale, it clearly shows.
But the ‘Farmer Producer Organization’ -FPO, that is similar to the cooperative societies, does not get this benefit.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Wage Policy for the 8th Round of Wage Negotiations for workmen in Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs).
Otherwise, the rate at which the Inflation was rising during previous government’s tenure it would have resulted in huge rise in the budget of the common citizen’s kitchen.
While the Foreign exchange earned by India due to tourism witnessed a jump of 50%, up from $ 18 billionin 2013 to $ 27 billion in 2017.
• Holding consultations and taking steps towards improving the effectiveness of transnational cybercrime cooperation;
The seas that surround the Indian peninsula, connect us to some of the world’s biggest markets, including Africa, the Middle East and Europe.
In a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
• 4 laning of Bakhtiyarpur-Mokama section of NH-31
There are thousands of doctors who have implemented what I said.
The first General Assembly of the International Solar Alliance was held in India.
Pained by his demise.
27. The two sides also agreed to cooperate in the areas of space, science and technology, including remote sensing, satellite communication and satellite-based navigation.
Now people are joining hands from every part of the country to take up this cleanliness drive forward.
During this visit, I will have a chance to see some of Japan’s high-tech capabilities in robotics.
This will lead to increased access to quality health and medication.
Only 50 percent people had bank accounts four years ago, while now almost everyone has access to banking services.
I am sometimes worried that much of our younger generation prefer leading life in their comfort zones.
In Yoga, we have the perfect solution to the problems we face, either as individuals or in our society.
President Putin reiterated the invitation to the annual Eastern Economic Forum in September 2019.
Friends, if Dr. Kalam has inspired someone the most, it is the youth of our country.
He underlined the importance of a clean and vibrant River Ganga.
Transferred from DONER to NEC for implementation, the scheme is 100% Centrally funded.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding signed between Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and United States Geological Survey (USGS) for Cooperation in the exchange and use of U.S. Land Remote Sensing Satellite Data.
Our common effort is also to link the creativity of innovation with the energy of entrepreneurship.
In many regions the position of the planetary constellations determines the occurrence and celebration of festivals.
A single case takes years to settle.
That is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received.
• States did inventory mapping and BMMP effectively rolled out in 13 States during 2016-17.
Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Sunil Lanba, was present on the occasion.
• “Deposit Takers” include all possible entities (including individuals) receiving or soliciting deposits, except specific entities such as those incorporated by legislation;
The approval will increase the availability of doctors and address the issue of shortage of doctors..
At the same time, India supports nearly eighteen percent of human population.
They sent me photographs with a caption- ‘Before and After’!
He said it will benefit small entrepreneurs in the region, besides generating employment for youth.
This will also forbid criminals from indulging in atrocities and will instill confidence among the dalit communities.
He attended the Closing Ceremony of the Birth Centenary Celebration of the 19th Kushok Bakula Rinpoche in Leh.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, dedicated the National Police Memorial to the nation, on Police Commemoration Day, today.
Prime Minister Modi recalled his memorable visit to the UK last November and affirmed India’s commitment to further strengthen the strategic partnership between both countries.
It need not come at the cost of our green assets.
Today, the 11th August, reminds us of a significant event in history.
The gems and jewellery sector is one of the leading sectors in India in terms of value of exports as well as employment generation.
“On his birth anniversary, my tributes to Dr. Syama Prasad Mookerjee.
The Noida city, located in Gautam Buddha Nagar District of Uttar Pradesh State, was created under the Uttar Pradesh Industrial Area Development Act.
The place to produce, process, and prosper.
The Policy is expected to facilitate induction of new,innovative and cutting-edge technology and forging technological collaboration to improve productivity of existing fields.
And, Excellency, your personal attention and leadership has contributed much to the steady direction, strength and vibrancy in our ties.
The tragedy is mind-numbing.
• A commitment to promote international security and stability in cyberspace through a framework that recognizes the applicability of international law, in particular the UN Charter, to state conduct in cyberspace and the promotion of voluntary norms of responsible state behavior in cyberspace;
Growing FDI inflow in the country is proof of the fact that how much faith the foreign investors have in the country’s economy.
It aims to make India disaster resilient and significantly reduce the loss of lives and assets.
He said, “Towards this end, we have developed and implemented many policies.
The Prime Minister appreciated the Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh, Dr. Raman Singh, for the development work done in the State over the last fourteen years.
It gives the message of love and harmony – awakens new hopes and aspirations, and gives new confidence to the people.
Our economic links continue to flourish.
Central University of Kashmir, Srinagar
They weave a beautiful thread of unity.
The concept of Open Acreage Policy will enable E&P companies choose the blocks from the designated area.
Obviously, India presents a large and growing market.
Today we know that it depends as much on the quality of institutions and ideas.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of Patna Metro Rail Project which will give a boost to transport connectivity and add to ease of living for the people of Patna and adjoining areas.
This can be the enduring impact of this day.
In the coming days, this law will also become operational.
The famous re-counting minister, who took pride in treating people badly, insulting the middle class, he has to now apply for a family pack for bail just like his party’s First Family.
The Leaders emphasized the importance of early conclusion of an agreement on cooperation in higher education sector and directed the officials to take necessary steps in this regard.
As an Indian, when we witness the entire world coming together through Yoga, we realize that the entire world is getting linked with our past, present and future.
It has the potential to increase farm incomes.
This country can never forget their sacrifice.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for amendment in the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (M-SIPS) to further incentivize investments in Electronic Sector and moving towards the goal of ‘ Net Zero imports’ in electronics by 2020.
Third, focus on key priorities of our economic transformations.
Prophet Muhammad Sahib believed that a person is rich because of his inherent spirituality, and not materialistic wealth.
January, February, March, April – all these are for every family, months of most severe test!
I will not tolerate this insult to our armed forces
India is one of the key founder members of this Organisation.
It is a matter of great pleasure that two months after our meeting in Buenos Aires, I have this opportunity to welcome you today in India.
The prosperity of Indians, both at home and abroad, and security of our citizens are of paramount importance.
The flow of trade, people and ideas through our region has often intersected in Amritsar on one of Asia’s oldest and longest surface arteries, the Grand Trunk Road.
So far more than 470 agricultural markets have been added online.
Women are leading a smoke-free life due to Ujjwala Yojana.
He appreciated several other suggestions made by various Chief Ministers, on matters such as water conservation, agriculture, MNREGA etc.
This pledge includes the construction of fifteen thousand toilets for the poor.
The Sagarmala project is also a part of our vision.
We value your recommen- -dations and look forward to putting them into practice.
I am delighted to be here at Gift City to inaugurate India’s first international stock exchange, that is, the India International Exchange.
The Guardian / owner shall be deemed to be guilty in cases of offences by the Juveniles and Juvenile to be tried under JJ Act.
The transparency in the scheme has helped in identifying ghost accounts, multiple accounts and inactive accounts.
I had heard about the farmers, of Tohoo village in Bhoranj block of Hamirpur district in Himachal Pradesh.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
I still remember as explained by Nitin Bhai that when I had started Sauni Scheme in Haimu, Gadhvi Hol and Rajkot then I had explained it to everyone by making a power point presentation.
The country is progressing with new zeal, enthusiasm and courage.
The growing number of Indian students, going to study in Israel and vice versa can be an important bridge in our bilateral partnership.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and United Kingdom on technical cooperation in the field of Sustainable Urban Development in April, 2018.
He urged them to undertake a critical review of the work done by the Union Government in the respective sectors that they will be studying.
For us, the nature is mother, it is not for exploitation, but it is for service.
The tales of Indian voyagers travelling to foreign lands reflect the entrepreneurial character and spirit of our forefathers.
Sardar Patel, a true son of the soil will adorn our skies too.
India is in an excellent time-zone between West and East.
In this regard they directed the Ministers for early convening of the Defence Ministers’ Dialogue and the Joint Defence Cooperation Committee (JDCC) Meetings to review and upgrade the existing “Agreement on Cooperative Activities in the Fields of Defence” to a substantive bilateral Defence Cooperation Agreement.
• agreements with many countries, including the USA, have been made to add provisions for sharing banking information;
We have exceptionally good political and people-to-people relations with each and every country in the ASEAN region.
3.07 lakh Gramin Dak Sevaks will be benefitted by this wage revision.
India has been supportive in capacity building in tax matters in developing countries.
These minute stories encompassing a 130 crore countrymen will always stay alive.
ii) The cash incentives provided would lead to improved health seeking behaviour amongst the Pregnant Women and Lactating Mother (PW&LM) to reduce the effects of under-nutrition namely stunting, wasting and other related problems.
The PM said, “ In an effort to carry forward the legacy of Gandhiji, our government has modernised around 2000 institutions related to khadi.
Once again, Congratulations to you all in this Golden Jubilee Year.
ARNAB: Before I come to my last question Mr Prime Minister, one issue that I want to come to is the farmers’ crisis.
The Sub-Group was set up in pursuance of the decision taken in the first meeting of the Governing Council of NITI Aayog held on 8th February 2015.
PM congratulated His Excellency Dr. Sultan Al Jaber for his contribution to the energy sector and vision for the future.
The implementation of the project would provide the much needed additional public transport infrastructure to NCR.
The North East is the gateway to South East Asia and we need to take advantage of this.
Over Rs. 1200 crore will be given by the Union Government for the infrastructure sector alone.
We have to move forward with this belief and commitment.
The Prime Minister congratulated all the award winners, their parents and schoolteachers.
We shall celebrate National Sports Day on 29th August and I extend my best wishes to all sport lovers and also pay my tributes to the legendary hockey wizard Shri Dhyanchandji.
A short while ago, we inaugurated and laid the foundation stone for several development works related to roads, railways and highways.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, interacted with around 380 Directors and Deputy Secretaries working in various departments and Ministries in the Government of India, in four groups.
An IFSC enables bringing back the financial services and transactions that are currently carried out in offshore financial centers by Indian corporate entities and overseas branches / subsidiaries of financial institutions (FIs)to India by offering business and regulatory environment that is comparable to other leading international financial centers in the world like London and Singapore.
If you certify the account books of a company then the government officers trust in your assessment.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today released the National Disaster Management Plan (NDMP).
For the first time in 70 years since independence, realizing the problem of Indian population residing in border areas, the Government analyzed their plight as they suffer due to frequent violations of ceasefire specifically on the North Western border of Jammu and Kashmir with Pakistan.
Development Projects
This is a technology driven system which is transparent.
On the employment front, PM said maximum job growth has been in the transport sector.
That is why India and Japan are best suited to work together.
The main concern of the Government is that ABs are required to be reviewed and rationalised with a view to improve their outcomes, effectiveness and efficiency, utilisation of financial and human resources, synergy, governance and relevance in current policy and programme context, with improved monitoring and oversight.
He suggested that this could be implemented within a definite timeframe.
I will add my views on some exam-related issues about which I feel strongly.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with the Collectors of the four States of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Odisha, and Jammu and Kashmir.
MoU between M/o Petroleum & Natural Gas of the Republic of India and Belarusian State Concern of Oil and Chemistry in the Oil and Gas Sector
India recently became the sixth largest economy in the world.
The two countries shall work to enhance cooperation at the national, regional and international level to design, implement and monitor a professionally-designed National Water Conservation campaign in India.
It manifested our clear and common determination to build new pathways for Afghanistan’s economic progress and prosperity and, a month later, in June this year, we joined hands and inaugurated the Afghanistan-India Friendship Dam.
Code-share agreements viii.
We have successfully connected the whole world through Yoga.
He said that Industry 4.0, and the expansion of Artificial Intelligence, would lead to better healthcare, and reduce expenditure on health.
The conference on the theme of “Mines to Market 2017”, brings together miners, diamond companies, experts, retailers, bankers and analysts from across the globe.
Germany is our leading partner in trade, technology and investment.
On this environment day, let all of us give it a good thought as to what can we do to make our planet cleaner and greener?
It is in line with our view that our ties should be reflected in all spheres of our engagement and backed by regular high-level contact.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
The Prime Minister noted the date – 8th August – and recalled that in 1942, on this very day Mahatma Gandhi had given the call for the Quit India Movement.
This Act also has provisions to order recall of substandard products from the market and for compensation in case of loss or damages incurred by the consumer.
The determination did not diminish with each passing generation.
The merger was completed in record time, unlike earlier mergers of State Banks of Indore and Saurashtra.
Emphasizing on the need to promote domestic manufacturing, he spoke of the need to boost production in areas such as medical devices, electronics and defence equipment.
Now, sitting at home the farmer would know what price to sell the crops at.
And I believe that it would have been easier to run a newspaper and supervise journalists.
Major international companies including Lockheed Martin, Boeing (USA), Saab (Sweden), Airbus, Rafael (France), Rosonboron Exports, United Shipbuilding (Russia), BAE Systems (UK), Sibat (Israel), Wartsila (Finland), Rhode and Schwarz (Germany) are among many others participating at DefExpo 2018.
This experience will teach you a lot.
I am confident in the 125 crore people of India and I am sure country will get success.
He said the farmer can benefit only if Assaying and Grading facilities are made available, so that the farmer can market his produce in mandis across the country.
We also have immense opportunities in services trade that goes in building the economy of Lao PDR.
He shared his experiences with the Prime Minister today.
He will also launch the Gram Samvad App which will carry information on the progress of rural development works at the Gram Panchayat level.
The memorial has been constructed by DRDO in exactly one year.
Outreach activities from the institutions of eminence to schools, colleges and polytechnics will activate the latent Science and Technology manpower from the educational institutions in your neighbourhoods.
They will then visit the “Sidi Saiyyid Ni Jaali” – a famous 16th century mosque in Ahmedabad.
I will surely send your ideas and efforts to the people.
Remembering him, you teach at least 125 persons about downloading the BHIM App.
The MoUs were signed on 22nd June 2018 at Havana, Cuba and on 9th July 2018 at New Delhi, respectively.
This is the very day when Indian Forces landed in Kashmir and saved the valley from the clutches of aggression.
Ties of India and African countries are from pre-independence era.
Digital transactions have increased by 34 per cent in one year, as we march towards a less-cash economy.
And therefore this burden of hankering for marks hinders us sometimes from going in the right direction.
Terrorism is another shared threat that puts at risk the safety and security of our people.
Mr. Itsunori Onodera, Defence Minister of Japan, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
We also recognize the need to tackle the issue of water availability, which is becoming a major challenge.
If we eradicate these evils then it benefits the most to the poor people of the country.
· First Meeting of the BRICS Sherpas and Sous-Sherpas – 4 to 6 February (Cape Town)
Out of the 18,000 unelectrified villages in the country, we have already connected more than 7000 villages with electricity.
The interaction was organised as part “poshan Maah”, being observed this month.
I seek your support and blessings to create an India where the dreams of the poorest of the poor are fulfilled.
Not only that, she has become the synonym of life for many devotees.
PM will dedicate to nation various hospitals built in Ahmedabad region.
When we move from “Swaraj” to “Suraja”, the citizens do not lag behind.
The arc of influence of Indian Ocean extends well beyond its littoral limits.
However we are treading the right path keeping in mind the welfare of the people.
He released a commemorative postage stamp on Varanasi City.
The Agreement is also expected to facilitate trade and ensure efficient clearance of goods traded between the countries.
Vasant is RITURAJ, the king of seasons.
The leaders reaffirmed their commitment to lead the fight against climate change.
The leaders affirmed their support for U.S.-India cooperation in promoting maritime security.
I have seen that the ordinary citizen has the determination to do anything, if it will lead to the country’s progress.
The present sanctioned strength of the Force is 2,57,025 having 186 Battalions (including 03 NDRF Battalions).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today called upon NITI Aayog to create a vision document that would, chart a roadmap for India’s development for the next fifteen years, and also lay the foundation for the country’s growth over the next decades of the 21st century.
The Prime Minister said that the effect of increased use of renewable energy is now visible in India.
The MoU intends to promote closer cooperation in the areas of e-Governance, HRD for IT education, Information Security, Electronics Hardware manufacturing, IT embedded Software industry, Telemedicine etc.
Under POSHAN Abhiyaan, the Government has fixed targets to reduce stunting, under-nutrition, anemia (among young children, women and adolescent girls) and reduce low birth weight by 2%, 2%, 3% and 2% per annum respectively.
“Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas.
10. Support the implementation of the Langkawi Declaration on the Global Movement of Moderates to promote peace, security, upholding rule of law, sustainable and inclusive development, equitable growth and social harmony.
The Dina Thanthi, is of course, one among them.
But if we look at the diaspora as our strength we can convert it this to “brain gain.”
Through centuries, there have lived countless devotees, in every age and time.
Addressing a large public meeting on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that today’s inauguration will make every Kutchi proud.
Both leaders expressed their commitment to further develop the special strategic partnership between India and South Korea, particularly through participation in programmes such as Make in India, Digital India, Start up India, et cetera.
My thoughts are with the bereaved families.
But I will tell you the truth, the reason for the absence of humour in public life is this fear.
5. Cognizant of their responsibility for promoting peace, stability and security in the region and the world, the two leaders emphasized the importance of further cementing bilateral strategic engagement, including in the areas of security and defence cooperation, to serve the common interests of the two countries and their peoples.
It is a matter of great satisfaction that, we have now decided to upgrade our relationship to a “Comprehensive Strategic Partnership”.
There might be debates, discussions and conversations but I would like to request the House to work even beyond the stipulated time and all the important subjects of discussion must reach to a conclusion.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of the Ministry of Power for Signing of “Memorandum of Understanding for Establishment of the BIMSTEC Grid Interconnection”.
Phase 1, inaugurated today, enables passenger movement.
In this process, the slip will not go into the hands of the voter nor will others be able to see it.
As a consequence of the Pulwama terror attack and the sacrifice of the brave jawans, people across the country are agonized and enraged.
PM Prachanda also spoke about Nepal holding the first local elections in nearly twenty years and requested for India’s assistance in this connection.
The President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, presented the Tagore Award for Cultural Harmony for the years 2014, 2015 and 2016 to Shri Rajkumar Singhajit Singh, Chhayanaut (a cultural organisation of Bangladesh) and Shri Ram Vanji Sutar respectively, at a function held here today.
The Nordic countries agree that India is a strong candidate for a permanent seat in a reformed Security Council expanded with both permanent and non-permanent members.
He also laid the foundation stone for sports projects.
Lack of connectivity is one of the biggest hurdles in the path of development of the North Eastern Region.
The establishment of the NAA, to be headed by a senior officer of the level of Secretary to the Government of India with four Technical Members from the Centre and/or the States, is one more measure aimed at reassuring consumers that Government is fully committed to take all possible steps to ensure the benefits of implementation of GST in terms of lower prices of the goods and services reach them.
However, he said that what is often missed is that previous occupants overstay beyond the designated time.
Small currency has now more value.
There are still about 40-45 days left for that.
The practice of yoga leads to germination of a sense of forgiveness in the same manner as a mother has for her children and mental peace becomes our permanent friend.
One year ago, Amma generously donated one hundred crore rupees to the Namami Gange programme.
I can say that China has been cooperating with India to search for solutions.
The ASEAN Business and Investment Summit will boost our close cooperation to further enhance our trade ties with ASEAN member-states, which constitutes a significant 10.85% of our overall trade.
And it was not long time ago, this was the reality of Gujarat twenty years ago.
He also stressed the need to decongest critical stretches, and adopt latest technologies for toll collection.
Our Honourable President inaugurated this programme and the country got connected.
Natural Gas is the next generation fossil fuel – cheaper, and less polluting.
The tradition of Kumbh has bloomed and flourished as part of our great cultural heritage.
Come 2019, we are going to celebrate the 550th PRAKASH VARSH of Guru Nanak Dev ji.
Thirdly, we also need to understand that earlier the world was bi polar.
Today seems to be a day of speeches.
The Scheme was introduced to augment the income of the Small and Marginal Farmers (SMFs).
Extended all possible support in the rescue and relief operations.
And, personally, I have always deeply valued our friendship.
The tunnel is equipped with world-class security systems, and is expected to boost tourism and economic activities in the State of Jammu and Kashmir.
We keep making effort toward that objective and sometimes our efforts are successful.
The MoU will facilitate South-South cooperation mechanisms around Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana – National Rural Livelihoods Mission (DAY-NRLM)’s experience through exchange visits and dialogues, and establishment of a good-practice Learning Centre.
23. Both leaders also welcomed the signing of the framework agreement between the General Investment Authority in Saudi Arabia and Invest India aimed at facilitating investments by the private sectors in the two countries.
Friends, Government is implementing Prime Minister Rural Digital Literacy Campaign for Digital Empowerment of Consumers living in rural areas of the country.
ARNAB: And Mr Prime Minister, if I may say so, between May 8 and now, you are speaking as straight as you did before you took over as Prime Minister.
“I bow to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose on his Jayanti.
Exchanged on the Indian side by
· 3rd BRICS Sherpa/Sous-Sherpa Meeting – 2 to 3 June (Pretoria)
I pay my respectful homage to Rabindra Nath Tagore.
There has been a long standing demand for a University in this region.
He said that the next five years should also be about “Sankalp se Siddhi” – a resolve which will lead us to accomplishment.
Rebate of taxes/levies has been permitted through an IT-driven scrip system at notified rates.
Best wishes to our food providers, the farming brothers and sisters.
These programmes focus on building an innovation driven enterprise ecosystem.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described it as an honour to unveil the bust of Bapu at Yonsei University.
However, this time around, my schedule did not permit me to come in person.
He said that RERA has been notified in 28 states.
The Prime Minister said the changing nature of technology is resulting in the requirement of different skill-sets for employment.
The Prime Minister asserted that with the digital revolution, media would play a key role in strengthening the country.
Several decades of public life have convinced me that energy is a key driver of socio-economic growth.
His work in this sector augured extremely well for the people of India.”
He will also inaugurate the Bangladesh Bhavan – a symbol of the cultural ties between India and Bangladesh – at Santi Niketan.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
The total cost escalation for the project, at this stage, is Rs.3512.82 crore.
The Prime Minister asserted that science, technology and innovation are the keys to progress and prosperity of India.
Those who think ahead of their time are sure to be misunderstood.
c. Enhancing user experience at all stages.
He said that the ancient Indian concept of “Tarka Shastra” is founded on dialogue and debate as the model for exchange of views and avoidance of conflict.
Every child has his or her own potential and strengths, and it is important to understand these positives of every child, he noted.
President and I agreed that promoting people-to-people contacts, which has a long shared history, is our shared priority.
Whenever and wherever possible, let’s look for the opportunity.
Energy justice is also a key objective and now a top priority for India.
And, Korean investments into India have reached a cumulative figure of almost 6 billion Dollars.
The diligent hard work by this country’s workers, and farmers, and youth has scripted a new chapter of success with flying colours.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed in 17 sectors.
The MoU was signed at New Delhi in April, 2017.
Six of these young daughters are in the Navy.
The Union Government has been proactively following the ‘Act East Policy’.
On the upcoming occasion of the Vilambhi Tamil New Year on April 14th, I extend my warm greetings to all Tamil people across the world.
These include moral and ethical principles, postures designed to keep the body fit, spiritual philosophy, instruction by a guru, chanting of mantras, quieting the breath and stilling the mind through meditation.
Under provision of additional land to the Concessionaire, land rent has been reduced from 200% to 120% of the applicable scale of rates for the proposed additional land.
The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) has been mandated to promote international cooperation in the emerging and frontier areas of Information and Communications Technology (ICT) under bilateral and regional framework of cooperation.
Lakhs of children and pregnant women were left out of vaccination.
This would be acceptable to them but not to me.
In the same way, India’s ranking in the World Travel and TourismCompetitiveness index has gone up from sixty five in 2013 to forty in 2017.
This ferry service too, he added, would not be restricted to this one route.
34. Reaffirm our commitment to enhance physical and digital connectivity in line with the MPAC 2025 and the AIM 2020 by, among others, availing of the US$1 billion line of credit announced by India to promote physical infrastructure and digital connectivity.
“On National Sports Day I congratulate all sports lovers across India and hope sports and sportsmanship will always shine in our society” , the Prime Minister said.
He said each archaeological discovery, painstakingly made by archaeologists over long periods of time, has its own story to tell.
Stricter provisions are being proposed in respect of offences like juvenile driving, drunken driving, driving without licence, dangerous driving, over-speeding, overloading etc.
The biggest thing is that during the past one year village headmen from Jammu and Kashmir in large numbers have been meeting me with the request to hold Panchayat elections there.
His valour and courage shows the way to youth of Jammu and Kashmir and the entire nation to live for the country.”
The MMLP will make Jharsuguda the prime hub of logistics in the region.
22. India and the EU acknowledged the importance of connectivity in today’s globalised world.
Water could only be supplied to your homes when we took the water at a height equivalent to the height of a 65 story building.
7. We reiterate our determination to work together to strengthen multilateralism and the rule of law in international relations, and to promote a fair, just, equitable, democratic and representative international order.
Four years ago, who would have believed that rupees three lakh crore or about forty billion dollars would be returned by defaulting borrowers to financial and operational creditors.
• Second is the Development of Japanese Industrial Townships: Country-wide, four locations have been finalized.
A group of Indian scientists and students at CERN also met the Prime Minister in Geneva today.
We have also agreed to jointly produce a film on the life and works of Bangabandhuwhich will be released on his birth centenary year in 2020.
I would request that during these vacations do not go out just for a change but leave with the intention to know, understand –& gain something.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with business leaders in Mumbai.
And we are moving forward with this resolve.
Some concrete examples of our partnership include:
Prime Minister has welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families, ahead of the summits.
We have also established a Defence Investors Cell to assist and handhold the investors involved in Defence Production.
b) owners of vessels to compulsorily take insurance of crew engaged on vessels including fishing, sailing without mechanical means of propulsion and whose net tonnage is less than 15; and
9. Ambitious targets have been set that includes key health indicators and others to spur performance.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched the health assurance scheme: Ayushman Bharat – Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana – at Ranchi, Jharkhand.
I was told that a few days ago, in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, over three lakh people came together to work for the sanitation campaign.
People wanted security, not stagnation
In a few months from now we will jointly commemorate these milestones.
India’s stature has increased at the international forums, India has voiced its opinions strongly on such forums.
Regular interaction with governments is required, he added.
All Ministries of the Central Government, Public Sector Undertakings, State Governments as well as regulators should identify international best practices, consult their stakeholders and align their regulations and processes with international best practices.
Now they can save up to Rs. 6 lakhs on home loans over a period of 20 years which is a reflection of the measures undertaken by the Government for Ease of Living.
This young shooter has made a rich contribution towards sports.”
Towards this end, we are working to adopt and absorb newer technologies, to bring about transparency, and to end discretion.
He will lay the foundation stone for hospitals in Hazaribagh, Dumka and Palamau and inaugurate a series of development projects.
A special part of the program of this visit of the President to India will be the first “Gandhi-Mandela Freedom Lecture” which is being organized today.
We have speeded up policy formulation in this sector.
I thank members of the Electoral College.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that India has to keep pace with changing technology, and the new, interdependent global order.
There is no financial implication with regard to the proposed IIIT PPP Bill, 2017
The text of resolution is as follows:
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Shri Hamid Ansari.
But it is true that if 125 crore countrymen resolve, and decide to walk step by step on a path to realise that resolve, the dream of ‘New India’ can be fulfilled in our lifetime.
We are trying to bring transparency through technology.
I could have very well secured the same marks by devoting that time to studying, which I wasted while pondering how to copy.
The organization also undertakes welfare works for the people like this train which starts the journey from here today.
The Government of Papua New Guinea sent an SOS-message to us in June and our navy rendered help in saving the fishermen of a fishing boat.
Science and technology is a key factor in the Startup India Programme launched in January 2016.
India will never forget the fearlessness with which our courageous soldiers gave a befitting & unforgettable reply to the intruders.
Expanding Cooperation: Science & Technology and Health
In this connection, the following decisions were also taken:-
India is celebrating the centenary of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay as Garib Kalyan Varsh.
Chancellor Angela Merkel hosted an informal dinner for Prime Minister Modi at the Schloss Meseberg, outside Berlin.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of former Member of Parliament and Speaker of the Lok Sabha Shri Somnath Chatterjee.
During his visit to India, Prime Minister Costa and I had discussed the India-Portugal International Start-up Hub.
Indeed, that exactly was the topic of discussion on the radio.
Any further request for incurring the person days would be considered as per the requirement projected by the State.
Today, over thirty Asian countries have dedicated institutions leading disaster risk management efforts.
The Bhil tribes of Central India and specially those in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh worship Peepal and Arjun trees religiously.
The plates bear their signatures that appear to have been cut into the plates by a local workman unfamiliar with the script.
7. Prime Minister Modi warmly recalled his recent visit to the Maldives to attend the swearing-in ceremony of President Solih as his special guest.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore.
Addressing a huge gathering, the Prime Minister said that farmers of North Gujarat have shown the world what they are capable of.
India was amongst the first countries to establish diplomatic relations with the European Economic Community in 1962.
It is also a fact that Kashmiri Pandits have been displaced from their centuries-old ancestral dwellings in Kashmir Valley.
The results came on May 16th.
He said that by converting bio-waste to biofuel, India is converting a challenge into an opportunity.
Government will provide one-time grant of Rs. 417.10 crore towards severance package and for clearing the current liabilities of the company.
Our three crop seasons enable us to grow food, vegetables and fruits in abundance.
Financing of works carried out under this MoU shall be provided by the respective executive organisation with due consideration of national norms and rules concerning budgetary regulations in force in their respective States and within the limits of available resources.
In the afternoon, thematic presentations will be made to the Prime Minister on subjects such as corporate governance, human resource management, financial re-engineering, and innovation.
I am convinced we can strengthen both our economies through such a partnership.
The holy month of Ramzan is observed all across, in prayer with piety.
He said, “New power projects in region will provide employment to youth”.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, the Bangladesh Prime Minister, Sheikh Hasina, and the Chief Minister of West Bengal, Ms. Mamata Banerjee, today jointly inaugurated a series of connectivity projects between the two countries.
Your workforce is sought after in Africa.
As part of this policy, we are focussing on reducing the isolation of the region by improving all round connectivity through road, rail, telecom, power and waterways sectors.
MoU on Postal Cooperation.
Riddhiraj excelled both in Mathematics and Science, for Middle East, to win a total of 80 Kuwait Dinars.
“Greetings on World Radio Day.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of theMemorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed with the Federal Transport Authority – Land & Maritime of the United Arab Emirates on Technical Cooperation in Rail Sector.
And, every visit has been unique, special, educative and deeply rewarding.
The whole world including India enjoyed this mega festival of sports and this whole tournament was both full of interest and entertainment for football lovers.
Highlights of the KisanMandi:-
The objective of the MoU is to promote cooperation in the fields of science and technology between India and Indonesia on the basis of equality and mutual benefit.
People have shared their experiences, conveying the rise of selfless volunteerism as a consequence of ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
“Statehood Day greetings to the people of Nagaland.
Yes, if you have someone nearby who knows Yoga, and if you ask them during your exams, and even if you have never done Yoga before, they will surely be able to tell you a few things to do in Yoga that can very easily be done in a few minutes.
b) To exchange information and data related to tourism
India has become a hope for all the other countries as far as global warming is concerned.
This train will connect Varanasi with Surat and Vadodara in Gujarat.
Information being received from common citizens is many times higher than that being obtained through government machinery.
The Prime Minister visited the Centre for Innovation and Technological Development at the Science and Technology Park at Maluana.
Because they ended on Mahatma Gandhi’s birthday.
47. Both sides expressed the desire to broaden people-to-people interactions and to increase two-way tourism by addressing challenges with regard to consular and immigration related issues.
This collaboration has been fruitful and beneficial for both countries and the ties of both countries will continue to grow from strength to strength over the years.
Congratulating the participants and winners of the National Youth Parliament Festival 2019, Prime Minister appreciated their energy and devotion.
Forts are symbols of our heritage.
Some people say corruption as a way of life.
He said that as work progresses in India, in these areas, one of the targets is “Solve for India, Solve for the World.
When the people decide they want to achieve something, no force can stop them.
He suggested linking sanitary practices, products and technologies with the requirements of school going girls.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the brave Indian soldiers who laid down their lives to liberate Haifa in 1918.
Today, India is on the path of several major transformations.
“Absolutely shocked by the sudden demise of my friend and a very respected colleague, Environment Minister Anil Madhav Dave ji.
There have been many surveys and several opinion polls.
For the first time, employment generation and tax has been linked.
We look forward to engaging with Portugal in the Atlantic International Research Centre, both in the Space and Ocean Science fields.
The Prime Minister said that we want to make our youth job creators.
I have to remain deeply absorbed in files, but for my own self, I have developed a habit of reading daily, at least a few of the letters I receive and because of that I get a chance to connect with the common man.
Whatever comes out, will be put out
Now why have these people taken the money?
The hospital will have 20 Speciality/Super-Speciality Departments including 15 Operation Theatres.
My dear citizens,
He said, rumours are now being spread about the Financial Regulation and Deposit Insurance (FRDI) Bill.
I specifically thank Prime Minister Rutte and the Government of Netherlands for the assistance in safe extraction of Indian nationals at the time of hurricane that came in Sint Maarten in September 2017.
As the new government of Myanmar starts its journey to:
Cabinet approves the terms and conditions for transfer of 12 acres of land of Indu-6 Mill for construction of Dr. B.R. Ambedkar memorial
India has jumped thirty ranks this year, in the World Bank Doing Business rankings.
This is a quiz competition on India meant for the young Indian diaspora.
The Prime Minister recalled that on May 11, 1998, he surprised the world through the nuclear tests.
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students.
Prime Minister Netanyahu and I have had productive discussions covering an extensive menu of issues.
Every Indian needs quality health service.
In this context, they agreed to bring about overall socio-economic development in the State by undertaking both infrastructure and socio-economic projects, particularly in the spheres of education, health, agriculture and allied activities, agro-processing, community development, construction of small bridges, upgradation of roads, small power projects, livelihood activity, setting up of training centres, promotion of household crafts, conservation of environment and cultural heritage.
Our companies are adopting latest technologies to improve efficiency, increase safety and reduce costs.
The Prime Minister said that India has never attacked another nation.
You may recall that earlier the Union Budget was presented at 5.00 pm.
• Kaladan project, with its port and waterway segment nearing completion later this year;
My dear countrymen, I am glad that every time, I request people for suggestions in Mann Ki Baat, numerous suggestions pour in.
The Prime Minister highlighted the various initiatives taken by the Union Government to curb the menace of drug addiction.
MOUs/Agreements between India and Sweden
Bilateral meetings with participating countries on the sidelines of BRICS meetings are also planned.
Addressing the business leaders the Prime Minister said that India’s economy is growing rapidly and the coming together of our development needs and Swiss strengths can be beneficial.
If one possesses the will & the determination, a firm resolve to achieve something, nothing is impossible.
The year 2018 is about to conclude.
The Prime Minister attended a ceremony for the return of idols to India.
He will also address a public gathering in the city.
I was then a party worker with the Bharatiya Janata Party organization in Himachal.
The MoUwill enable technical cooperation in the following areas:-
This is a gift from my side from the ramparts of the Red Fort, to the daughters who are in uniformed services and have dedicated their lives to the nation.
India strongly believes that its economic growth must drive and bring benefit to its neighbours.
And, when a new dawn broke over Afghanistan in 2001, we resumed the project.
He is also remembered for his work in the education sector, and other social causes.
He will also lay the foundation stone of Jodiya Desalination Plant and Und-3 to Venu-2 Lift Irrigation scheme
Rural road connectivity is now 90 %.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved the revision in the wage structure and allowances of Gramin Dak Sevaks (GDS) of the Department of Posts.
Flying Officer Avni is from Rewa in Madhya Pradesh, Flying Officer Bhawana is from Begusarai in Bihar and Flying Officer Mohana is from Vadodara in Gujarat.
The Prime Minister reiterated the importance of completing projects in time, so that cost overruns could be avoided, and the benefits of projects could reach the people, as originally envisaged.
Tasks are not finished on the basis of government money alone, but when people decide then the work happens automatically and that is why I invite you people.
You will be able to compete for positions and jobs here and anywhere in the world.
Together we’re building limitless possibilities for the future.”
2. Do you think the evil of corruption and black money needs to be fought and eliminated? a.
The existing rates of monthly contribution will continue.
MoC between The Ministry of AYUSH of Republic of India and the Kanagawa Prefectural Government of Japan in the field of Healthcare and Wellness
Similarly, when you are sturdy as a nation, you can be at peace with others.
Like Gandhiji, Deen Dayal Upadhyayji also talked about the last person at the farthest fringes.
Prime minister Modi extended an invitation to President Solih to make a State Visit to India at his earliest convenience.
We have also moved up 16 places on the Global Innovation Index of WIPO in 2016.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its approval to the proposal to complete the balance works of the North Koel Reservoir Project in Jharkhand and Bihar at an estimated expenditure of Rs.1622.27 crore to be incurred during three financial years from the start of the project.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to enhance the grant of compensation to the civilian victims under the scheme titled “Central Scheme for Assistance to Civilian Victims of Terrorist/ Communal/Left Wing Extremist (LWE), Cross Border Firing and Mine/IED blasts on Indian Territory” from Rs.3 lakhs to Rs.5 lakhs.
He will lay foundation stone of Dhule-Nardana railway Line and Jalgaon – Manmad 3rd Railway Line.
After receiving the reports of Remote Sensing Imagery and Inter Department Coordination, the district administration took up the responsibility of soil and water conservation on a massive scale.
My New India Youth should come forward and deliberate on how this New India would be formed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa today jointly visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon.
I am here to assure the people and Government of Kenya that India stands by you.
We remember & celebrate the life & teachings of Jesus Christ.
We are particularly keen to develop India into a knowledge based, skill supported and technology driven society.
On agriculture, the Prime Minister said that corporate investment in this sector is very low in India.
He spoke about the recently launched National Nutrition Mission.
He said a direct link is being established between the River Ganga, and Kashi Vishwanath Temple.
At the same time, more and more Indian students are choosing to pursue advance academics and research in your best universities.
We would encourage the BRICS Business Council to work closely with the NDB on identifying and implementing prospective economic projects.
With this approval, the existing society “National Health Agency” has been dissolved and will be replaced by National Health Authority as an attached office to Ministry of Health & Family Welfare.
These were the times when people all over the country pondered eagerly everyday on the line-up of sportspersons, scheduled for their respective performances.
The Prime Minister said the whole world today has trust in India, has expectations from India, and wants to partner with India.
Mr. Modi said that India is now confident of finding its own solutions to the problems it faces and this he said is a sign of a New India which is confident and capable of taking issues head on and resolving them.
In 2014, the General Elections conincided with the Odisha Assembly elections.
The Prime Minister said that it is alarming to see many youngsters getting addicted to substance abuse.
The benefits of Kisan Credit Card have also been launched for our fishermen and women.
Therefore, we are continuously working to improve our investment climate.
New AIIMS will have 15-20 Super Specialty Departments.
Summing up the interaction, the Prime Minister appreciated the role of the Swachhagrahis, and said their role would always be remembered in history.
Making Agra Tourist Friendly Smart City – Integrated Command and Control Centre for Agra Smart City To be Built
During the interaction, the Prime Minister congratulated the award winners for their pioneering achievements, both in their individual capacities, and as torchbearers in their respective fields as well.
There are some who are in the habit of chatting over the phone for long hours before going to sleep.
The aim is to work together to develop a mutually beneficial relationship in the best interest of members, students and their organizations.
The two Prime Ministers had earlier met during the first India- Nordic summit in Stockholm in April 2018.
The government must be compelled to prioritize their issues.
However, FII/FPI purchases were restricted to secondary market only.
Further, LIC would gain in terms of furthering the realisation of its vision of becoming a financial conglomerate.
The Prime Minister said that the BHIM App is positively impacting several lives across the nation.
Recalling his review in April 2015, the Prime Minister called for using available and existing technological solutions to address the problems being faced by the people.
In doing this, digital technology has played a key role.
“A grateful nation salutes our valorous air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
I invite you to join us on that journey.
Prime Minister will visit the Hospital and interact with students and faculty of the hospital.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the commitment of Bihar Chief Minister Shri Nitish Kumar, towards the progress of the State is commendable.
There is need to bring about a paradigm shift in urban planning, by adopting a people-centric approach, and integrating land-use and transport.
In the life of every teacher, there are incidents of simple efforts that succeeded in bringing about a transformation in somebody’s life.
Foundation stone of the new AIIMS at Vijaipur , Samba in Jammu laid by PM
Climate change is a challenge for each one of us.
1. NJMC has been incurring losses for several years and was under reference to BIFR since 1993.
He said this would greatly help in improving effectiveness of the exercise.
a. Wildlife Forensics and Conservation Genetics: Useful in species conservation efforts and better scientific evidence collection in wild life crimes leading to better enforcement.
The scheme has been running since 2006-07.
If today I run at a speed of 100, I keep an aim of running at 200.
The highlights of the scheme are as follows:-
11. Acknowledging and commending their strong bilateral security cooperation, the two leaders agreed to enhance cooperation in counter-terrorism operations, intelligence sharing and capacity-building and to strengthen cooperation in law enforcement, anti-money laundering, drug-trafficking and other transnational crimes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has strongly condemned the terror attack in Mazar-i-sharif, Afghanistan.
What was the dream that he envisioned after Independence?
ii. Improvement in AYUSH education through well-equipped enhanced number of AYUSH Educational institutions.
“Greetings and best wishes toCentral Industrial Security Forceon their Raising Day.
We both value the need to maintain balance between economic growth and preserving our civilizational ethos.
He further said that the return will be accepted through self-certification.
Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Programme
India is proud to participate actively in the ongoing development activities in Mauritius.
My colleagues of the Council of Ministers, Shri Thawar Chand Gehlot ji,
India has emerged as a land of opportunities.
Almost 300 million bank accounts with deposits of over 685 billion rupees, or over 10 billion dollars, have been opened through the Jan Dhan Yojana.
The momentum of the recent initiatives taken to eradicate child labour has to be maintained as elimination of child labour is also crucial for the attainment of Sustainable Development Goals by 2030.
• 2-lane construction of Maheshkhunt-Saharsa-Purnea section of NH 107
He said AMRUT should focus on citizen-centric reforms.
And, its engines to run on world class network of rail, roads, airports and digital connectivity.
During the G20 Summit in Buenos Aires President Macri made the pleasant announcement that during the 75th year of India’s independence in 2022 India will be hosting the G20 Summit.
The two sides will also explore the possibility of establishing an India-RoK technology exchange centre.
More than 2 crore poor mothers and sisters are no longer using the fuel wood and using LPG gas stove NOW.
For, it is from here that the Chishti Silsila or Chishti tradition of Sufism came to India.
Information and Communications Technology will forge new bonds of digital connectivity among us.
Theytook note of the UN Secretary-General’s reform efforts to ensure a UN fit to support Member States to deliver on Agenda 2030.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will address two important video conferences on 31st December and 1st January.
We applaud the leadership shown by Prime Minister Jugnauth in drawing attention to the importance of renewable energy.
In a way it has more than doubled.
The Commonwealth is a unique multilateral grouping that not only provides useful assistance to its developing country members, particularly the small states and small-island developing states, but also has a strong international voice for development issues.
I do deep-breathing.
Where the journey to progress is powered by one and all, instead of a select few.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Zambia in the field of Judicial Cooperation.
At the same time, it was special.
You also talk about the same thing with your friends over the phone.
The financial resources necessary to conduct research, training courses, conferences / meetings will be met from the existing allocated budget and existing plan schemes of the National Medicinal Plants Board, Ministry of AYUSH.
These interactions will help to further strengthen our trade and investment ties, and cooperation in new areas, such as healthcare, digital technologies, agriculture and food processing, disaster risk reduction and disaster resilient infrastructure.
I will arrive in Hangzhou from Vietnam where I would have concluded an important bilateral visit.
There are opportunities in so many areas now, the Prime Minister said.
The delegation was appreciative of the Saudi Government’s decision to increase the number of Haj pilgrims from India, and thanked the Prime Minister for having successfully pursued the same.
Salient Features of New Pension Scheme for Employees of FCI
He said the world must walk on the path of peace, which brings happiness and prosperity.
Other distinguished dignitaries
All you need is doggedness, dedication and tenacity.
It will bring together a coalition of 121 countries for mutual gains through enhanced solar energy utilisation.
The above term loan proposed to be extended to Punjab Government in current financial year 2016-17 will not be counted in the fiscal deficit limit of Punjab Government in 2016-17.
Let us come together and make this a Festival of Resolve.
In this context, they emphasised the need for reform in global governance architecture such as UN Security Council, WTO, international financial systems, etc.
From Kutch to Kamrup, from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, everyone is endeavoring to contribute in some way or the other so that wherever a disaster strikes, be it Kerala or any other part of India, human life returns to normalcy.
The Prime Minister shall then arrive in JanjgirChampa, in Chhattisgarh.
The MoU will provide an institutional mechanism between India and Zimbabwe for cooperation in the identified fields.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
Relief efforts have been undertaken on an extensive cale.
The MoU was signed on 29th November, 2017 in New Delhi.
The gap between demand and supply is being met through imports, which amounted to Rs. 68,000 crores in 2015-16 (Prov.).
Perhaps the simplest definition of Arbitration comes from Mahatma Gandhi, who said:
He emphasized the importance of connectivity, in the 21st century.
Every athlete who took part in the Games is India’s pride.
Cooperation on counter-piracy on seas;
Prime Minister spoke to External Afairs Minister Smt.
The strength and resilience of partnerships come not just from arithmetic of numbers, but also from the underpinnings of the relationship.
We are proud of the work of Indian peacekeepers in over a dozen UN peacekeeping missions in Africa, since our first mission in Congo in 1960.
It will ensure water availability to boost industrial and commercial growth.
The saints of our country have always inspired the society that if any religion is superior to any other religion, that is human religion.
Prime Minister highlighted India’s hugely successful space program and robust digital infrastructure being built in India.
3. The Adjudicating Authority and Appellate Tribunal shall sit in the National Capital Territory of Delhi (NCTD).
In order to facilitate such persons in acquisition of citizenship by amending Citizenship Rules 2009, the provisions will help in the following ways:-
Be it the Indus, the Ganges, the Yamuna or the Saraswati – our rivers and seas are both economically and strategically important.
My heartiest greetings to all of you on the occasion of Ganeshotsav.
Many entrepreneurs are involved in promoting Yoga, spirituality, and traditional Ayurvedic products.
Addressing a large Kisan Sammelan, the Prime Minister recalled former Prime Minister, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, who, he said, had created three new States – Uttarakhand, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh.
51. The Sides welcomed the positive developments in the Korean peninsula and conveyed their support for efforts to bring about lasting peace and stability in this sub-region through diplomacy and dialogue.
First of all as I said, will you be able to keep this pace?
King Bhumibol Adulyadej or Rama 9, was widely revered by his people.
The ASEAN-India partnership will play a defining role in both.
We will take a decision on that after both sides have come to an agreement on Jerusalem.”
If we have to develop the next generation innovators, we shall have to link our children with it.
They try to meet felt needs by making processes more convenient and comfortable for the end user.
Thousands of Indian-origin people call Mozambique their home.
The longstandingcultural and historical linkages between our societies form a solid foundation of our ties.
This issue was always stalled in the Parliament.
Your signature is a testimony to the trust in the truth.
26. We acknowledge the outcomes of the 4th BRICS Environment Ministers Meeting which was held under the theme “Strengthening cooperation amongst BRICS on Circular Economy in the context of the Sustainable Consumption and Production (SCP)”.
He said the areas of the country that are near the sea, can become centres of our blue revolution.
In the field of women empowerment, the Prime Minister explained how toilets built under Swachh Bharat Mission, and LPG connections under Ujjwala Yojana are making the lives of women easier.
Six women officers of the Indian Navy, who are due to circumnavigate the globe on the sailing vessel, INSV Tarini, called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed two important events, via video-conference, on the occasion of National Youth Day.
Dr. M. Karunanidhi was also famous for his writing and oratorical skills.
b) the Search and Rescue Convention 1979
He is getting opportunities to stand on his feet.
We express our deep sorrow at the passing of His Majesty Bhumibol Adulyadej whose contributions to global development have been recognised by the United Nations in its First Human Development Lifetime Achievement Award.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding between Taipei Economic and Cultural Centre in India and India Taipei Association in Taipei, Taiwan for cooperation in the field of Agriculture and Allied Sector.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to former Prime Minister, Shri Chaudhary Charan Singh, on his birth anniversary.
The concessional financing system to Bangladesh would strengthen bilateral relations and development cooperation between India and Bangladesh.
You referred to the Upper House.
Our Country leaves, no stone unturned to ensure that every citizen of India who is a registered voter, rightfully avails of the opportunity to cast his vote.
Background
The way the nation has supported our armed forces is extra-ordinary and I bow to every Indian for that.
Mentioning the target of New India by 2022, the Prime Minister emphasized that this can be achieved only by making it a people’s movement.
India’s economy is expected to grow five fold by 2040.
Once again, let me invite you to make your contribution to this grand sacrifice for cleansing our country, just as you cleaned up your surroundings during Diwali.
In the course of the day, the Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti, and Kanyakumari.
In keeping with the vision of Prime Minister’s vision of “Make in India”, the major systems of the train have been designed and built in India.
Expressing delight at interacting with Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana beneficiaries, Prime Minister said that such interactions help in understanding various aspects of the scheme, including areas that needs to be improved.
But, our common cultural, religious and spiritual heritage ensured that we remain close and connected.
· Meeting of BRICS Senior Officials on Education – 9 July (Cape Town)
It will further offer a platform for businesses in both countries to execute profitable ventures.
Shri Narendra Modi announced the launch of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Abhiyaan on 25th September this year – the anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the auspicious occasion of Milad-un-Nabi.
This has approached 10 billion dollars, creating over 20,000 jobs locally.
We call for expeditious finalisation and adoption of the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism (CCIT) by the United Nations General Assembly.
We need to move to responsible pricing, which balances the interests of both the producer and consumer.
This comes13 years after the last major central sector hydro-power project in the North-Eastern Region–the Kopili Stage-II.
Given the past gains, the two parties will now work together towards participatory design of governance processes and effective implementation of laws, policies and programmes to promote gender responsive governance.
At what point do we stop before we are seen like an American ally?
Shri K N Vyas Secretary, DAE
Mentioning the Swachhata rankings of cities, the Prime Minister said they have engendered a positive, competitive atmosphere.
Friends, it is correct that despite attaining average growth rate of 7.5% over the past three years, GDP growth rate in April-June period this year saw a decline.
India’s rapid growth can bring dividends for the entire region, especially in Sri Lanka.
DST will provide grant-in-aid support to IGCS for undertaking research in the areas of climate change for sustainable development.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Cadre review and formation of a new service in the name of Índian Enterprise Development Service (IEDS)’ in the Office of Development Commissioner (MSME), Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises(MSME).
Introduction of Complaint Portal for the use of port users.
• Marketing and pricing freedom for the crude oil and natural gas produced
This is our faith, the faith of 125 crore people; and that is why the path of violence in the name of faith can never succeed in this country.
Sweden is a valuable partner in our development initiatives.
He described the Statue of Unity as a symbol of the self-respect of the farmers who gave soil from their land, and iron from their farming implements for the Statue.
39. The leaders reiterated the importance of reconciling economic growth and environment protection.
He emphasized the importance of breaking silos, and efficient internal communication between various departments of the Government.
The programme will support hundred million poor families.
India and Iran share several common features in their language. culture and traditions and also share a common legacy of using herbal medicines.
22. The Sides supported the early launch of the Green Corridor project aimed at the simplification of customs operations in respect of goods being transported between India and Russia.
Applauding the efforts of NRIs, particularly Saurashtra Patel community, Prime Minister said that NRIs have always made India proud.
Hope that rapid progress can be achieved.
Addressing the media after the meeting, Prime Minister Modi appreciated Chancellor Merkel’s vision for Europe and for the world.
This will mark the official launch of the PM KISAN scheme.
The BRICS Trade Fair and Exhibition just concluded in New Delhi should become a regular platform for business exchanges.
There is no reason for a tourist to not want to visit Meghalaya.
On the last Wednesday of every month, I sit with all secretaries of government of India and chief secretaries of state governments and review such delayed projects.
Every citizen of the country wants to do something for the benefit of others, for social good, for the country’s progress.
The issue of Social justice is linked to conflict within and among communities.
Themes such as clean coal, electric mobility, science and technology cooperation, cyber-security and aviation security came up for discussion.
vii. CPSEs must ensure that any increase in wages after negotiations does not result in increase in administered prices of their goods and services.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
As popular business hubs, they also rank high in the levels of Ease of Doing Business.
Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of Sela Tunnel in Arunachal Pradesh.
We also welcomed the establishment of a FinTech dialogue between our two countries – including the proposed new regulatory cooperation agreement.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi also hosted an official lunch for President Ibrahim Mohamed Solih and the accompanying delegation.
In conclusion, let me again join my people in expressing our profound appreciation to each one of you for kindly accepting my invitation and for joining us at this Commemorative Summit.
More stringent actions are in store for the companies who will break the law in future.
The objective of this MoU is to facilitate and strengthen India-UK institutional cooperation in the field of sustainable urban development.
India was ranked number one in the world in 2016 in greenfield investment.
The Prime Minister also briefly interacted with the family members of Dr. Kalam.
It has revealed to the entire world that India is the land of great scientists and with a strong leadership, India can reach loftier destinations and earn new laurels.
My dear countrymen, Navratras are going on.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working with a new vision for agriculture and farmers, by trying to fundamentally solve problems associated with agriculture.
It also brings our people closer and facilitates enhanced science, education, culture and tourism cooperation.
He said that Indian Industry had joined all other sections of Indian society, in national interest, at that time.
He urged the Sadhu Vaswani Mission to join this effort, in whatever ways it can.
Let me tell you a little more about what is happening in India now.
He said unprecedented investment is being made in the creation of modern infrastructure and connectivity in India.
The Bill had been examined by the Standing Committee of Parliament which had made a number of recommendations for changing the provisions of the Bill.
Much credit goes to President Atambaev for nurturing and building strong foundations of democracy in Kyrgyz Republic.
Over a 6 million strong Indian diaspora in the region — rooted in diversity and steeped in dynamism — constitutes an extraordinary human bond between us.
20. On the Middle East Peace Process, India and the EU reiterated calls on parties to engage constructively so that a just, lasting and comprehensive resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, based on the two-state solution, could be achieved on the basis of relevant United Nations resolutions, the Madrid Principles, the Arab Peace Initiative, for peace and stability in the Middle East.
Excellency, both our countries suffered under the colonial rule.
My dear countrymen, I maintain time & again that we should keep re – visiting the annals of our history, traditions and culture.
Time and again I have witnessed a similar spirit in the Indian Parliament.’
It is a run of river project across River Chenab and once completed, the project will generate 2272 Million Units of electricity annually.
It leads to transparency and accountability in the governance and fosters equitable growth.
Measures to improve air quality;
Inflation is low, running at less than 4 per cent compared to double digit inflation under the previous government.
Large countries cannot do the same.
The other existing schemes of Department of Food and Public Distribution (DFPD) for procurement of paddy, wheat and nutri-cereals/coarse grains and of Ministry of Textile for cotton and jute will be continued for providing MSP to farmers for these crops.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has wished the very best to the athletes representing India at the Rio 2016 Paralympics, starting from 7th September.
The approval would allow to increase the maximum rate at which the Compensation Cess can be levied from 15% to 25% on:
One police officer P. Vijayan initiated a programme Punyam Poonkavanam and commenced a voluntary campaign of creating awareness on cleanliness.
He encouraged the athletes to perform to the best of their ability in the world’s biggest sporting arena.
Knowledge management center will be developed in the second phase, with grants and assistance from departments, which funds similar initiatives.
He spoke of the impressive export performance of this sector.
He said he wants to convert these districts, hitherto labelled as “backward” into aspirational and ambitious districts.
Millions of devotees come to this world famous temple, seeking blessings of Lord Ayyappa Swami.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approvedthe proposal of Jammu &Kashmir Government regarding amendment to the Constitution (Application to Jammu & Kashmir) 0rder, 1954 by way of the Constitution (Application to Jammu & Kashmir) Amendment Order, 2019.
The Prime Minister said that such events should also be held in far-flung areas.
Every devotee considers doing physical labour in the cleanliness drive as a part of the Lord’s worship.
He also visited the Operations Control Room of the Power Station.
This will be Shri Narendra Modi’s first visit to the town, since assuming the office of Prime Minister.
Nowadays, disaster management has assumed immense significance.
At the same time, we also come to know about our culture and traditions.
The Prime Minister described protection of environment as an article of faith for Indians, and a centuries old tradition.
Excellency and Friends, My visit marks a path breaking journey of engagement.
The proposed institution shall have a hospital with capacity of 750 beds which will include Emergency / Trauma Beds, AYUSH Beds, Private Beds and ICU Speciality& Super Speciality beds.
Earlier, when I used to visit Rajkot I used to find a small tank just outside every house hold with which was fitted a tap.
They overcame steep odds, showed great determination and achieved great heights.
Shri Piyush Goyal
Foreign investment in “Other Financial Services”, which are not regulated by any regulators / Government Agency, can be made on approval route.
He said India has the opportunity to play a key global role.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed via Video Conference, the Valedictory Function of the 125th Anniversary of Swami Vivekanand’s Chicago speech, organized by Sri Ramakrishna Math at Coimbatore.
The MOU provides a structured framework for cooperation on domestic workers related matters and provides strengthened safeguards for Indian domestic workers including female workers deployed in Kuwait.
In order to facilitate passport services and reduce the travel hassle for the people, the Prime Minister will inaugurate New Passport SewaKendras at Jagatsingh, Kendrapara, Puri, Kandhmal, Bargarh and Balangir.It will immensely benefit the people from these regions since they had to visit Bhubaneshwar for passport related services.
Mr. Luis Miguel Etchevehere, Secretary, Agro Industry
Both leaders expressed their happiness at the close and regular consultations between India and Afghanistan at all levels, which have served to guide their strategic partnership and strengthen all-round cooperation.
For strengthening of NH-234, PM will lay the foundation stone for the widening and strengthening of carriage ways and culverts.
There are attractive fiscal incentives from the Union and State Governments.
And, its only aim is to support Sri Lanka in realizing a peaceful, prosperous and secure future for its people.
The Prime Minister spoke of the importance of Africa in India’s foreign policy.
Along with Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina ji, I am also honoured to release the Hindi translation of Bangbandhu’s ‘Unfinished Memoirs’.
He will unveil the plaque to inaugurate the Museum on Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and Indian National Army.
I congratulate the Finance Minister once again to present this FUTURE in the budget.
The MoU intends cooperation between India and Belgium including sharing of best practices in the area of ICT&E policy; Digital agenda technology and research with special emphasis on developing ICT&E manufacturing and services; e-Governance and e-Public Service Delivery, participation in conferences, study visits and exchange of experts, cyber security and to resolve issues of data adequacy, market access, trade and services.
I now turn specifically, to food processing.
The estimated cost of the project is Rs. 1102.38 crore including operational expenses for 5 years.
This was the fourth such group to meet the Prime Minister.
i. IIMs can grant degrees to their students
We are proud of Kochi Refinery’s contributions towards Nation Building.
Scientists and fishermen alike have pointed to signs of trouble.
Now the kind of arithmetic which is working out, I hope that this decision is passed in favour of the poor.
Today, we have released a commemorative stamp celebrating two dance forms.
The Agreement is expected to create employment in the areas of smart cities development, urban mass transportation systems, urban settlements and utilities (Water supply and sewerage systems), disposal and treatment of solid waste, landfill remediation, affordable housing, waste management, urban environment and heritage preservation.
Initial validity of Industrial License has been increased from 3 years to 15 years, with provision to further extend it by 3 years.
• Existing Over Draft (OD) limit of Rs 5,000 to be raised to Rs 10,000.
We have seen a major shift towards our neighbours captured in our determined “Neighbourhood-first” approach.
(i) Increasing permissible overtime up to 100 hours per quarter in Made-ups manufacturing sector,
He said Varanasi is among the select cities in the country where Piped Cooking Gas is being made available.
In this context, he gave the example of electronics manufacturing.
Young people make elaborate preparations, they are full of vigour.
Further, shifting of the cemetery to new location will result in its operationalization.
Modern lifestyle takes a toll on the body as well as the mind.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered Acharya Kripalani, on his birth anniversary.
Whether you brew up storms
“Pt Lacchu Maharaj’s demise is a big loss to the world of Indian classical music.
I want to tell you about a friend of mine.
The developmental efforts have resulted in area expansion under oil palm from 8585 hectare in-1991-92 to around 3 lakh hectare by the end of 2015-16.
Speaking on achievements in the space sector, the Prime Minister mentioned the success of Cartosat 2 and other satellites.
PM said “we are specially committed to the cause of overall development of tribals from Jandhan to Vandhan.
The decision commits Members to engage constructively in finding a permanent solution to this issue.
And, friends, once you take a vow then I can say with confidence that nobody will try to evade taxes.
He emphasized the importance of the food processing sector, warehouse development, and technology inputs, in this sector.
41. The Prime Minister and His Royal Highness reiterated to continue the ongoing close cooperation on a range of security issues, particularly on maritime security, law enforcement, anti-money laundering, drug trafficking, human trafficking, illegal migration, and other transnational organized crimes.
Recently, the Forward Markets Commission has been abolished.
Today our satellites are a symbol of the country’s growing might.
And everybody feels that the people should get the right news and good news.
The Prime Minister said that the forces of humanity across the world must now unite against terrorism.
But very few people know the fact that the slogan, ‘Quit India’ was coined by Dr. Yusuf Meher Ali.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister complimented the young officers, for their in-depth presentations.
He said that bravery is a state of mind; a healthy body helps, but the prime moving force is the mind.
The Prime Minister appreciated the contribution of Kutchi samaj towards all round development especially their role in the reconstruction and rehabilitation after the earthquake in Kutch in 2001.
Plus there are thousands of medium and small dams.
The Institute shall be open to all persons irrespective of gender, caste, creed, disability, domicile, ethnicity, social or economic background.
It is a matter of great privilege that you will be the Guest of Honour at our 70th Republic Day Parade tomorrow.
Indian participation include majors like Tata, L&T, Kalyani, Bharat Forge, Mahindra, MKU, DRDO, HAL, BEL, BDL, BEML, MDL, GRSE, GSL, HSL, MIDHANI, Ordnance Factories, and many others.
23. India’s stature in the world is rising.
When I’d declared that I would talk on this topic, many teachers, guardians and students sent me their messages, questions, suggestions and also expressed their anguish and narrated their problems.
And government of India is taking an important step to realise the dreams of Dinakar Ji.
Speaking on the Punchhi Commission’s recommendations, the Prime Minister said that the deliberations today marked a good beginning.
A broad approach of humanism and tolerance and a conviction that faith should unite rather than divide can be a positive factor in international relations.
The spirit of village should not die.
I hope that the North Eastern states will make the best use of the scheme to develop tourist circuits and attract tourists from all over the world.
Speaking about demonetisation, PM Modi said that the Government has been successful in weakening the hands of terrorists and those in fake currency rackets.
I deliberated a lot with experts about how to make India, a thought leader, in the field of Finance.
Therefore the government aims at providing every poor of the village and the city with his own house by the year 2022.
The prototypes developed were exhibited by the young student innovators before Prime Minister of India Shri Narendra Modi and President of Russian Federation, Mr. Vladimir Putin and on 5th October, 2018.
Rashtriya Kamdhenu Aayog is being set up for conservation, protection and development of cows.
The two leaders also appreciated the successful conclusion of the India-Afghanistan trade and investment show in Mumbai from September 12-15, 2018 and expressed determination to strengthen connectivity, including through Chabahar port and Air-Freight Corridor.
HarivanshJi joined Ravivar newspaper in Bihar.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will dedicate the world’s tallest statue, the “Statue of Unity”, to the Nation, at Kevadiya in Gujarat on October 31, 2018.
Why could the problems of our people not be resolved, he asked.
The key objectives of the policy are:
We shall give special emphasis to youth exchanges in our technical and economic cooperation programme with Kyrgyz Republic.
The Prime Minister said that Vajpayee ji changed the global narrative on Kashmir.
· BRICS Space Agencies Forum (Pretoria)
The Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone for the expansion of Amul manufacturing facilities at Anand and Khatraj.
It is very important for us that developed countries open their markets, not only to goods from countries like India but also to services.
He said the challenge before everyone is now to ensure implementation and expeditious completion of the work in the 90 identified cities, with high quality.
I share the pain of all those affected by floods.
He said, “Our government allocated Rs. 44000 crore funds to Arunachal which is double the amount provided by the previous governments.”
Brothers and sisters, This government has worked to strengthen the institutional probity in the country.
At the same time, genuine grievances of every person will be heard and addressed.
My dear fellow citizens, I now wish to talk about something that will compel us all to think.
The government has sanctioned more than 1,100 crores rupees till now.
People have been ascending the Everest for years & many have managed to reach the peak successfully.
It will be done in parts of Central and South – West Indian Ridges (SWIR), located in the Indian Ocean.
The delegation also thanked the Prime Minister for the series of measures taken by the Union Government to ease the burden on Sugarcane farmers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Rajasthan tomorrow, 29th August 2017.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the bus accident in Cuttack, Odisha.
Projects under PMSSY:
The Prime Minister has also urged everyone to share their good wishes and words of encouragement for the team of Navika Sagar Parikrama, on the Narendra Modi App.
India is ready to make its space capabilities available to any country for purposes of disaster risk management.
MoU on the establishment of an Expert Group on Trade Remedy Measures to promote cooperation in areas of mutual interest.
On Afghanistan, both leaders reiterated the importance of an Afghan-led Afghan-owned reconciliation process.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO on successful launch of GSAT-11.
Our macro-economic fundamentals are strong with stable prices, a robust external sector and a fiscal situation firmly in control.
This Corporation is constructing three new bridges on Brahmaputra River.
Prime Minister Modi expressed satisfaction at developments in bilateral relations since then.
The MoU would facilitate students and faculty of Educational Institutions in Afghanistan to register and use the SWAYAM Courses.
Instead of increasing suffering, Yoga heals”, he added.
Brothers and sisters, we have formulated several schemes for empowerment of the poor.
Shareholders of the transferee bank and transferor banks shall be entitled to raise their grievances, if any, in relation to the share exchange ratio, through an expert committee.
The Treaty would provide a legal framework for seeking extradition of terrorists, economic offenders and other criminals from and to Lithuania.
Actually, we should understand the importance of these things, it will surely benefit you.
Provision of Bridge course for AYUSH practitioners to practice modern medicine removed:
Greeting the people of India on this occasion, the Prime Minister said that the entire country is celebrating Rashtriya Ekta Divas today.
Talking about the importance of technology, Prime Minister said that India has made technology a medium forattaining social justice, empowerment, inclusionand transparency.
Acknowledging the civilizational, historical and cultural linkages in our region, we recognize the rich potential for development of tourism and reiterate our keen interest in taking concrete steps to promote intra-BIMSTEC tourism including specialized tourist circuits and eco-tourism.
During the same event, Shri Narendra Modi will lay the foundation stone for the permanent campus of IIT Bhilai.
We are both committed to clean and green pathways to progress.
Our agreement to open new Border Haats will empower border communities through trade and contribute to their livelihoods.
The PPP in airport infrastructure projects has brought World class infrastructure at airports, delivery of efficient and timely services to the airport passengers, augmenting revenue stream to the Airports Authority of India without making any investment, etc. of these, for development of Greenfield Airports at Hyderabad and Bengaluru.
In order to further intensify cooperation among BRICS countries in agricultural research policy, science and technology, innovation and capacity building, including technologies for small¬holder farming in the BRICS countries, an MoU on establishment of the Agricultural Research Platform was signed by the foreign Ministers of BRICS countries in the 8th BRICS Summit held on 16th October, 2016 at Goa.
He has opened a school named ‘Asha Ashvaasan’, spending 50% of his incomefor children living in slums and hutments.
These cover a Special Safeguard Mechanism (SSM) for developing countries, public stockholding for food security purposes, a commitment to abolish export subsidies for farm exports and measures related to cotton.
We exchanged views on scaling up the Centers of Excellence that have been a main-stay of agricultural cooperation by bringing in advanced Israeli practices and technology.
These included surgeries on cattle, ultrasonography etc.
Infrastructure development a priority of Government, says PM
He said all efforts are being made to create a New India by 2022.
Her concern is very genuine.
In his address, the Prime Minister said that this celebration, “shows the impact of Swami ji’s address – how it changed the way the west saw India and how Indian thought and philosophy found its rightful place.”
· 56% of the total foreign investment in the mining sector has come in the last three years alone.
The MoU will help in establishing a partnership between DGMS and SIMTARS for:
3rd Meeting of the BRICS Urbanization Forum (14-16 September 2016, Visakhapatnam) 76.
The approval entails Ratification of the Minamata Convention on Mercury along with flexibility for continued use of mercury-based products and processes involving mercury compound up to 2025.
Indian youth should be able to compete with their counterparts in any corner of the world.
Both Sides share the view that implementation in good faith of generally recognized principles and rules of international law excludes the practice of double standards or imposition by some States of their will on other States, and consider that imposition of unilateral coercive measures not based on international law, is an example of such practice.
Now, BPCL is starting the construction of a Petro-chemical Complex where it would produce polyols that find end use in foams, fibres, foot-wear, cosmetics, and medicines.
The Prime Minister said Digital India, apart from facilitating people, is also bringing in transparency in government working, and curbing corruption.
This budget is an important step towards overall development of the nation.
We are two countries with deep historical connections and strong economic and people to people ties.
b) technology road mapping for specified Capital Goods sub-sectors,
I hope that our oil and gas sector companies will take the opportunity to tie up with their foreign counterparts to explore for more equity oil.
Noting the importance of cooperative federalism for the country’s development, the Prime Minister said the Centre and States are now working together for this objective.
• setting-up Nutrition Resource Centres, involving masses through Jan Andolan for their participation on nutrition through various activities, among others.
The growing conver-gence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the capacity to stimulate the global economy.
Response agencies need to interact with their communities, and make them familiar with the essential drill of disaster response.
In its journey of 25 years, it has created an atmosphere of hope and confidence in the countrymen.
He reiterated that the Union Government is committed to cleaning the River Ganga.
Today these diseases are known as ‘lifestyle disorders.’
This time every devotee will be able to have a darshan of the pious Akshayavat after the holy dip in the confluence.
The principal dimension of our cooperation has always been its people centric nature.
States/Districts covered:
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
With this, we are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
Noting that lack of sanitation facilities is adversely impacting the development journey of villages, the Prime Minister said that is why the Government have been working to build toilets in rural areas.
Through Jan Dhan Yojana, social security schemes, MUDRA & Stand-Up India, we have given wings to millions of aspirations.
It is but natural for us to solemnly remember SardarVallabhbhai Patel as we exalt the spirit of unity that binds our Nation, our Mother India.
The Prime Minister said the steps taken by the Government would strengthen the hands of the common citizens in the fight against corruption, black money and counterfeit notes.
‘To cheat is to be cheap, so please do not cheat’.
Friends, what can I tell you about peace of mind today, before you go for your exams.
The scheme provides subsidy for capital expenditure – 20% for investments in Special Economic Zones (SEZs) and 25% in non-SEZs.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Chhattisgarh today.
In order to leverage the pluralistic health care legacy, the policy recommends mainstreaming the different health systems.
He also took questions from the participants of the programme.
In the British era this waterway was there, at that time Mokama was known as Mini Calcutta.
I thank you for your attention.
Borooah Cancer Institute was established in 1974 in Guwahati with the aim and objective of investigation, diagnosis and treatment of cancer in the North Eastern region of India by a voluntary organization.
The Prime Minister signed the visitors’ book at the Temple, and unveiled a plaque signifying the contribution of India, in the restoration of the Ananda Temple.
India cannot be compared to small city states.
We have appealed to them and I am confident that the education institutions of our country will certainly come forward and make it a success.
He said we must not forget, and we should also make sure that the world does not forget, these sacrifices made by the jawans.
And then I saw that a lot many people came forward to donate for this cause.
76. We draw satisfaction from the progress made by the NDB in providing resources to contribute to the social, economic and environmental prospects of our countries and expect the Project Preparation Fund to be put into operation soon.
“Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas.
And in very little time, he understood that he had been looted!
On this occasion, the Prime Minister launched several important development projects as well.
Women officials will be treated at par with male counterparts.
In the year 2007, with the approval of Cabinet, India joined IVI.
Pranaam Amma
And in another way, this is the way out to save yourself from any trouble that could arise after 30th September.
Many thanks my friends, many thanks.
The Prime Minister recalled the Chief Justice of India’s appeal at Allahabad on 2nd April, for the higher judiciary to take up hearings of cases on at least some days during the vacation.
Just as Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel unified India by helping several princely states subsume into a common entity, the GST will bring economic unification.
They have not only nurtured our shared heritage.
These two qualities have been her strength.
The Prime Minister appreciated the skill and dedication of ASHA workers, and recalled that even Bill and Melinda Gates had praised the efforts of ASHAs towards eradication of diseases such as Kala Azar.
This seminar is planned with the objective to sensitize participants about opportunities in defence and aeronautics in Gujarat, and to deliberate on a way forward for India and Gujarat to emerge as a manufacturing hub for defence and aeronautics.
The decision will promote Foreign Direct Investment and private sector participation in the port sector.
India pursued Afro-Asian solidarity in Bandung.
• Implementation of this scheme would bolster the Government’s ability to address challenges faced in different theatres such as areas affected by LWE, Jammu and Kashmir and North East effectively and undertake development interventions which will catalyze in improving the quality of life in these areas and help combat these challenges effectively at the same time.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Union Government will look into their demands.
The Prime Minister’s visit to Thiruvananthapuram followed the inauguration of Kollam Bypass earlier today.
With an approved budget of Rs 1264 Crores, the construction, operation & maintenance cost of new AIIMS is being fully borne by the Central Government.
We removed discretion in allocation of key resources and moved to transparent auctions of mines, spectrum and FM radio licenses and we have plugged leakage through direct benefit transfer.
The Prime Minister also released a stamp to commemorate the anniversary of Sardar Patel.
Foreign Policy and Security Cooperation – Partners for Security.
The experts appreciated the unique initiative of this kind of a dialogue, which brings various stakeholders together on policy matters.
And I took a pledge of Swacch Bharat from the ramparts of Red Fort.
Best wishes and blessings to Hanaya.
He said that if we want to draw more tourists to Gir, we should also inspire the tourists to visit other nearby places like Dwarka.
The fruits of our friendship are not confined to Kabul, Kandahar , Mazar and Herat.
Procedure for Closure:
But, India’s ties with Southeast Asia stretch back more than two millennia.
Marking their third major bilateral summit, the leaders reviewed the deepening strategic partnership between the United States and India that is rooted in shared values of freedom, democracy, universal human rights, tolerance and pluralism, equal opportunities for all citizens, and rule of law.
India’s bilateral relationship with the United States is stronger than ever and we both agreed that the future would be even brighter.
At Rajaji Medical College, Madurai the project involves construction of 320 bedded Super Speciality Block (including 50 ICU beds) having 7 departments, viz.
Congratulations to you all on the Golden Jubilee.
We must also stress on climate justice for all vulnerable populations.
This increased disposable income in the hands of a poor family would lead to increased demand in the economy.
I also got an opportunity to perform Yoga in Chandigarh amidst thousands of Yoga lovers.
Games are not just games; they teach us values in life, such as, setting targets, building up determination, developing team spirit and fostering mutual co-operation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed students at the Grand Finale of the Smart India Hackathon, via Video Conference.
The interactions happened on various days in the month of October 2017.
There is also plan to connect Tawang by rail.
He said India’s Chartered Accountants are known the world over for their excellent financial skills.
India and the EU underline the importance of the regional and key international stakeholders to respect, support and promote a political process and its outcome in order to ensure peace, security and prosperity in Afghanistan.
Show him the path of attainment, which he can achieve in five years – so that he can experience the joy of success in life.
Similarly, the biggest challenge to Sustainable World Peace today is not necessarily from conflict between the nation states.
57. The Sides reaffirmed their commitment to fully implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
We know that both Bangladesh and West Bengal continue to have a common cultural heritage.
They will never be.
The project will also develop Government office accommodation for nearly 2.42 lakh sqm at Netaji Nagar.
“We are really proud of the victory of Kidambi Srikanth in the Australian Open.
He said India is now a member of several important multilateral organizations, and is leading the International Solar Alliance.
Eternal Vigilance is the Price of Liberty.
The award would be announced every year, recognizing the bravery and courage displayed in saving lives of people, in the wake of a disaster.
And I’m hopeful that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind in this race and it will strive to achieve this goal..
“On National Handloom Day, let us affirm that we will give an impetus to the handloom sector and use more handloom products in our daily lives.
Your Excellencies, President Tusk and President Juncker,
“I bow to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
India has improved its rank from 54 in 2014 to 35 in 2016 on the World Bank’s Logistics Performance Index.
He was a self-taught scholar.
Therefore the use of new technology in house construction would have added advantage, if tried in India.
ARNAB: Mr Prime Minister, there has been no major financial corruption or scam in your tenure in the last two years.
Can you do one thing in the memory of Babasaheb Ambedkar?
The Prime Minister appreciated Lakshadweep’s initiatives on cleanliness.
On behalf of the people and the farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the Government of Madhya Pradesh, for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
Electrification will lead to faster trains, reduced carbon emissions and sustainable environment.
Today, peace does not only mean ‘no war’.
Workshop on Skill Development (25-29 July 2016, Mumbai) 70.
A fast-paced existence brings with it lot of stress.
In September, 2016 it was noticed that the retail prices had shown a sudden spurt.
Some of you may have attended this event several times.
vi. The Bill will also have an overriding effect on any other existing law for any of the covered professions.
From the point of a foreign investor, India counts as an extremely low risk political economy.
ARNAB: Prime Minister, talking about your speech in the US Congress, and the humour that you displayed.
If we try to take a bird’s eye view of thousands of years of the onward march of human life and progress, we can easily say that this great journey has no point of culmination.
Also, three AIIMS in Nagpur (Maharashtra), Kalyani(West) and Mangalagiri in Guntur (A.P) have been sanctioned in 2015.
No one ever thought beyond this.
This Centre will act as a research, innovation and knowledge hub for trans-atlantic and north-south cooperation.
Such a democracy should become the identity of New India and we want to move towards that direction.
‘Skill India’ and ‘Start Up’ India are aimed at transforming the face of employment generation and personal enterprise in India.
c) assessment of technology status of Capital Goods Cluster;
He will launch NNM- ICDS Common Application Software.
Timely completion of projects is a priority for us, he added.
“In Delhi, I interact with so many officials, many of whom belong to Bihar,” the Prime Minister said.
There was a time when infrastructure was taken as road, rail or to a maximum airport was taken into thought.
Our parents, even today, insist on focusing on studies and academics.
Subjects such as expansion of oil and gas infrastructure in India; enhancing exploration and production; potential in solar energy and biofuels; and the Union Government’s holistic approach to the energy sector came up for discussion.
He said that by aiding small and micro businesses, the scheme has helped to strengthen people economically, socially and has given people a platform to succeed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Rising India Summit, organized by Network 18.
He added that it is a day to reflect on the supreme truth and timeless relevance of Dhamma, and the four noble truths.
As a demonstration of our commitment for Make it Kenya;
The Setting up of Medical College in Sayli in Silvassa will improve tertiary care facilities in both Dadra & Nagar Haveli and Daman & Diu, and adjoining areas.
There is confidence in our youth.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the 9th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit at Mahatma Mandir Exhibition cum Convention Centre in Gandhinagar today.
The whole of India mourned with their Thai brothers and sisters the demise of the great and popular King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
This MoU will help in promotion of sports in the two countries and will promote exchange of ideas, values and culture amongst Youth and in developing friendly relations.
The population of Noida and Greater Noida as per 2011 Census of India is about 7,50,000 and is projected to grow to 19,00,000 by the year 2021.
The Prime Minister spoke of cooperation between India and Israel for innovation in areas such as food, water, health and energy.
Features of NESIDS:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered Shyamji Krishna Varma, on his birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today flagged off the “Run For Rio” at the Major Dhyanchand National Stadium in New Delhi.
All the operational flights would be completed during the period 2019-2024.
For example, if a local fire service visits one school in its area every week, it would sensitize thousands of children over a period of one year.
It is a great pleasure to be here today.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
The United States welcomes the launch of the International Solar Alliance (ISA), recognizes the critical role it can play in the development and deployment of solar power, and intends pursuing membership in the ISA.
In order to regulate supply of sugar and address issue of speculative prices, fixing of appropriate stock limit on need basis was essential.
An MoU will be signed between the Ministry of Labour & Employment and the State Government outlining the modalities including transfer/absorption of Staff etc.
Our strength lies in each and every citizen of our country.
We will celebrate 25 years of our Dialogue Partnership, 15 years of our Summit Level interaction and 5 years of our Strategic Partnership.
Keeping in view these issues, in the last few months, the Government of India has launched a new campaign ‘Prime Minister Safe Motherhood Campaign’.
Since you belong to this field, I thought of sharing my views on this issue with you and I am quite hopeful that through this platform, it will reach out to the fellow citizens.
Consumers are also being made aware through the “Jago Grahak Jago” campaign.
I want this Government to be criticised.
The Prime Minister mentioned that the Union Budget presentation is being advanced by about a month to ensure speedier implementation of projects and schemes.
He added that efforts are on to start flights from Solapur under the Regional Air connectivity scheme- Udan Yojana.
The MoU was signed on 6th January, 2017 in New Delhi.
The Prime Minister said that Ayurveda is not just a medical practice, but encompasses public health and environment health as well.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Baripada, in Odisha today.
But in the Chola Navy, a large number of women played leading roles and that too about eight to nine hundred years ago; to the extent that women actively took part in battles.
The entire nation stands shoulder to shoulder with the families of the brave martyrs.
Vibrant Gujarat Global Trade Show to be inaugurated in Gandhinagar
The Prime Minister said India is fully alert with regard to its global, strategic and economic interests in the Indian Ocean.
This has prompted the Government to carry out a comprehensive review of its exploration policy and strategy.
He mentioned the tremendous response from people across the country, to his appeal for sending messages to soldiers as part of the #Sandesh2Soldiers campaign.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to Chief Minister of Kerala Shri Pinarayi Vijayan regarding flood situation in the state.
It is enabling entrepreneurship, ease of doing business, and creating a 21st century infrastructure for India.”
The phone banking of the UPA did wonders for the friends of their leaders.
He said that for this purpose the cost will include elements such as labour, rent for machinery, cost of seeds and fertilizers, revenue being given to State Government, interest on working capital, and rent of leased land.
(b) Transfer of 0.4 per cent. equity of RBI in NABARD amounting to Rs. 20 crores to the Government of India.
The Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark-III (GSLV Mk-III) has been developed towards achieving indigenous launch capability to launch 4 tonne class of satellites into Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO).
Amir Khusro has portrayed these moments of change of season in a very interesting manner.
Agreement would lead to develop a joint activity in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
He was happy to note that, first meal was served during the reign of Atal Behari Vajpayee jee and he has got the opportunity to serve 3rd billionth meal.
While the Round is very important for greater integration of developing countries in the global trading system, a few developed countries were strongly opposed to the continuation of the Doha Development Agenda (DDA).
The UK-India Newton-Bhabhaprogramme will have lifted joint research and innovation awards to over £400 million by 2021, since 2008.
Have a great game out there and play with calm and poise.
The Prime Minister called for establishment of some model solar cities, where the power requirement is fulfilled solely by solar energy.
Hundreds of millions of our people have been lifted out of poverty.
He spoke of the expansion of Port Blair dockyard, which will enable maintenance of big ships.
The agenda for boosting growth and employment, required many structural changes, many tough decisions and many new regulations.
These plates describe the grant of land and tax privileges by the local Hindu ruler to a church and oversight of trade in Kollam to West Asian and Indian trading associations.
The clarion call of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose for India’s independence stirred the souls of many in Myanmar.
To me, each and every individual involved in this mission constitute a new anti-corruption cadre in the country.
Noting that the U.S.-India defense relationship can be an anchor of stability, and given the increasingly strengthened cooperation in defense, the United States hereby recognizes India as a Major Defense Partner.
The festival of Rakshabandhan symbolizes the bond of love & trust between a brother & a sister.
Today on National Science Day we should resolve that innovation should gain importance.
74 percent voter turnout (out of total 58 Lakh voters) was witnessed in the Panchayat elections.
But to deal with disasters, we need to equip society with the right education.
And last year was also the silver jubilee year of our diplomatic relations.
Ambassador Haley noted the deepening relations between India and the US particularly in strategic and defence sectors.
Speaking on India’s Foreign Policy, PM said, in last 5 years, India has played a great role in humanitarian works be it relief activities during earthquake in Nepal, Water crisis in Maldives or rescuing citizens in Yemen.
The rationale for the proposed amendments are:
His cab passengers too contributed large-heartedly.
Yoga will be helpful for especially our young friends, in maintaining a healthy lifestyle and protecting them from lifestyle disorders.
This is in addition to Rs. 100 Cr. announced by the Home Minister on 12.08.2018.
As the verse 387 of Dhammapada says:
We are also focusing on building stocks of pulses by importing from abroad.
This would be more than the total requirement of a lot of countries taken together.
In Nairobi, I will offer floral tributes to Mahatma Gandhi, who is widely revered in Kenya.
We can learn from each other in the crucial area of conservation of natural assets.
He was conferred with Bharat Ratna.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
You can participate in these camps.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a new scheme for promotion of Rural Housing in the country.
And I also hope that if the house will function in a positive manner then the country will be benefitted, democracy will be strengthened and a new trust for fulfilling the expectations and hopes of common people will be created.
He said the ninth announcement is that the return under 8 labour laws and 10 Union regulations must now be filed only once a year.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Airports Authority of India (AAI) and its French counterpart, Civil Aviation Authority (DGAC), France to implement Technical Cooperation Program in civil aviation sector.
However, increase in the amount of DCRG, leave encashment and commutation of pension in respect of these pensioners shall not be increased on this account.
When policies and programmes are made with clear objectives in mind, not only are beneficiaries empowered, but both short term, and long term benefits are achieved.
And the interesting fact is that compared to last year the fertilizer sales of GNFC have gone up by 27 percent.
He will distribute certificates to best performing districts under BetiBachaoBetiPadhao program,
The Prime Minister also welcomed Maldives as the newest member of the Indian Ocean Rim Association.
The Prime Minister asserted that nations cannot progress unless they value and cherish their history and heritage.
India’s food and nutritional security issues will also be addressed.
This payment will be made before Dussehra/Puja holidays, bringing a smile to lakhs of families ahead of the festive season.
The centre is currently operational with the state-of-the-art facilities available at Indian Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS), Hyderabad.
Among the recipients of the Padma award, ShabbirSayyed of Marathwada is known as the servant of Gau-Mata.
1. At the invitation of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques His Majesty King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, Hon’ble Prime Minister of the Republic of India, Shri Narendra Modi paid a two-day official visit to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from 2-3 April 2016.
The António Champalimaud Vision Award was established in 2007 to recognise contributions to research into eyecare and vision.
The Border Haats aim at promoting the well-being of the people dwelling in remote areas across the borders of two countries, by promoting traditional system of marketing the local produce through local markets.
Prime Minister has also paid tributes to former President Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan on his Jayanti.
• Health cooperation issues particularly cancer treatment
It is dedicated to the development of all.
And India must become advanced in this manner.
He mentioned how best innovations are now being recognised and awarded at the Army Day, Navy Day, and Air Force Day.
He said that some people have the view that Modi has raised expectations as Prime Minister.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to the first President of India, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, on his Jayanti.
They were able to include almost all aspects of Hinduism in only 11 volumes.
In the same vein, he said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore belongs to Bangladesh, as much as to India.
A very warm welcome to all the delegates from across the world to the Partners’ Forum, 2018.
He said a new lease of life has been given to Alang, and steps taken for the welfare of the labourers working there.
Technology has brought about great change in the media.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone for four sewerage projects under the Namami Gange programme; and four National Highway projects, at Mokama in Bihar.
The President and I agreed that India offers excellent investment opportunities for Cypriot entrepreneurs.
The cooperation of the oil producing countries would be very critical to bridge this gap.
But one thing is for sure, especially during the days when examinations are held.
With the projected increase in the area’s population, strengthening and augmenting the existing transport infrastructure has assumed urgency.
The Prime Minister also conveyed birthday greetings in advance to two of the crew – Lt. Cdr.
Indeed, this is also the intent of this conference, aptly captured in its theme, “Addressing challenges; Achieving prosperity”.
Besides, several other pro-farmers’ initiatives such as implementation of Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, Pradhan Mantri KrishiSinchai Yojana, ParamparagatKrishi Vikas Yojana and distribution of Soil Health Cards have been undertaken.
11. Horizontal integration of all vertical disease programmes to ensure integrated approach to health and wellness.
We see problems in daily life.
About 12.30 lakh non-gazetted Railway employees are likely to benefit from the decision.
Dear countrymen, times have changed.
This woman power binds closely together society as a whole, the family as a whole, on the axis of unity & oneness.
It states that Members should adopt a phased multi-track approach implementing coherent and comprehensive strategies for promoting peace, preventing crises, enabling recovery and building resilience.
The Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Bipin Rawat, and other senior Army Officers were present on the occasion.
After 2014, a roadmap was prepared for the Ethanol Blending Programme.
The MoU was signed on 17th October 2018.
The MoU will facilitate cooperation in relation to matters within the textiles and fashion sectors that may be of mutual interest and benefit to the participants.
Lastly and importantly, he requested for review of payment terms so as to provide temporary relief to the local currency.
Mr. Na Hee-seung, President KRRI
Gol liability will be Rs. 340.60 crore on account of Grant and Subordinate Debt.
“Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia is one of the most remarkable personalities of 20th century India.
Instead, it will be applied alongside existing tax treaties, modifying their application in order to implement the BEPS measures.
15. The two leaders welcomed the positive outcomes of the 11th session of the Joint Commission Meeting held in New Delhi in May 2015 and its Review Meeting held in Riyadh in December 2015.
They will be briefed on work plan of the Centre.
I urge BPCL Kochi Refinery to keep up this spirit of hard work, social commitment and innovation as it moves towards its next phase of development.
If you closely look at our government’s way of working and our work culture for the past 3 to 3 and a half years, you will notice that we have been trying to fulfil that dream of Babasaheb’s social democracy.
Interacting with the participants, Narendra Modi said that in order to foster innovation and competition amongst youngsters, Government has started various competitions like Atal New India Challenge, Smart India Hackathon and Agriculture Grand Challenge.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Arab Emirates on the Mutual Recognition of Certificates of Competency.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
After the approval, the prisoners will be released on 2nd October 2018, 10f/l April, 2019 and 2nd October, 2019.
It has been extremely hot this year.
My question is, do you think it is right?
And, for this India-Mauritius cooperation is very very important.
That animal, bird or tree is also worshipped with the same spirit as the God or Goddess.
Giving the examples of the Jan Dhan Yojana, the construction of toilets, and rural electrification, the Prime Minister said nothing is impossible in our country if we have a firm resolve.
General Thimaiyya, who had been India’s army chief, lead the UN Peacekeeping force in Cyprus and sacrificed everything for those peace efforts.
Having a background of strong traditional medicine,there is a growing interest towards Ayurveda and Yoga in Japan.
South Asia Satellites has been a unique initiative, which has also gifted hues of development to our neighbouring Allies.
Our companies are entering into a long-term agreement for the supply of high speed diesel to Bangladesh.
India and Romania have enjoyed a strong diplomatic and long economic relationship.
The Bill is aimed at reorienting the governance model in central Ports to landlord port model in line with the successful global practice.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi dedicated the National Salt Satyagraha Memorial at Dandi in Navsari district, Gujarat to the nation today on Mahatma Gandhi’s death anniversary.
What have we come to?
This will help for completion of on-going projects for construction of 3,000 court halls and 1,800 residential units for judicial officers of District and Subordinate Courts.
An important initiative of the government is market reforms, with a view to ensuring that the farmers benefit from remunerative prices for their produce in the market.
I am told that in USA alone, more than 20 million people are practicing Yoga and that this number is increasing at an average of five percent every year.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Communications; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Railways.
The MoUs/ MoCs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
The proceeds from the bonds will be utilized by IWAI for development and maintenance of National Waterways (NWs) under National Waterways Act, 2016 (effective from 12.4.2016).
India will celebrate this common heritage every step of the way.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched the ‘Swachhata Hi Seva’ Movement, to boost nation wide public participation in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, and catalyse the fulfilment of Bapu’s dream of a Clean India.
Do you think, when they say that this is a political witch hunt by Narendra Modi Sarkar, do you think all of these cases would have been possible without political patronage?
PM said, “A second Gold for India!
Talking about the transformationof the farming sector, Shri Narendra Modi said that the agriculture sector has developed rapidly in the last 48 months.
29. The Indian side invited Qatar to participate in the second phase of the strategic reserves storage facility being created in India.
He said access to Government is no longer a privilege, but a practice.
The aim is to work together to develop a mutually beneficial relationship in the best interests of members, students and the institutes.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the introduction of National Institutes of Food Technology, Entrepreneurship and Management Bill, 2019.
Sustainable Technology Driven Agriculture for New India
For achieving the objectives of the Act, a treaty/agreement is required to be signed with countries having mutual interest with us on this matter.
Gandhi’s style of working had an incredible balance.
UAE can benefit by linking with our growth in manufacturing and services.
He said that strong pathways to commercialization, are needed to leverage our Research & Development achievements, through industrial products.
The Prime Minister said he gets new energy when he spends time among the jawans and soldiers of the Armed Forces.
The remaining 18.5 acres of land will be handed over to the Army on completion of construction of the school building.
However, the Ministry of Human Resources Development can allocate funds for any future programme/scheme of secondary and higher education, based on the requirement, as per prescribed procedure,
Reviewing the progress of the Forest Rights Act, the Prime Minister emphasized the importance of using space technology to determine the rights of tribal communities, and settle claims expeditiously.
India’s diversity can be seen, heard, felt, touched and tasted.
The total outlay of these projects will be over Rs. 3700 crore.
He said that the spirit of participative governance is vital.
The event is aimed at empowering women.
Transfer of land to Government entities also approved
All the best Smriti Mandhana.
Talking about the potential of Yoga, Prime Minister said that Yoga has a solution to most of the problems faced by people, as individuals as well as a society.
I express my felicitations and admiration for the Kulkarni family, I congratulate them.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, arrived at Ben Gurion Airport, Tel Aviv today.
The proposed increase in the authorized capital would enable NABARD to respond to the commitments it has undertaken, particularly in respect of the Long Term Irrigation Fund and the recent Cabinet decision regarding on-lending to cooperative banks.
Friends, the FIFA Under-17 World Cup was organized this month.
My dear countrymen !whenever a discussion about Parliament is there nowadays, it is about hold-ups, noisy scenes and stalling the proceedings but when something good happens, it is not given much importance.
The Scheme becomes effective from1.12.2018 for transfer of benefit to eligible beneficiaries.
The Prime Minister appreciated the youth for their active involvement in key initiatives such as Swachh Bharat and Digital India.
India and Sweden will jointly organize the India-Nordic Summit in Stockholm on 17th April with the Prime Ministers of Finland, Norway, Denmark and Iceland.
The Convention, in accordance with its Article 4.1 and 12.1, enjoins upon all Parties, both developed country Parties and developing country Parties to furnish information, in the form of a National Communication regarding implementation of the Convention.
After more than a decade of existence, BRICS has developed a robust framework for cooperation.
National waterway from Varanasi to Haldia has already started.
Friends, Asian countries provide large business opportunities because of large consumer base of more than 4 billion, increasing purchasing power and young demographic profile.
India was one of the leaders of the international movement for freedom in this country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, is grieved to learn about the loss of lives and injuries sustained by the persons in the bus accident of 19-9-2016 near Bennipatti, Madhubani District, Bihar; and the bus accident of of 20-9-2016 near Muhawa village, Attari, Amritsar district, Punjab.
The work-plan of Agro-Industrial Cooperation between us today is an important step in this direction.
Mishmi tribes of Arunachal Pradesh claim their relationship with tigers.
On the cultural side, the Prime Minister said the deep awareness of Russian culture in India, and of Yoga and Ayurveda in Russia, was a matter of deep satisfaction.
Another noteworthy aspect of this project is that nearly one thousand women and twenty-three transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail System.
My government understands that an environment of transparent policies and a rule of law providing a level-playing field are necessary for entrepreneurship to flourish.
Through our history, our Saints did things that may seem small but their impact was big and this altered the course of our history.
The Prime Minister said both India and Spain are engaging in vigorous economic reform.
This ferry service shall reduce the travel time between Ghogha in Saurashtra, and Dahej in South Gujarat, from about seven or eight hours, to just over an hour.
The wide-ranging discussions were held in a cordial and friendly atmosphere.
a. To extend advice on lighthouses and beacons;
That is why good quality medicines are made available at affordable prices.
He wrote on Mygov- Please take up the topic “in Mann Ki Baat” as to how the tribes and their traditions and rituals are the best examples of coexistence with the nature.
We will jointly encourage our business communities to use the existing workable schemes and mechanisms for settlements in national currencies elaborated by the Reserve Bank of India and the Bank of Russia.
“There are forces and groups that are instruments of state policy and design.
PM will lay the foundation stone for the construction of Greenfield Airport at Hollongi .
If I attend a Railways function I talk about railways, if water then water, if water bodies, then water bodies.
The Prime Minister also paid homage to Saint Thiruvalluvar and Shri Eknath Ranade.
The Prime Minister will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Rural & Urban), and will address the gathering.
The Prime Minister was briefed on the action taken to ensure speedy and effective disposal of consumer grievances.
This tradition evolved from the Shrutis to the Smritis.
These included the Government Civil Hospital, a milk processing plant and some buildings of the Junagadh Agriculture University.
All freedom fighters and spouses and dependent parents/eligible daughter pensioners of deceased freedom fighters drawing pension under the Swatantrata Sainik Samman Pension Scheme, 1980 would be benefitted by the decision.
The two Prime Ministers witnessed the ground breaking ceremony of the Motihari-Amlekhgunj cross-border petroleum products pipeline at Motihari, India.
In addition, there will be a Medical College, AYUSH Block, Auditorium, Night Shelter, Guest House, Hostels and residential facilities.
2. Prime Minister welcomed the three leaders to India for participation in the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit and also for accepting the invitation to be Chief Guests at the Republic Day celebrations on 26th January this year.
Getting connected with people or connecting people with him was Bapu’s special quality, this was in his nature.
The human chain that commenced formation from Gandhi Maidan in Patna gained momentum, touching the state borders.
“On the start of Chingam, the first month of the Malayalam New Year, my greetings to the Malayali community.
May our nation be blessed with the strength to face any challenge.
It is the joint responsibility of both the state and Central governments.
“Navy Day greetings to all valorous personnel of the Indian Navy and their families.
Brothers and sisters, Acharya Chanakya had said:
The Prime Minister mentioned that the Ayushman Bharat scheme also does not have any scope for leakage, as the money is transferred directly into the account of the hospital.
Giving a clear-cut message to the Yoga enthusiasts all over the world, Prime Minister said that the entire world has embraced Yoga and the glimpses of this can be seen in the way International Day of Yoga is celebrated every year.
The country will never accept this.
Biennial Trade Ministers’ Forum (BTMF) iv).
Your love and affection makes my visit to this great country all the more special.
Their target is to reach 300 million under-privileged people by 2022.
That’s the capability of Indian scientists which has made the world stand up and applaud.
He said: “Kalati Kramat Kal Avam Falam Pivati”, it means the time itself undermines the value of the success of something if it was not done in the right time.
A draft text of the Agreement has been finalized after mutual discussions.
Who built them?
This includes better facility for education of children, employment to youths, modern facility for treatment, facilities for promotion of tourism in the state and special arrangements for production of fruits in the State.
And that you said that in 2019 before the elections, I will come back to this Parliament, I will come back to the MPs and I will give my report card.
I pray for his long and healthy life.
This agreement does not automatically apply to individuals who have gained membership of the ICAI or the Canadian Provincial CPA Bodies through another agreement with a third party.
Besides, a train will be run on a route joining all the holy places connected with Guru Nanak Dev ji.
Not more than 50 seconds are spent on this but my mind is at rest and ready to be focused on matters at hand.
We believe it validates the Indian philosophy of “Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam” – the world is one family.
This year, India and Israel are marking 25 years of our diplomatic relations.
To reduce energy cost, PM makes a strong case for partnership between producers and consumers in the oil market
The Prime Minister said that while making laws and policies it is essential to have a broad range of inputs.
The Union Cabinet under the Chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has accorded its approval for establishment and operationalisation of a National Academic Depository (NAD).
Many of our festivals are linked straightaway with farmers and fishermen.
The Government has already introduced in Parliament, a bill to provide Constitutional status to the National Commission for Backward Classes.
Reviewing the progress in the petroleum and natural gas sector, the Prime Minister sought to know the steps being taken to ramp up ethanol blending of petrol.
For thousands of years we have been connected by Trade, Culture and Religion.
32. Ramanujacharya used to say that we must look at everyone with the same gaze, never humiliate anyone.
We have taken up construction of toilets.
A group of about 30 “solar mamas” from Tanzania and a few other African countries demonstrated their skills in fabrication, repair and maintenance of solar lanterns and household lighting systems to the Prime Minister today.
In lieu of this land, as of now, the State Government has agreed to provide 96.56 acres of land, contiguous to Bhopal Airport, to AAI, for aviation purposes.
Similarly, he spoke of the benefits of solar farming.
He asked the Secretaries to proactively prepare for this transformation, to ensure a smooth transition.
d) cooperation in events on technology; and
He praised the leadership provided by Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath in the State, and said the State Government is working to create an atmosphere conducive for development in the State.
In this context, he recalled the experience of officers in post-earthquake reconstruction in Gujarat, in 2001.
Noting that a large number of complaints were related to corrupt practices of officials, he directed strictest possible action against Railway officials found guilty of corruption.
We should build a partnership that spans the entirety of the human endeavour.
After unveiling a plaque to mark the inauguration, the Prime Minister travelled, and walked on the bridge for a few minutes.
And, agreed on the need to make it more broad-based through production and manufacturing partnerships.
He welcomed the strengthening of various defence dialogue mechanisms between the two countries, and the enhanced linkages between the armed forces of India and Japan.
Now, Government is adding 20,000 crore rupees more to this.
He ensured that millions of Indians were brought under the ambit of one nation & one constitution.
The increase in workload is manifested in the quantum jump in the number of licensed premises and other activities.
I came to know that Thanthi means telegram.
India and Belgium enjoy close and friendly ties.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister’s name.
“On this truly historic occasion of the passage of the GST Bill in the Rajya Sabha, I thank the leaders and members of all parties.
The Cabinet has also approved Rs 655.46 crore as capital expenditure to set up IIPE and contribution of Rs 200 crore towards its Endowment Fund (in addition to a contribution of Rs 200 crore from Oil Companies towards the Endowment Fund).
He said relatively junior officers in States must spend adequate time in field visits, so that they are aware first-hand about issues on the ground.
Under the Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture, farmers would be provided assistance for replantation of damaged horticulture crops.
I know that the 10th Board Exams are going to commence in a few days from now.
In our country, Saraswati Pooja is done on Vasant Panchami; Vasant Panchmi is a major festival.
The interest subsidy to be disbursed to the beneficiaries will be credited to their home loan accounts after the PLIs have satisfied the eligibility criteria through their due diligence processes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh.
Today, Vietnam is the world’s third largest rice exporter.
On preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that there are toilets in 13 crore houses today, compared with 6.5 crore houses in 2014.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Bengaluru, where he will address the gathering at the Dashamah Soundarya Lahari Parayanotsava Mahasarmapane.
Therefore, it’s not like the nation won’t get Raghuram Rajan’s services, Raghuram Rajan is not that kind of a person.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Indian Coast Guard personnel, on their Foundation Day.
He said PSUs have contributed significantly in nation-building, and in the nation’s economy, since independence.
We will endeavour to develop joint projects in each other’s countries through sharing of technologies, experience of working in different terrains and climatic conditions, and use of energy efficient technologies for creation and propagation of cleaner, climate friendly and affordable energy resources.
Since the DoHFW provides funds to the hospitals, the grants can be given from the Department to the hospital directly.
I extend my heartiest felicitations to each and every ministry, every department and all employees of the Central and State governments involved with this process.
The MoU takes care of concerns and requirements in the field of exchange of experience by legal professionals, Government functionaries and their training and effective legal aid mechanism for resolution.
And, not just a notion of peace defined by the absence of conflict.
New seaports are being constructed on a number of seaways of India and infrastructure is being strengthened at old ports.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of vital infrastructure projects in the railway, road, power and natural gas sectors, spread over several states including Telangana, Odisha, Maharashtra, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Sikkim, West Bengal, Jharkhand and Bihar.
With hundreds of languages and dialects, many states, and major religions, India is proud to be one of the most diverse nations in the world.
It is an ideal platform to engage citizens to learn about solutions to global challenges we face.
Infact, Yoga Day has become one of the biggest mass movements in the quest for good health and well-being.
The activities between the two sides will start after the receipt of copy of the signed MoC.
In addition to healthcare, it will also provide medical education at the under-graduate and post-graduate level, besides nursing.
(a) Promoting specific projects:
He described Sir Chhotu Ram as a strong voice for the oppressed and the deprived.
4. The beneficiaries can avail benefits in both public and empanelled private facilities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, is constantly monitoring the situation in Gorakhpur.
(b) Provide for appointing a nodal officer at the Centre and in each State/Union Territory to effectively coordinate data collection activities and provide consultation to Government Departments for avoiding unnecessary duplication, etc.
However, more investment is required in contract farming, raw material sourcing and creating agri linkages.
Prime Minister said that various schemes of the Government, like Swachh Bharat has boosted tourism in the country.
Ours is a friendship that lives in the hearts of our people and in the fabric of our societies.
We also want our economic linkages to connect the regions and states in both countries.
Congratulating the weightlifters, the Prime Minister said, “Proud of Ragala Venkat Rahul for the Gold.
We have been working in the direction of setting up a fertiliser plant in your area.
We have also promoted our ‘Neighbourhood First’ policy by strengthening energy engagement with Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Bhutan and Myanmar.
o A state should not conduct or knowingly support online activity that intentionally damages critical infrastructure or otherwise impairs the use of critical infrastructure to provide services to the public,
It has been pointed out to the Department during its interactions with various stakeholders that investors in the AIFs would prefer that the portfolio of AIFs is adequately diversified to manage the investment risks appropriately and if the entire pool of funds of the AIF is invested in Start-ups, it poses unacceptable risks to the investors of such AIFs.
Setting up of new AIIMS would not only transform health education and training but also address the shortfall of health care professionals in the region.
The new terminal will provide seamless passenger movement with all modern amenities.
H.E. Mr Maxim Oreshkin, Minister of Economic Development of the Russian Federation
The Prime Minister mentioned neem coating of urea, bee keeping, and sea-weed cultivation, as areas where the cooperative movement could contribute significantly.
During the same phase, Raheem also said-
We are not merely changing India, we are building a new India.
On 30th December, the Prime Minister will visit the Tsunami Memorial at Car Nicobar.
This project will provide a big boost to irrigation in the region, and will be greatly beneficial for the farmers of Mirzapur and Allahabad districts of Uttar Pradesh.
Another highlight was the inauguration of the Pahari Dam Modernization Project.
And,not to forget, they marked the arrival of a new sporting power-house in the global arena!
An air of excitement, zeal, enthusiasm, hope, aspirations, the determination to achieve – who would want to stay away from an atmosphere like that?
Availability of such swap line to tide over difficulties arising out of Balance of Payment (BOP) would deter speculative attacks on the domestic currency and greatly enhance the RBI’s ability to manage exchange rate volatility.
Notable among them are the coastal community skill projects and projects for development of marine fisheries sector.
We are committed to the welfare of every citizen of the entire State of Jammu & Kashmir.
Mr. Yuval Rotem, Director General, MoFA, Government of Israel
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is determined to preserve the legacy of all those who contributed to the cause of India’s defence and security, and to its social life.
Information and Communication Technology; Marine Science & Technology; Life Sciences (including Biotechnology, Agriculture and Biomedical Sciences); Energy Research; Water Technologies; Disaster Management; Space Sciences, Technology and Applications; Geospatial Information and Applied Chemistry were identified as potential areas for immediate collaboration.
He described the University and its students as pioneers.
Participants appreciated the pace and drive with which Prime Minister Modi has brought about reform in the energy sector.
It will further promote inclusive sustainable and resilient development in the areas of Consumer Protection & Legal Metrology to deal with new challenges such as misleading advertisement, telemarketing, multi-level marketing, e-commerce etc.
Of late, a lot of research has been undertaken in Yoga.
We are delighted that His Highness has come back to India on his second State visit.
Each person should have a scientific thinking, should be attracted to science.
It is a time-tested bond, built on the foundation of shared values and shared experiences.
For the first time, the three day long convention is being organized in Varanasi from 21-23 January, 2019.
Every Indian citizen should have the dream like the one in 1942 during Quit India Movement, when people decided that they won’t stop till Britishers leave India.
He noted that Indian brands are now present in Korea, and Korean brands are household names in India.
The Prime Minister said that the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana will contribute to the development of not just Sonepat, but the entire State of Haryana.
Dr. Harsh Vardhan, Minister of Science and Technology, India
Cabinet has also approved the provision of funds of Rs. 420 crore for the first phase expenditure towards establishment of the Central Tribal University.
The Prime Minister expressed deep concern and pain at the prevailing situation in the State.
It is intended to give a boost to innovation, creativity and technological advancement in both regions.
At Talcher in Odisha, he will unveil a plaque to mark the commencement of work for the revival of Talcher Fertilizer Plant.
I would like to reiterate that the Central and State Governments are committed to address the people’s genuine grievances and restore peace in the state.
Silence and inaction against terrorism in Afghanistan and our region will only embolden terrorists and their masters.
Chief Secretary, Govt. of NCT of Delhi;
He recalled how the Swachh Bharat Movement had been initiated three years ago, amid immense criticism.
He said that whatever has been achieved till date, is also the achievement of the Swachhagrahi people of India.
He distributed appointment letters and mini-ATMs to women bank correspondents.
The IGCS will nurture future collaboration by widening the network with other Universities, Institutes and industries both in India and Germany.
Mentioning that the Union Government is taking many initiatives in the health sector, he called for expeditious upgradation of health infrastructure.
The fight against Black Money is going to continue.
India’s performance in the Commonwealth Games was par excellence.
The Ministries agree to jointly work on the water conservation campaign to achieve the following objectives:
The Prime Minister shared the views that the common commitments, values, people-to-people and economic ties will take India-Switzerland relations to new heights.
This unleashing of the youth power is heartening.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following facilities being extended to persons from Minority communities of Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan, namely Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians staying on Long Term Visa (LTV) in India.
I pray that he is blessed with good health and a long life.
He said 2022, the seventy-fifth anniversary of independence, can become an inspiration for working towards achieving the India of the dreams of our freedom fighters.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to the first President of India, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, on his Jayanti.
The NMC willcomprise of 25 members of which at least 21 will be doctors.
Vajpayeeji said Insaniyat, Jamhuriyat, Kashmiriyat (humanism, democracy, Kasmiriyat)–with these three basic elements we want to develop Jammu & Kashmir.
India is one of the richest countries in the world in terms of biodiversity, having 15 agro-climatic zones.
The Traditional Systems of Medicine in India are well organized, codified and well documented comprised of Ayurveda, Yoga & Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha, Sowa Rigpa and Homoeopathy.
The Prime Minister of Sri Lanka, His Excellency Mr. RanilWickremesinghe, joined the proceedings in Jaffna.
I salute Ekta Bhyanji, Yogesh Qathuniaji and Sundar Singh Ji, all of you for your fortitude and passion, and congratulate you!
Congrats to everybody associated with the Ramakrishna Math and Mission, the Government of Tamil Nadu, thousands of my young friends assembled here today for being part of the commemoration of the historic address.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for amendment of the Constitution (Application to Jammu & Kashmir) Order, 1954 by way of the Constitution (Application to Jammu & Kashmir) Amendment Order, 2017.
Involvement of self interest in social and personal conduct is the first cause of corruption.
The Pradhanmantri Jan Arogya Abhiyan and Ayushman Bharat Yojana will cover 10 crore families of the country.
47. Our fight against black money and corruption will continue and move forward and the loot in the country will not be allowed.
Meetings of BRICS Working Group on ICT Cooperation 100.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, will visit Himachal Pradesh on December 27, 2018.
The construction of new houses has gone up four times in the villages.
He said he also feels the pain, and these steps taken were not a display of arrogance.
Recently, the Government of India has taken a very important decision.
And, the Friendship Dam unites us in solidarity as Chishti Sharif joined us in spirit centuries ago.
Bilateral trade between India and Brunei has more than doubled over the last decade.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased and prayers with the injured.
UDAY is an important component of the effort to realise the mission of 24×7 affordable and environment friendly ‘Power for All’.
Cabinet also approved selling 82.37 acres of land of the Company at Hospet to Karnataka Government for use of the Karnataka State Housing Board.
But they are not all yogis.
He said that he was performing his duty courageously in the fight against corruption and middlemen backed by the support and the blessings of the people..
Right from youth till the time the physical body supported him, he lived for the country, the Prime Minister added.
On 30th morning, there would be the dedication of water supply schemes based on Vatrak, Mazum and Meswo Dams at Modasa.
Prime Minister will also be visiting Hamburg in Germany on 6-8 July, 2017 to attend 12th G-20 Summit.
These loans are given by Commercial Banks, RRBs, Small Finance Banks, Cooperative Banks, MFIs and NBFCs.
Over the last few days, many have written to me.
Let me assure you that any such thing is not going to happen.
Speaking on the occasion, he expressed happiness that the important step of beginning work on the fertiliser plant had been taken.
They are doing a lot in their own way but if work is done collectively, in an organized manner, then these various organizations of ours can bring about huge results.
During his opening remarks, the Prime Minister said that today’s talks will go a long way in furthering ties between the two countries.
The Government of India is committed to improving the level and quality of physical and social infrastructure in the country of its goal of achieving national economic prosperity.
This yatra (journey) is known as Wari and lakhs of warkaris join this.
This Pradhanmantri Saubhagya Yojana, I’d urge Bihar to take full advantage of it.
During the interaction, the players talked about the experience and exposure that they gained during FIFA, both on and off the field.
In his address, the Prime Minister congratulated all the members of the committee for creative and practical suggestions.
• Revival of Sindri Fertilizer Project of Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Ltd. • Ranchi City Gas Distribution Project by GAIL • All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Deoghar • Development of Deoghar Airport • Patratu Super Thermal Power Project
Beneficiaries:
This is in continuation to the earlier approval dated 28th November 2018.
The work on Trans Arunachal highway is also under progress, he added.
66. India welcomed the initiative of Russia to create a Larger Eurasian Partnership that stipulates conjugation of national development strategies and multilateral integration projects in the interests of building effective platform of constructive cooperation based on strict observance of the international law, principles of equality, mutual respect and taking in account each other national perspectives.
If we want to avoid the water crisis in India in future then this is the only way and we will have to take it seriously.
Development and improvement of the techniques and strategies for epidemiological surveillance and communicable and non-communicable diseases control; 7.
MoU between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nepal
Our country is blessed with the maximum number of young people.
The Indian Strategic Petroleum Reserves Ltd.
With GST, a new business culture is developing and in the long term consumers will be the biggest beneficiaries.
Under the Sagarmala Project, Port projects involving Investment of over 10 billion Dollars have been identified for award in the upcoming five years.
These programmes will make you employable in the new knowledge economy and make you effective entrepreneurs and thinking scientists.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
Successful launch of INSAT-3DR is a moment of immense joy.
I have been told that the Technology Vision 2035 document released in last year’s Science Congress, is now developing into a detailed roadmap for twelve key technology sectors.
At the same time, our tier-2 and tier-3 cities are being flooded with start-up enterprises, bringing regeneration.
The two leaders stressed the significance of promoting interaction between medium enterprises of the two countries for strengthening bilateral economic cooperation.
This will benefit about 49.26 lakh Central Government employees and 61.17 lakh pensioners.
H. Science & Technology
Ms. Bishop briefed the Prime Minister on the progress in bilateral relations since the visit of Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to India in April 2017.
We have given cooking gas to large numbers of people who were not able to afford it so far.
On the occasion of Buddha Jayanti, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will join the celebrations at Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium, in the Capital on Monday, 30th April, 2018.
Like Usha ji, ”USHA School” is making the best use of every opportunity by utilizing simple and limited resources.
At the beginning of their endeavour, they tried to know and understand India; tried to live India within themselves.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Scheme to Rebate State and Central Embedded Taxes to Support the Textile Sector.
It has been instrumental in establishment of a number of institutions and taking up infrastructure projects in the region.
Could you please elaborate whether its results after one month are matching the expectations of the Government?
The new agreements in the fields of taxation, administrative reforms, science, space, youth affairs & sports outline the expanding scope of our partnership.
That must be playing on your mind.
These will primarily benefit poor homeless people like rag pickers, rickshaw drivers, textile workers,beedi workers, etc.
46. We are fighting corruption – for the bright future of India and the wellbeing of our people.
The files were swiftly declassified, and put on a digital platform.
He called for a New India where the poor would have houses, and access to water and electricity; where farmers would be free from worry, and would earn twice of what they earn today; youth and women would get ample opportunities to fulfil their dreams; an India free from terrorism, communalism, casteism, corruption and nepotism; and an India which is clean and healthy.
This device provides information in local language.
This has helped in achieving better synergies between the Schemes and thereby, improves their effectiveness and help in achieving better outcomes with the available resources.
Our agenda will be to expand economic and investment ties.
This has led to reduction in the notices that enterprises are mandated to submit to the Commission, while entering into combinations, thereby reducing the load on the Commission.
The dirty money, black money was also linked to terrorism, an environment of global census was created.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister performed a special prayer.
The 3 corridors consist of both underground (22.359 km) and elevated (39.320 km) sections.
The story of ‘KisanChachi’, i.e.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Singapore on Cooperation in the field of Personnel Management and Public Administration.
He added that it is an honour to work with and learn from these outstanding parliamentarians.
However, India is more than just us politicians.
Twinning Agreement on the Establishment of Friendship and Cooperation between the Corporation of the City of Panaji (Municipal Corporation) and the City of Victoria of the Republic of Seychelles
Equally, they are the torch-bearers of the thoughts, feelings and emotions of our people.
“Our positions at the U.N. are based on the merit of specific issues and driven by our core values and principles.
This idea is a great source of strength.
From north to south, east to west, we can see how there is a festive spirit across the nation.
Thus it was natural that there was a lot of curiosity in the minds of the disciples gathered there.
Similarly, in heavy-duty construction machinery India has a growing demand and Belarus has industrial strengths.
He explained at length, how this scheme is different from other similar schemes launched in the past.
I extend my best wishes to my countrymen on the pious occasion of Vasant Panchami.
He emphasized that people in the cities must decide about the development of their urban spaces, adding that these decisions cannot be taken in Delhi.
A few days ago, Hon’ble President took an initiative.
More than 8 lakh patients have taken benefit of this scheme so far.
They further agreed to strengthen their cooperation in combating terrorism within the relevant multilateral institutions.
India’s bilateral trade with Croatia during 2012-13, 2013-14 and 2014-15 were US$ 152.01million, US$ 148.86 million and US$ 205.04 million respectively.
I am not saying right or wrong but it’s one of the ways.
That helps me a lot in understanding things.
Doris Francis have been apprised about the sanction of the grant.
Out of this, one million people are in the diamonds industry alone.
[Means: An Old friend is better than two new friends.]
to promote co-operation between the financial technology industry in India and Singapore:
The Prime Minister will also address a public gathering at Kothi Meena Bazaar in Agra.
Signing of the MoU will pave way for both countries for exploration of areas for bilateral collaboration:
Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore had traveled to Argentina in 1924.
You must be downloading the BHIM App and using it.
Here is the complete transcript of the Prime Minister’s interview with Arnab Goswami.
Everyone is in favour of ending terrorism.”
Introduce a Bill for: a.
The Cabinet has, keeping in view the role of the sector in managing public health, decided that it will not be appropriate to carry out further amendments in the present Act especially as newer areas of biological, stem cells and regenerative medicines, medical devices and clinical trial/investigation, etc. cannot be effectively regulated under the existing law.
The project is being implemented by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Ltd.
And once again we will develop the same feelings of reverence towards rivers, initiatives for saving the rivers will be taken, an awareness about all the rivers of India will be generated.
Anagha, Jayesh and many other children from Chennai have written & posted to me their heartfelt thoughts on the gratitude cards, the post script to the book ‘Exam Warriors’.
This can pave a new way to serve the purpose of Ek Bharat Shresht Bharat Abhiyan, ultimately providing a great boost to India’s tourism development.
An attempt has been made to align the Indian regulatory environment to international best practices.
Boost to pro-people and pro-poor initiatives
We have agreed to nurture people-to-people pillar of our cooperation as a continuing effort.
He stressed on effective communication strategy.
The Prime Minister said that a new Integrated Terminal Building is coming up at Veer Savarkar International Airport.
Since 1992, our partnership has evolved from sectoral dialogue to strategic partnership.
The GSLV Mk-III Continuation Programme – Phase 1 will meet the launch requirement of communication satellites to meet the national demand for High Throughput Satellites for rural broadband connectivity, increase and sustain the availability of transponders for DTH, VSAT and Television broadcasters.
During their meeting, both leaders agreed on the importance of maintaining peace and security in the Indian Ocean and being mindful of each other’s concerns and aspirations for the stability of the region.
It will enable easier availability of credit from the banks, and reduce cost of logistics, thereby enhancing competitiveness of businesses.
Our speed in road construction has almost doubled.
The Prime Minister said that an unclean environment, if not cleaned, leads to a situation where one starts accepting circumstances.
Then I realize that if I relax a bit, I will feel better.
They are letters of HOPE, where:
The Prime Minister will release a book and souvenir on Baba Banda Singh Bahadurji on the occasion.
There is no precedent globally, to what India has done.
iv) All support related to Demand Side Management of industries based in UAE
During the dark days of colonialism, publications such as the Sambad Kaumudi of Raja Ram Mohan Roy, the Kesari of Lokmanya Tilak, and the Navjeevan of Mahatma Gandhi, lit a beacon, and inspired the freedom struggle.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
32. We are nurturing our youngsters to be job creators and not job seekers.
The Agreement will encourage cooperation between mass media tools such as radio, print media, TV, social media etc. to provide more opportunities to the people of both the nations and create public accountability.
States/Union Territories will also be requested to celebrate 550th Birth Anniversary of Shri Guru Nanak Devji in a befitting manner.
My young friends, you people have got a good experience in the life.
Many more companies from Asia, Africa and Europe should be able to raise funds from this important International Finance Centre.
This was the situation then.
What is the best way to continue to remain relevant, and serve the people and the nation in the age of instant news at the fingertips.
This great symbol of people’s faith was locked up in the fort for hundreds of years, due to which the devotees despite a deep seated desire could not get a glimpse of.
Asserting that we must plan for the future, the Prime Minister said that everything cannot be seen from a political point of view.
Considering the mutual benefits, signing of a Memorandum of Understanding in the field of tourism would enable both parties to enter into a constructive dialogue for development and promotion of tourism in each other’s country for the economic development of two nations.
The Prime Minister highlighted the double engine strength of the Centre and the State Government in carrying out the development activities in the region.
The International Association of Insurance Supervisors is a global framework for cooperation and information exchange between insurance supervisors.
The interest on bank loans have been lowered.
Every day at work, I draw on this sacred energy.
The Prime Minister said that this annual conference has now undergone a transformation in the way it is conducted.
Mr. President, Friends,
Today I salute those brave freedom fighters from the core of my heart on behalf of my countrymen.
My dear countrymen, our holy land has given great souls who selflessly served humanity.
• What is required that we have to be transparent in our public life and yet there should be action against corrupt leaders.
Recognising that maintenance of security and stability along the common border is essential for the socio-economic development of the peoples of the border areas, Myanmar reaffirmed its respect of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of India and steadfastly upheld the policy of not allowing any insurgent group to utilise Myanmar’s soil to undertake hostile acts against the Indian Government.
The collaboration shall also cover State Governments in its ambit.
The Summit theme, “Towards a Peaceful, Prosperous and Sustainable Bay of Bengal Region” will enable us to shape a collective response to our common aspirations and challenges.
I am also pained by this.
He addressed the gathering at Kashi Vishwanath Temple, after a symbolic ground-breaking ceremony.
The theme of the Plenary was – “Achieving a New Balance on the Global Stage.”
He will release a postal stamp on “Ramayana.”
Earlier India was awaiting membership of various international organisations.
With this decision the path is clear for issuance of the Notice Inviting Application for spectrum auction by the Department of Telecommunications.
This outreach and support programme, which will run for the next 100 days, covering the entire country, is expected to provide even greater synergy to the efforts being made for this sector.
We are raising our voice at international fora.
• ICAI and ICPAK will collaborate on benchmarking initiatives and trainee accountant exchange programmes.
Last month our Women players too won laurels.
Yoga has attained worldwide recognition as a measure of preventive health care.
He is definitely rich in terms of the work done; he is an authority in his own field.
India has contributed personnel to the UN Peace Keeping Force in Cyprus.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Mahatma Gandhi International Sanitation Convention (MGISC) in New Delhi.
The eligible beneficiaries would continue to receive the remaining cash incentive as per approved norms towards Maternity Benefit under existing programmes after institutional delivery so that on an average, a woman will get ₹ 6000/-.
I distinctly remember the words of Shriman Dattopant Thengdi, the founder of Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh, the thinker, who deliberated a lot on the working class.
Mahatma Gandhi and all senior leaders were put behind the bars.
Miss Kristalina Georgieva, CEO, World Bank; My Colleagues in the Council of Ministers; Senior Officials, Business Leaders; Ladies and Gentlemen!
The revised procedure of fixation of notional pay is more scientific, rational and implementable in all the cases.
Your Excellency Prime Minister Pravind Jugnauth
In this sense we support work aimed at exploring the opportunities of harmonization of our legislation in the area of credit ratings, as well as the recognition of ratings of our local credit rating agencies.
People who weren’t transferred since 20 years, I got them transferred.
For other countries of the world, a century may be of immense significance.
Our culture has so many Goddesses who are worshipped.
I am sure this will turn out to be a described destination for one & all across the country.
iii. Creation of baseline geoscientific data as a public good for open dissemination free of charge.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the National Health Policy, 2017 (NHP, 2017).
New systems are emerging.
Yogiji used to talk about this place as one where Ganga, forests, Himalayas, caves and man dream of God.
Recently, an event was organised in Telengana under the leadership of the Secretary of our Ministry of Water and Sanitation of the Government of India, in which senior officers from 23 state governments participated.
At every step, we have shared our experience and resources across a range of sectors: from strengthening democratic institutions to deploying high-tech solutions for public good.
On the Demand front, our rising middle class offers a huge domestic market.
A Group of Secretaries to the Government of India, today presented ideas on “agriculture and allied sectors,” to the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi.
This dispensation will allow the financially sound State entities to directly borrow and repay the loan required for major infrastructure projects without burdening the State exchequer.
PM laid the Foundation stone of the museum on October 21, 2018.
17. The Prime Minister welcomed the announcement of His Royal Highness to invest in the areas of energy, refining, petrochemicals, infrastructure, agriculture, minerals and mining, manufacturing, education and health potentially worth in excess of $100 billion.
Our in-depth discussions on regional and global issues reflected our considerable convergence on issues of common interest and concern.
I am happy to be part of the inauguration ceremony of Kochi Metro.
Excellency and I agree that a more diversified commercial engagement between us would not only benefit both our economies.
He said that the six Passport Sewa Kendras being inaugurated today, are a step in this direction.
Talking about the Airport project, the Prime Minister said he is happy that the promise made by former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee is being fulfilled.
PM will also inaugurate LPG Capacity Augmentation of Mounted Storage Vessel in North Guwahati.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed happiness as number of beneficiaries of Ujjwala Yojana crossed 2.5 Crore.
Another highlight of visit to Jammu today was PM laying the foundation stone of 1640 m span double lane bridge over River Chenab at Sajwal.
According to the survey, considering medical costs averted, value of time savings and mortality averted, financial savings for each household in Open Defecation Free communities are Rs. 50,000 per year.
This will be my second bilateral visit there in two years, a sign of our strong relationship.
We have to embrace the patriotic people of Kashmir, and proceed further.
It should spread the idea of peace along with respect for unity and integrity of the nation.
Then, you will see that your doubt is waning away and your ego is also getting quelled.
Citizens of the country have full faith.
I am sure that the rest of my stay would be equally exciting.
The belief that Service to humanity is service to God, is innate to us.
implementation of risk based safety management system, providing training,
· Counter-Terrorism Working Group – 19 to 20 April (White River, Nelspruit)
He recalled his earlier visits to Pashupatinath, and other temples in Nepal.
It will bring IALA at par with International Maritime Organisation (IMO) and International Hydrographic Organisation (IHO).
The creation of Rashtriya Kamdhenu Aayog for the conservation, protection and development of cows and their progeny will provide the policy framework and direction to the cow conservation and development programmes in the country and for ensuring proper implementation of laws with respect to the welfare of cows.
He said the Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) will play a key role in this regard.
I look forward to paying homage at the Sri Dalada Maligawa, the Temple of the Sacred Tooth Relic, in Kandy today afternoon.
Following specific changes in the scheme have been approved:
He said this constructive atmosphere should be used to move swiftly towards the creation of New India.
People generally nurse the notion that if students indulge in sporting activities, they become careless about their studies.
4. The existing policy of single agency operation and exports through MMTC, with trading margin of 2.8% of FOB price, shall be continued.
The programme may be repeated in subsequent years with mutual consultation and after agreement on both sides.
The Prime Minister said he is at SPIEF as a representative of 1.25 billion people.
We also enjoy a truly strategic partnership with Japan whose contours now stretch to all fields of economic activity.
My dear countrymen, I feel delighted to learn that the awareness about how to use technology, making e-payments, making online payments is spreading very fast.
*Build and strengthen its social, political and institutional fabric;
The Protocol shall enter into force on the date of notification of completion of the procedures required by the respective laws of the two countries for entry into force of the Protocol.
And, what was the main focus of all these great men?
The Prime Minister said that the various schemes initiated by the Union Government like Ayushman Bharat, Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, PM Awas Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Saubhagya Yojana, and Swacch Bharat specifically target those working in unorganized sector.
In case farmers do not repay the short term crop loan in time they would be eligible for interest subvention of 2% as against 5% available above.
Noting the quantum jump in the applications for Civil Service Day awards, from less than 100 last year to over 500 this year, the Prime Minister said that the focus should now be on improving quality, and making excellence a habit.
We must also coordinate closely to preserve the central role of the Doha Development Round and the WTO.
Felt extremely blessed when I prayed at Chaitya Bhoomi in Mumbai.
The external sector remains robust.
A New India where there is equal opportunity for all; where modern science and technology play an important role in bringing glory for the nation in the global arena.
vii. The existing Route Schedule annex to the ASA has also been revised and new points of call have been added for enhanced connectivity.
Efforts are being extensively undertaken to make health care accessible and affordable, make it easily accessible and affordable for the common man.
The Prime Minister called for focus on higher land productivity.
To encourage Investment in the Tourism and Hospitality sectors 6.
And, today I am delighted to welcome President Kenyatta and his delegation in India.
He also says that the message of the Yatra indirectly touched an additional 20,000 villages.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the proposal for India’s taking full membership of the International Vaccine Institute (IVI) Governing Council.
This is a crucial decision in view of the differing views about the future of the Doha Round.
We have also launched a massive campaign to ensure that our farmers convert agricultural waste to valuable nutrients instead of burning them.
The way they have furthered the message of cleanliness is commendable, he added.
That is why, the need of the hour is that humanitarian forces should become more alert and cautious.
The first meeting of the Governing Council of the National Skill Development Mission (NSDM) was held under the Chairmanship of Hon’ble Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi on 2 June 2016.
I am also happy to note that the North Eastern Council has provided support in the development of the North East region.
More than 670 exhibitors including over 150 international exhibitors will take part in the DefExpo.
H.E Kim Hyun-chong, Minister for Trade, Industry & Energy, RoK and Mr. You Young Min Minister for Science and ICT, RoK
I am Happy to be here at Kochi the Queen of the Arabian Sea.
It seeks to increase the bilateral cooperation on the issues of prevention, rescue and repatriation related to human trafficking.
Why can’t you manage your time in such a way that even if you are held up in traffic, you can still reach in time for your exam.
This year, India’s jump in ranking is the highest.
We spoke in one voice of our resolve to promote the reform of the global financial and economic architecture, and expand the role of emerging and developing economies in the International Monetary Fund.
The MoU will be a step forward in engaging with the institutions of Saudi Arabia to attract a potential investment into the infrastructure sector in the country.
It’s the responsibility of everyone to ensure that the words of every Parliamentarian go on record.
Prime Minister Modi and the Prime Minister of Norway H.E. Ms Erna Solberg discussed bilateral matters, especially strengthening of economic relations.
Advancement of the Budget presentation:
The Prime Minister urged to officials to give maximum attention to drip and micro-irrigation, in these upcoming irrigation projects.
The way our scientific community tackles these challenges, will determine our success in smart manufacturing, smart cities, Industry 4.0, and the Internet-of-Things.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
viii. Any other areas of mutual interest
In urban housing, emphasis is being laid on new construction technologies.
PM MODI: The first point is our philosophy is to reach the last man in the line.
The committee includes several Governors, Chief Ministers, Scientists, Journalists, Academicians, Social Workers and Spiritual Leaders.
The festival of Onam is being celebrated in Kerela.
Lakshmi Ji is continuously serving society with her knowledge of herbal medicines.
The Prime Minister asked the people to resolve to make whatever contribution they can for the nation over the next five years, in the run-up to the seventy-fifth anniversary of Independence.
I am deeply grateful to President Magufuli for agreeing to my visit on a Sunday.
We worked twenty-four hours non-stop to ensure the scheme is rolled out in twenty-four days.
We don’t want the path of confrontation.
We reaffirm the commitment for a peaceful, diplomatic and political solution to the situation.
In the course of the Yatra, Shri Kedilaya said that he had reached out directly to 9000 villages.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana provides risk insurance to millions who need it the most.
Through these food parks, we aim to link agro-processing clusters with key production centres.
D. Food Value Chain and Agriculture Areas
Backed by the strength of the best information technology specialists in the world, we are also shaping a digital revolution.
We shall have to continuously keep on repeating this thing.
We commit to expedite the signing of the BIMSTEC Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters, and to early ratification of the BIMSTEC Convention on Cooperation in Combating International Terrorism, Transnational Organized Crime and Illicit Drug Trafficking.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits by 100 young people from science-related educational streams.
Please don’t lose sight of the fact this profession has the capacity to protect, to sustain the entire economy.
Reiterating our resolve to fulfill his dream of a prosperous and developed India, I along with all of you pay tributes to Atalji.
The Multi-Modal Logistics Park (MMLP) at Jharsuguda is built at a cost of Rs 100 Crores.
Apart from this both sides will recognize the mutual benefits of environmental testing or approvals, flight simulators monitoring and approvals, aircraft maintenance facilities approvals, maintenance personnel approvals and aircrew members approvals.
The ICFT between India and Brazil will provide appropriate facilitation to Brazilian investors in India and Indian investors in the Brazil.
Was it possible if a new era of honesty had not been ushered in the country, in the economy of the country?
However, I cannot compromise with the future of the country to protect my present.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited his home town, Vadnagar, for the first time since assuming office of Prime Minister.
Underlining the time-tested strategic dimension of the India Russia relationship, the Prime Minister mentioned the forthcoming first Tri-services exercise – INDRA 2017, between the two countries.
Its impact has expanded far beyond its day of observance.
In the digital world, in the world of data, Aadhaar has given a big reason to India to take pride in this field.
And I hope that Bangladesh marches ahead on the path of progress.
We reaffirm that the prevention of an arms race, including of the placement of weapons in outer space, would avert a grave danger for international peace and security.
e) Waste Management;
There was a time when the world counted India among the ‘fragile five’.
Pained by his demise.
For execution of ongoing overseas/ inland projects besides expected projects in pipeline, TCIL requires experienced and talented senior officers of telecom and IT background as per the requirement of the projects handled by it, from time to time.
There is a shift in energy consumption from West to East.
Pradhans of villages situated on the banks of the river Ganga were invited to Allahabad on the 20th of this month.
We stand with our Sri Lankan brothers and sisters in their hour of need.
Sanitation Ministers from countries across the world and experts on the subject of sanitation will converge and share their experiments and experiences.
We recognize that our geographical contiguity, abundant natural and human resources, rich historical linkages and shared cultural heritage provide BIMSTEC the ideal platform to promote peace, stability and prosperity in our region.
The National Commission for Safai Karmacharis is working for the welfare of both Safai Karamcharis and Manual Scavengers.
Only in the event of extraordinary costs exceeding USD 500 as per Article 9 of the Agreement, the same will be borne by the Government of India.
They also thanked the Prime Minister for the various schemes he introduced andpointed out that most of the schemes have been a life changer for many.
This festival is known for its social and cultural significance.
While it receives regional support at the state level, yet it is representative of the “Indian Railways”.
The member countries may utilize the BRICS Network of Labour Research Institutes and BRICS Social Security Cooperation Framework for cooperation on Social Security and other labour issues.
Memorandum of Understanding on Cultural Cooperation
They have showed that if once the targets are set, spirits are high and with a strong resolve, the set targets can most certainly be attained.
It is a city whose character has been shaped by proud patriotism and generous philanthropy of its residents.
He laid the foundation stone of AIIMS, Awantipora in Pulwama.
Mothers too will remain healthy.
6th International Rice Research Institute to be dedicated to the nation at Varanasi
Bharat Interface for Money i.e. the BHIM app that was launched last year was a tribute to Babasaheb’s financial vision by this government.
The Policy envisages systemic assessment of every field for its ER potential, appraisal of appropriate ER techniques and fiscal incentives to de-risk the cost involved in ER Projects to make the investment financially viable.
BRICS Local Bodies Conference 21.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel’s speciality was that he not only put forth revolutionary ideas; he was immensely capable of devising practical solutions to the most complicated problems in the way.
We are also happy to host the 2018 World Environment Dayton highlight our commitment and our continuing partnership to make the world a cleaner place.
The third proposal approved by the Cabinet relates to the merger of Plan and Non Plan classification in Budget and Accounts from 2017-18, with continuance of earmarking of funds for Scheduled Castes Sub-Plan/Tribal Sub-Plan.
We know how to distribute the fruits of progress and prosperity to the common man.
It is said… this very discussion led to the founding of the Indian Institute of Science.
The transfer of such prisoners to their own native countries shall facilitate their social rehabilitation.
Thus conversion of surplus grains and agricultural biomass can help in price stabilization.
The MoUs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
The airport sector may provide an immediate opportunity to attract foreign direct investment (FDI) by adoption of a PPP approach.
This is the land of Gandhi and Buddha, we have to move forward taking everyone along.
He said the National Sports University is being established, keeping in mind the talent and sporting capability of the youth in the North East.
Access to clean cooking fuel provides major benefits, especially to women and children at risk of exposure to smoke pollution.
The games showcased the best of Korean culture,the warmth of Korean hospitality, and the success of the Korean economy.
It has been decided that the MSP of notified crops will be fixed at least one and a half times of their cost.
Prime Minister Modi recalled his successful visit to the UK in November 2015, and thanked Mr. Cameron for his personal support and contribution to strengthening India-UK ties during his tenure as Prime Minister of the UK.
There is a season for flying kites.
Background:
• The R&D projects will be aimed at accelerating social transformation by providing solutions through application of science and technology.
Contribution to establishment of Mahatma Gandhi Convention /Heritage centre at Jinja.
5 crore people have moved out of poverty in the last two years according to the report.
India and Belarus will continue extending mutual support for each other in multilateral fora.
In the end, I would like to express my gratitude to the chairman and all the members of the North Eastern Council for successfully conducting the plenary meeting in Shillong.
Which show the power of unity, and how big results can be achieved by working together?
He discussed with them, some of the elements of good governance, including Jan Bhagidaari, information flows, optimal utilisation of resources, and people’s trust in governance.
The leaders agreed that terrorist and extremist organisations need to be denied space to radicalise, recruit and conduct attacks on innocent people; for this all countries need to work together to disrupt terrorist networks, their financing and movement of terrorists, including foreign terrorist fighters.
“Congratulations to Donald Trump on assuming office as US President.
Almost 90 years ago, he visited this beautiful part of Sri Lanka, including Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Matale, Badulla, Bandarawela and Hatton.
Emphasizing the importance of “Ease of Living,” the Prime Minister said that the role of the Government should be one of a facilitator, more than a regulator.
This greatly reduces wastage of inputs and increases crop yield besides protecting the soil.
24 by 7 help-lines by Indian Embassies; ‘Open House’ meetings with Indian nationals; consular camps; twitter seva for passport services; and use of social media platforms for immediate access; are some of the measures that we have put in place to convey a clear message that we are there for you when you need us.
India, today took another major step in the fight against tax evasion, “round tripping” and “base erosion/profit shifting”.
The total amount disbursed under this scheme is Rs. 220596.05 Crore
So my brothers and sisters, had a timely cure for this illness was done, I wouldn’t was forced to take such hard step.
While approving the implementation of the 7th CPC recommendations on 29th June, 2016, the Cabinet had approved the changed method of pension revision recommended by the 7th CPC for pre-2016 pensioners, comprising of two alternative formulations, subject to the feasibility of the first formulation which was to be examined by the Committee.
3. The leaders expressed satisfaction at the progress made towards implementing the India-EU Agenda for Action 2020 – the roadmap for bilateral cooperation endorsed during the 13th India-EU Summit.
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
The forms of co-operation under the MoU will be as under:
I feel proud to announce that very soon as a part of our Manned-Space mission, we shall be sending an Indian into space.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people across India on the various festivals.
They can visit the world famous holy places like the Sun Temple of Konark, Lord Jagannath Temple in Puri and Chilka Lake along with enjoying the games there.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the filling of Aji Dam near Rajkot under Sauni Yojana.
And, in Delhi, ASEAN and India renewed their pledge for the journey ahead.
I can’t deny it and I believe that we have the right to doubt that people behind this are very experienced.
For him, the path to achieving those goals passes through Israel.
The cooperation is expected to result in capacity building of Directorate General Factory Advice Service and Labour Institutes (DGFASLI), the technical arm and attached office of Ministry of Labour, India & Chief Inspector of Factories Officers (CIFs) in the field of OSH, Strengthening of Inspection system for meeting emerging challenges, upgradation of laboratories for carrying out applied research in the area of OSH, Development of OSH Standards and development in Safety Culture for enhancing the well-being of the Indian workforce.
We are working hard to create a New India which fulfils the aspirations and dreams of 130 crore Indians.
We understand the critical importance of ensuring that the benefits from growth are shared in a more inclusive manner.
the Stand-up India programme for Dalits, Adivasis and Women,
But if something needs to be done, we shall do it.
Cooperation on cyber issues is a key component of the bilateral relationship between India and the United States.
The President will highlight to senior Indian industry and trade captains the economic opportunities and potential of Afghanistan.
Mahindra and Sanghamitra, the worthy children of King Ashoka made their journey from India to Sri Lanka as Dhamma-Doot to spread the biggest gift of Dhamma.
The Prime Minister emphasized that laws and Acts have to be followed up by action.
The Prime Minister said that India is not just a market of 1.25 billion, we have skills and a government which is open to business.
A large number of such instances have been reported from the eastern part of the country.
Welcoming the Chief Ministers and other delegates, the Prime Minister reiterated that the Governing Council is a platform that can bring about “historic change.”
Let us enable coming generations to live their lives with dignity
Your visit to India comes at an auspicious time, just before the advent of पोयला बोइशाख.
The Home Ministry is in touch with the Assam Government and is monitoring the situation closely”, the Prime Minister said.
And the most important of it all is that they have freed Mubarakpur of the scourge of open defecation.
New AIIMS will add 100 UG (MBBS) seats and 60 B.Sc (Nursing) seats.
India’s defence preparedness is guided by these thoughts.
India has changed a lot in last two years.
The Prime Minister emphasized India’s unwavering commitment to support the efforts of the Government of Afghanistan to this end, as also for the security and sovereignty of Afghanistan.
It envisages a mechanism for marketing of Minor Forest Produce through Minimum Support Price and development of value chain for MFP.
To enable this, there is a need for a new overarching structure that will coordinate with all the relevant stakeholders.
Project is estimated to generate over five lakh direct and indirect employment opportunities.
PM emphasized that people must have universal access to clean, affordable, sustainable and equitable supply of energy as he lamented that although,” we are entering an era of greater energy availability.
They welcomed the idea to launch an online portal that would enable startups, investors, incubators and aspiring entrepreneurs of both countries to interact and provide relevant resources to expand and enable globalization of start-ups.
Atalji was a true patriot.
Which Indian would not be proud of our soldiers?
The Prime Minister will arrive in Daman on Saturday.
It will generate new employment opportunities for skilled banking professionals and will generate opportunities for propagating financial literacy across the country.
• A commitment to the multistakeholder model of Internet governance that is transparent and accountable to its stakeholders, including governments, civil society and the private sector, and promotes cooperation among them;
GST is a shining example of national integration and of fiscal federalism at its best.
The law applies equally to all.
The JDI was concluded on 30th May, 2017 in Germany during the fourth Inter-Governmental Consultations (IGC) between India and Germany between Prime Minister of India and the German Federal Chancellor in Berlin.
India is linked with Belarus under multilateral economic initiatives such as the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU) and the International North South Transport Corridor.
While flying a kite or playing a game, one freely expresses one’s inherent unique qualities.
For a family of six members, the model of one standard Twin Pit Toilet gets filled in about five years.
He said that for Public Sector Enterprises, both profit and generating social benefit are important.
I exclaimed, “India has exploded the bomb!
ii. Encourage the creation of standards related to the use of data in a non-discriminatory manner by FinTech firms and entities.
125 crore Indians nurture a hope, a zeal, a resolve, a desire.
Total five meetings Task Force for BIMSTEC on Trans-power Exchange were held and the draft MoU for establishment of BIMSTEC Grid Interconnection was finalized by the Task Force on 16th Mar 2015.
The Xiamen Declaration signed in China on digital economy by the BRICS leaders had highlighted the importance of the digital economy and how the BRICS nations could leverage the thriving and dynamic digital economy that will foster global economic development and benefit everyone.
My prayers are with those trapped inside.
The Prime Minister said that 3 lakh “dak sevaks” would be the key to provide financial services to every home, every farmer and every small enterprise in the villages.
Revered Babu was a people’s person.
Incorporating a company along with allotment of DIN, PAN, TAN and the CIN is now just one day affair;
Will this, in anyway, benefit him!
It is a region with growing trade and investment.
The G-20 seeks to promote multi-faceted cooperation among the twenty largest economies of the world.
It is also in India’s interest to ensure that all its treaty partners adopt the BEPS anti-abuse outcomes.
He unveiled a statue of Deenbandhu Sir Chhotu Ram.
His was a life dedicated to serving others, the Prime Minister said.
Launches several development projects and schemes
Secondly, the markets must provide benefits to the largest section of our society — namely our farmers.
17. India and the EU reaffirmed their support for the continued full implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) regarding the Iranian nuclear issue.
I went to the school, the foundation of which had been laid by none other than respected Baba Saheb himself.
I believe this is gainful and this kind of a challenge will inspire us to be fit alongwith others, as well.
And that is why the Government of India has taken the initiative of ‘Atal Tinkering Labs’.
Sahastrakund Eklavya Model Residential School was inaugurated by PM on this occasion.
On the other hand, as I’d said earlier, on the 8th to be precise, this drive, this war is an extraordinary one.
(a) Reduction of the total strength of the cadre from 420 to 376.
I told them that for this season why don’t all these organizations and our youth make an effort for water conservation.
A great example of the interconnection between us and Nature is the calendar based on our festivals.
The Indian Industry is quite encouraged by the move.
My dear countrymen, while remembering revered Bapu today, it is quite natural not to skip talking of cleanliness.
The MoU was signed on 9th April 2018.
His phenomenal contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
We assessed the broad progress achieved under different pillars of our bilateral engagement, including our partnership in defence and security.
Prime Minister also appealed to the public to take up Yoga, make it part of life style and thereby help in building a healthy nation.
The Prime Minister appealed to the Cadets to promote digital transactions through the BHIM App, and to motivate others to join that platform.
It is a matter of pride that many of you also speak Sinhala.
These include houses under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, urban drinking water supply schemes, urban solid waste management, urban sanitation, urban transportation and urban landscape projects.
The Prime Minister unveiled a series of development projects for Jammu and Kashmir in Srinagar.
Prime Minister will also address the gathering.
It is essential to develop effective policies to bridge the digital divides, including through supporting people to learn and by adopting new technologies and ensure effective mechanisms for transfer of relevant technologies.
The Prime Minister said that in order to enable all traders to take maximum benefit of GST, we should work towards ensuring that all traders, including even relatively smaller traders with a turnover below Rs. 20 lakhs, should register with the GST system.
At a Sahakar Sammelan in Amreli, the Prime Minister said he was happy to see younger people coming to the fore and taking leadership of the cooperative sector.
These calamities are basically the result of the change in weather patterns.
In his life and beyond, he is one with Africa and Africans.
The leaders noted the growing threat of non-communicable diseases and the urgent need to address the risk factors by, inter alia, promoting healthy lifestyles, controlling sugar and salt intake, promoting physical activity especially among children and youth and strengthening efforts to curb tobacco use.
Many of them have presence on ground.
This city and its people mean a lot to us.
This will help the farmers to sell when they find the market is buoyant, and avoid distress sale.
He questioned practices that were archaic and regressive, and inspired people to change with the times.
In order to ensure that their fellow countrymen could sleep peacefully, these brave sons toiled relentlessly, day or night.
He said that even if there are challenges, that does not mean one must shy away from them.
He fondly recalled the visit of Vice President of India to Malta in September last year and appreciated growing exchanges of visits and strengthening of bilateral relationship.
The Boards of the Port Authority have been delegated full powers to enter into contracts, planning and development, fixing of tariff except in national interest, security and emergency arising out of inaction and default.
I had promised you to save this nation so is my action.
A wonderful account about Savarkarji has been given by our dear honorable Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ji.
And I have heard that more than 1400 cases are still pending for many years now.
Further, ICG Maritime Rescue Coordination Centres (MRCCs) will be the national emergency response centre for marine incidents.
More than two decades ago, India opened itself to the world with tectonic changes.
In our country, people ranging from the common man to the President, have at some point or another, advocated simultaneous conduct of state and national elections.
And, we are also maritime neighbours.
(ii) The weighted average of SUC rates across all spectrum assigned to an operator (whether assigned administratively or through auction or through trading) in all access spectrum bands including BWA spectrum obtained in 2010 auction shall be applied for charging SUC subject to a minimum of 3% of AGR excluding revenues from wire-line services.
And this image too went viral all over the world.
• Affordable renewable power through bundling of renewable power with power from plants whose PPAs have expired or completed their useful life.
The Prime Minister recalled the CRPF jawans who sacrificed their lives in the recent terror attack in Pulwama, and paid homage to all the martyrs who made the supreme sacrifice, defending India.
I would like to give you such an interesting example of how things have changed since 2014.
This year, our Country will undergo Lok Sabha elections.
It calls for international cooperation in information sharing, maintaining confidentiality, training, technical assistance and cooperation in scientific and technical and technological matters.
But it is so powerful that when a fisherman goes to sea for fishing, this App is able to provide guidance for direction to locate the most productive fishing zones and also provide multifarious types of information such as the direction and speed of the wind, the height of waves and so on.
He also appealed to NRI community to motivate at least five foreign families to visit India every year for Bharat Darshan.
He spoke of expanding and modernizing the railway network.
Localization of disaster risk reduction will also ensure that we make the most of traditional best practices and indigenous knowledge.
On the occasion of 150th birth anniversary crores of “Swatchagrahis’ plan to pay tribute in deed and action to respected Bapuji in the form of Swatch Bharat.
These 5 Presses will be redeveloped and modernised by monetisation of their surplus land.
CPS is an integrated system of upcoming technology, which in turn is being taken up on priority basis by countries in the race for development.
It is not that the cleanliness remains confined to that place.
It also gives me happiness to learn that your Centre will create five hundred direct and fifteen hundred indirect jobs in the area.
You may see for yourself, that for your inner development also, these diversities of our country work as a big teaching tool.
They showed keen interest in opportunities that exist, for strengthening the post-harvest infrastructure.
I myself have met the opposition leaders and spoken to them.
Foreign Direct Investment inflows are at an all-time high, rising by 40 per cent.
Today the whole world has changed the way it looks at India.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding between India and Argentine in the field of Tourism.
Working Group Meeting of BRICS Development Banks(on Innovation Financing)( 14 October 2016, Goa) 36.
In this way, the national assets would be utilized in the best national interest.
I am thankful to the people of this country, that after 30 years, they chose a government with absolute majority and this has had an impact on world politics.
How I wish to inspire every strand of darkness
3. Now onwards, any civilian who dies anywhere in the country due to terror attack, LWE violence, firing from across the border, shelling or IED explosion will be given Rs.5 iakh as compensation uniformly.
About, Ayushman Bharat, PM said, around 38 thousand people have already availed the benefits under it in Uttar Pradesh.
Lord Vitthal safeguards the interests of the poor, the deprived ones and the ones who are suffering.
The balance cost of works component of Shahpur Kandi Dam project is Rs. 1973.53 cr.
Both leaders emphasised the need to ensure seamless movement of people between both countries.
If we look around, we can see many such examples.
You cannot shackle technology.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an Agreement for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to taxes on income between India and Iran.
I observe, that a lot of the media discourse today revolves around politics.
We appreciate the friendship you have articulated towards India during your campaign.
BUR has been prepared based on a range of studies conducted at the national level.
i) The Repealing and Amending Act, 2015 (17 of 2015) repealing 35 Acts; The Repealing and Amending (Second) Act, 2015 (19 of 2015) repealing 90 Acts; ii) The Appropriation Acts (Repeal) Act, 2016 (22 of 2016) repealing 756; iii) Appropriation Acts including Appropriation (Railways) Acts; iv) The Repealing and Amending Act, 2016 (23 of 2016) repealing 294 Acts.
I am happy to note that China has taken forward the people-to-people thrust of our exchanges from last year.
Six MoUs have already been signed in this direction.
Rural road connectivity went up from 55 percent to 90 percent;
People lined the streets of Bhilai to greet the Prime Minister.
I look forward to your detailed and frank feedback to help us improve this process.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today chaired his eighteenth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based, multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation.
And what was the objective?
He said that in the first phase of this scheme, an effort would be made to bring about a sea change in primary healthcare.
Several journalists would have regularly interacted with Jagdishbhai over the years.
We should create an enabling environment that provides them maximum opportunities to grow and blossom, and they should be allowed to flourish without limitation.
Iran will continue to achieve new heights under the dynamic leadership of President Hassan Rouhani.
The cost incurred by the Common Service Centre for enrolling a beneficiary will be borne by the Union Government.
· 6th Meeting of BRICS Sherpas/Sous-Sherpas (Buenos Aires, Argentina)
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation and the Ministry of Infrastructure and the Environment of the Kingdom of the Netherlands for bilateral cooperation in the field of water resources management.
Do not forget that you are a child of the universe.
I would like to assure that the steps taken by the Government would help India move into a new league in the years to come.
He will also witness the Exchange of MoUs for Jan Aushadhi Kendras.
The Prime Minister addressed a public gathering on the occasion.
Only we know of the situation we faced at that time.
Benefits & Coverage:
Prime Minister Modi thanked Prime Minister Löfven for Sweden’s support to India’s candidature for non-permanent membership of United Nations Security Council (2021-22) and for Sweden’s support to India’s permanent membership of a reformed and expanded United Nations Security Council.
I am happy that there has been an increase in Digital transactions.
He urged the youth of India to innovate to overcome the challenges facing the nation today, and to improve the quality of life of the common man at lowest possible cost.
27. The two sides agreed to work bilaterally and with partners in the G20, the United Nations and other multilateral fora to address emerging challenges to international security, global economic stability and growth.
Many many thanks.
We have launched the massive Namami Gange initiative.
Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu,
The focus was on deepening the economic ties as the CEOs across several sectors joined the meeting.
Offered all possible assistance to those affected.
He said the entire world has taken note of the technological prowess and creativity of Israel.
He expressed happiness at the large presence of Japanese companies in India.
The Prime Minister mentioned that he cherished both the warm reception he had received during those visits and the fruitful discussions then and in his other meetings with the President in Tehran (May 2016) and Tashkent (June 2016).
This include enabling online learning licenses, increasing validity period for driving licenses, doing away with the requirements of educational qualifications for transport licenses are some of the features.
The Government of Punjab has reported considerable seepage loss due to damages in the lining of both Sirhind and Rajasthan Feeders.
“I will be visiting Sweden and the United Kingdom for bilateral meetings and for the India-Nordic Summit and the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting during 17-20 April 2018.
2. Mental Health and Non-Communicable Diseases;
On the evening of 7th July, I will reach Pretoria in South Africa.
The ethanol supply year 2017-18 is likely to see a supply of around 150 crore litres of ethanol which will result in savings of over Rs.4000 crore of forex.
Experts of Yoga see its daily practice as beneficial in itself, leading to improved health, emotional well-being, mental clarity and joy in living.
The Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Antonio Guterres, will also be present on the occasion.
Shri Narendra Modi asserted that he can see the determination to make a positive difference when he meets women Sarpanches, who, he added, wish to bring about a qualitative change.
2. The decision to give compensation to the victims of cross border firing and enhancing the amount from Rs.3 lakh to Rs.5 lakh to the victims of terrorism or LWE violence was taken by the Government on Wednesday.
Next year, both countries will be celebrating 25 years of the establishment of full diplomatic relations.
The MoU will promote quick and transparent processing of quota allocation and prior authorization for poppy seeds import from Turkey.
Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Disaster Management (22-23 August 2016, Udaipur) 5.
* 1 Gigagram (Gg) = 109 grams; Greenhouse gases are converted to CO2 equivalents (CO2e or CO2eq) using their respective Global Warming Potentials.
“Wishing you all on National Voters’ Day.
During the three years of this government, 2600 kilometer long railway track has been converted in the double line.
Friends, there are four highly respected Audit firms in the world and top companies and institutions entrust these four firms with their audit work.
There was a time when the world used to talk of Red Tape’.
Our festivals are replete with fragrance of the essence of Unity in Diversity and the spirit of One India Great India.
He said the stress has been on preventive healthcare, and improving affordability and access to treatment.
Cooperation in agriculture and livestock with strong emphasis on research, technological development, capacity building and human resource development as well as investment mobilization.
The projects related to Namami Gange will help preserve the River Ganga, he said.
The Noida city, located in Gautam Buddha Nagar District of Uttar Pradesh State, was created under the Uttar Pradesh Industrial Area Development Act.
The Task Force will recommend solutions which can be implemented in a time bound manner.
While launching this scheme, he had said “A clean India would be the best tribute India could pay to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019”.
We are also placing special emphasis on building strong relationships with our neighbouring countries and multilateral fora such as BRICS.
The Prime Minister said that the first phase of the Gram Swaraj Abhiyan, which ran from April 14th to May 5th 2018, had achieved great success in the implementation of seven key schemes of the Union Government in over 16,000 villages.
Share pictures or a video of your cleanliness initiatives on the App.
Foreign Direct Investment in India was at the highest level in 2015-16, at a time when global FDI has fallen.
The Prime Minister mentioned several projects in the region, which are associated with agriculture.
Will this thing be enough?
He was told that Mallamma had protested to press for her demand for getting a toilet built in her house.
India has become the sixth largest economy of the world.
The Paika Rebellion (Paika Bidroha) was fought against British rule, in Odisha in 1817.
I would like AIIB to look into potential investment opportunities in this field and associate with us.
To this end, the 2nd Generation ethanol through lignocellulose Route has been adopted by Oil PSUs for establishing twelve 2G ethanol plants in 11 States.
iii.Export certification for vehicles and components for Europe/South Africa/Malaysia/ Indonesia/Brazil etc. for Indian manufacturers, in collaboration with other authorized agencies.
There was also a reward scheme.
I deeply appreciate the efforts of security forces in curbing the Left Wing extremism which mobilized a lot of youth from these regions to surrender and joined the mainstream.
We note the long overdue outstanding task of ensuring the adequate representation of African States in the UN, especially in peace and security matters.
Several modern medical institutes of USA and Europe have adopted Yoga as an alternative or adjunct treatment for many disorders.
For a young child, such an atmosphere of violence could easily create darkness and bitterness in the heart, but Anjum did not let it be so.
And today you can see that in every sector, the changed circumstances can be seen.
And I will call upon to everyone and would like to tell the government employees, would like to tell the educated youth, the financially sound families to think about a moment and think about those mothers and sisters who live in villages, who live in the shanties of cities and who have been compelled to defecate in the open.
I mean you keep a terrifying pace.
But between 2011-2014, these people were given the opportunity to launder money here and there
The Prime Minister said the combination of development and good governance is essential for the welfare and satisfaction of citizens.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Gujarat on 23rd August, 2018.
The statue is not only a dedication to the Iron Man of India, who unified India, but also a monument of immense pride for all Indians.
The 8th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit, held in January 2017, witnessed participation from 25,000+ delegates from 100+ countries, including 4 Heads of States, Nobel Laureates, Captains of global industry and Thought Leaders.
Enhancing connectivity in all its dimensions- physical, digital, economic, institutional and cultural-is at the heart of India’s strategic partnership with ASEAN.
They noted with satisfaction the expanding cooperation in the energy sector and, in this regard, welcomed the arrival of the first consignment of LNG under a long-term agreement between Gazprom and GAIL, next month.
The High Court of Uttarakhand&Meghalaya quashed the above decision.
He described Ramleela as the festival of victory of truth over falsehood; and of defeating the oppressor.
Interacting with the awardees, the Prime Minister said their deeds of bravery show their decisiveness as much as their courage.
The government is committed to prevent antibiotic resistance.
The existing colleges will help familiarise the farmers with new techniques, thereby contributing to the production and productivity of agriculture in the region.
He said every step taken towards the eradication of this disease, is also linked to the betterment of the lives of the poor.
She rode for 159 days, covering around 300 kilometres every day.
We have launched the Ujjwala programme to provide fifty million families with access to cooking gas.
In January 2016, the Prime Minister, and the then French President Francois Hollande travelled from Delhi to Gurgaon, to jointly lay the foundation stone of the Headquarters of the International Solar Alliance.
The Prime Minister undertook a symbolic ground breaking for a new plot for submergence tolerant rice varieties.
The leaders welcomed that, overall, India has been the number one beneficiary of Erasmus mobility actions in the world since its creation.
Benefits: NIMHR will be the first of its kind in the country in the area of mental health rehabilitation.
He will also address a public meeting.
The Prime Minister said that when MPs are newly elected, they have to stay in hotels and this makes headlines.
Malaysian Association of Company Secretaries (MACS)” is a Malaysian professional body of Company Secretaries whose core objective is to improve and advance the professional competence and status of Practicing Company Secretaries in Malaysia.
The adoption and placing of the Instrument for the information of the Parliament does not create any immediate obligation.
These one crore are not wealthy families.
The Prime Minister mentioned other initiatives taken, such as projects with lines of credit worth more than 3 billion dollars; scholarships; and e-visa arrangements.
Projects stuck for years, are now progressing.
And that is why it becomes our collective responsibility… Let us be lovers of nature, protectors of Nature, conservers of Nature… and thus, ensure spontaneous balance in her myriad bounty.
We see resistance and suspicion of others, but our resolve is strong and your faith and trust guides us forward.
“India’s weightlifters are also lifting our position in the medal’s tally.
Prime Minister Modi welcomed the United States’ repatriation of antiquities to India.
My dear countrymen, I shall urge you to take up the New India Pledge and move ahead.
Keeping this mantra of Gandhiji in mind while making any purchases during the 150th Anniversary of Gandhiji, we must make it a point to see that our purchase must benefit one of our countrymen and in that too, one who has put in physical labour, who has invested money, who has applied skill must get some benefit.
Referring to the Jal Ambulance and Jal Shav Vahini launched today, the Prime Minister said that these represent the drive for development even through water-ways.
And when your mark sheet arrives, if they are not happy with that, they will not see you but only me.
We are rolling out a pension scheme for crores of our informal sector workers.
No one spoke about protecting cows more than Mahatma Gandhi and Acharya Vinoba Bhave.
He spoke of the similarity in rural life in the two countries.
Your Excellency, State Counsellor, Distinguished members of the delegations, Members of the media,
xi. The existing ground handling policy is being replaced with a new framework to ensure fair competition.
Approval of the Union Cabinet will help in monitoring of the precious Inter-linking of River Projects to be carried out under National Perspective Plan 1980 of Government of India.
He will participate in Swachh Shakti- 2019.
TB Free India Campaign to be launched
There is another key area, where media can play an important role.
The Nation can never forget their contribution, he said.
Firmly committed to democratic ideals, his strong opposition to the Emergency will always be remembered.
He referred to the rapid pace of infrastructure development.
By completing those 99 big projects before 2019, we shall fulfill our commitment.
The focus of conventional systems of healthcare, unfortunately, is more on cure, rather than on prevention.
1. Human Resource Development (HRD) sub-scheme: HRD sub-scheme proposes to provide assistance for Placement Linked Skill Development training to unemployed persons @ Rs. 15,000 per person, for skill up-gradation training to employed workers @ Rs. 5,000 per employee and for training of trainers @ Rs. 2 lakh per person.
If we do not manage this growth, in terms of both planning and execution, the risk of economic and human losses from disasters will be higher than ever before.
The Agreement was signed in Riyadh on 2-3 April, 2016 during the visit of the Prime Minister to Saudi Arabia.
This not only shows how India is changing but also represents how the world’s perception about India is changing.
I will discuss with PM Rutte as to how the two sides should work to further harness the synergies.
Indian Jews are a living and vibrant connect to this shared history.
He said that this is also the result of breaking silos within the working of the Government.
Elections should just be a bi-product.
v. Establishing high end mobile BSL 3 Lab facilities in India; and
I congratulate all our Cricket and Hockey team players from the core of my heart.
It is a rare opportunity for you people as well.
The Prime Minister said GST had hugely benefited the nation’s economy, by eliminating long waiting times at inter-state borders.
36 white industries have been taken out from the requirement of environmental clearance.
He added that these social security schemes of the present Government not only help people effectively deal with the uncertainties of life, but also empower them to rise over the financially difficult situations of the family.
If it’s not for today, it will never happen again; such was the mood of the people of the country.
India is now ripe, for a sweet revolution.
He has given a brief but very beautiful message to all students.
• I am grateful once again to all of you for having joined hands together for the implementation of GST
Modi is a different kind of leader.
Both India and Australia recognize the central value of education and innovation in the prosperity of our societies.
India has tabled a draft of the Trade Facilitation Agreement for Services at the WTO.
Many international companies in India have taken a lead in contract farming initiatives.
So from this Pune soil I want to appeal everyone that be a law respecting and following person.
But, it is also a major factor for peace, stability and security in our region.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
The permanent site of NIT, Andhra Pradesh has already been finalized at Air-Field lands of Tadepalligudem Mandal in West Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh.
Hon’ble Chairman, heartiest congratulations and good wishes on behalf of the House and on behalf of the countrymen!
• Smaller projects in health, education and industrial training sector.
States have to use that money for forestry, for greenery, for planting trees and plants.
Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) is collaborating with number of countries for fostering bilateral and multilateral ICT cooperation.
In the context of BRICS, it was being said that the “I” in BRICS was shaky.
• Promoting voluntary norms of responsible state behavior in peacetime, including the norms identified by the UN Group of Governmental Experts in the Field of Information and Telecommunications in the Context of International Security;
And a detailed work is underway to develop such villages in the Rurban Plan.
Our membership of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization provides a strong institutional link to our engagement with Central Asian nations.
· 3rd Meeting of the BRICS Working Group on Prevention and Monitoring of Natural Disasters (Pretoria)
I want the Indian economy to be driven by smart and sustainable cities, robust farm sector, vibrant manufacturing and dynamic service sector.
46. Prime Minister expressed his thanks to the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques and to His Royal Highness for ordering the release of 850 Indian prisoners from Saudi jails.
However, it has been put intopractice by D. Prakash Rao.
When we think of Mr. George Fernandes, we remember most notably the fiery trade union leader who fought for justice, the leader who could humble the mightiest of politicians at the hustings, a visionary Railway Minister and a great Defence Minister who made India safe and strong.
This idea was born when PM Costa visited India earlier this year.
We have done this with the intention of giving them a free hand.
Similarly, there is adequate delegation of financial and administrative powers which will distinctly establish NMCG as both responsibility and accountability centre and effectively accelerate the process of project implementation for Ganga Rejuvenation.
The Scheme also includes survey and investigations, preparation of DPR etc. of water resources projects on the common rivers with neighbouring countries like Pancheshwar Multipurpose Project, Sapta Kosi-Sun Kosi Projects in Nepal which would benefit both countries.
Develop international standards
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to an accident in Chittoor District of Andhra Pradesh.
A very good afternoon.
I request you all- remember our country and not Modi.
The NH-8 is an important highway connecting Vadodara and Ahmedabad.
I am happy to learn that one core fifty seven lakh persons of Tamil Nadu State are covered under this Scheme.
The way shown to us by Atal Bihari Vajpayee in the matters of Jammu and Kashmir is the best way.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Badminton Player P.V. Sindhu on winning Korea Open Super Series title.
6. Research & Development
His thinking was much ahead of his era.
Our country is beginning a new journey this year, 2017, when the dream of ‘One Nation, One tax, One market’ has become a reality.
The success of our joint efforts in nuclear power generation is a proud achievement of our cooperation.
Now I am not aware if you all worked righteously or participated in malpractices!
Sinhala and Tamil were the court languages.
The total cost of the proposal for the period from 01.01.2017 to 31.03.2020 including Central and State Government share isRs.12,661crore.
Development of any country and consumer protection are complementary.
The Prime Minister specially mentioned all those people who are working tirelessly to keep India clean, noting that they were the ones who had most imbibed the spirit of Vande Mataram.
Prime motive is creation of jobs and narrowing the gap between affluent and lower sections of society.
Many Central Government agencies are engaged in flood rescue and relief operations.
Guru Gobind Singh ji preached the virtues of sublime human values and at the same time, practiced them in his own life in letter & spirit.
We worked to brighten the lives of people in these villages and took electricity there, he added.
However, there is great potential still.
The export of honey has doubled.
It is a great pleasure for me to have an opportunity today to get your blessings.
Transformations that aim to uplift:
Among the projects reviewed today are: Phase-II of the Multi-Modal Transport System for Hyderabad and Secundarabad; the Angamaly-Sabarimala Railway Line; the Delhi-Meerut Expressway; the Renok-Pakyong Road project in Sikkim; and Phase-5 of the project to strengthen power infrastructure in Eastern India.
3. Reduction in incidence of communicable diseases.
He said the projects whose foundation stones are being laid today will give impetus to Bihar’s development.
There are times when both die.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its approval for signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the field of Human Resource Development.
5. Leather Technology, Innovation and Environmental Issues sub-scheme: Under this sub-scheme, assistance is proposed to be provided for upgradation/installation of Common Effluent Treatment Plants (CETPs) @ 70% of the project cost.
For us in Government, this is a blessing.
Today, I am not asking you all to put your lives at stake.
At present, only way to reach Itanagar by air is to get down at Guwahati Airport and travel either by road or by Helicopter service.
Portals and Social Media associated with Consumer Protection have also been integrated.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government had taken a number of steps for farmers’ welfare in the last three years.
The Cabinet also approved the Renewal of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) & The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales
Your decision to honour Indian soldiers who laid down their lives in the Liberation War of 1971 has deeply touched the people of India.
Thank you very much.
Such students, who fulfill the eligibility criteria, and shortlisted through a selection process, as laid down in the PMRF Guidelines, will be offered a fellowship of Rs.70,000/- per month for the first two years, Rs.75,000/- per month for the 3rd year, and Rs.80,000/- per month in the 4th and 5th years.
Long distance education and technology will make the task of education simpler.
The function began with the recital of the 5 Buddhist precepts.
Gandhiji trained Satyagrahis and this inspired us to prepare Swachchagrahis.
Customs clearance can take place at internal Customs locations thereby avoiding clearances at Border Crossing Points and ports that may often be congested.
The Prime Minister called for focus in the next one year, on how to mitigate diabetes through Yoga.
The implementation of this pay revision will enhance the teachers’ pay in the range of Rs. 10,400 and Rs. 49,800 as against the extant entry pay due to the implementation of the 6th Central Pay Commission for the pay of teachers.
And in most cases, that quest, has led them, to Yoga.
The Summit emphasised the Indian Government’s strong commitment to innovation and digital initiatives as key to prosperity and sustainable development, with national flagship programmes such as Make in India, Startup India, Digital India and Clean India.
Prime Minister shared the resolve expressed by Secretary Tillerson on taking further steps in the direction of accelerating and strengthening the content, pace and scope of the bilateral engagement.
Narmada Seva Yatra is an excellent mass movement to protect the Narmada and conveys a larger message of saving the environment as well.
It was this call for Convenient Action that led India, along with France, to form the International Solar Alliance.
This lecture will be the first in a series.
Space and science
The requirement of road, rail and waterways is enormous.
He said that the current Union Government had been elected on the mandate of Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
His life, struggle and contribution to the creation of Bangladesh will continue to inspire future generations.
Today, Sri Lanka takes pride in being among the most important centres of Buddhist teachings and learning.
Ms. Aishwarya and Ms. Saundarya briefly performed the “Maithreem Bhajatha.”
This is not only an issue of social media.
Our united resolve, strength and determination to work hard remembering the memory of our great patriots will help us to build an India of their dreams by 2022.
Today, our strong agricultural base provides us a solid launch pad to create a vibrant food processing sector.
I pray that the injured recover soon.
So today, while India has made its fastest train, it has also eliminated all un-manned railway crossings.
The world celebrated both the Yoga Days, 21st June 2015 and 2016 with greatfervour.
This will also benefit the backward districts of North Eastern States including Mizoram.
The T20 World Cup will showcase quality sporting talent among the players & will popularise cricket among blind persons.
He said the number of such centres across the country has reached 2300.
37. I tell those who believe in human values, to weigh in the scale of humanity, when innocent children were massacred in a school in Peshawar.
In a way, entire India received his blessings.
They did a lexical analysis of all the episodes to calculate the frequency of occurrence of particular words; whether there were some words that were oft-repeated!
Naming many such saints from various parts of India, across different eras, the Prime Minister mentioned BabasahebAmbedkar who ensured for every citizen of India, equality, through the Constitution.
In the commodity markets, the spot market is not regulated by SEBI.
Gangajal project aims to bring 140 cusecs of Ganga water to Agra.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO scientists, on the successful testing of Scramjet Rocket Engine.
We are a young country and job creation is an opportunity as well as a challenge.
This is the power of double engine.
By reducing crop burning & conversion of agricultural residues/wastes to biofuels there will be further reduction in Green House Gas emissions.
– at a speed that you prefer;And, be it:
The Bill would pave the way in changing the names of the High Court of Judicature at Bombay as High Court of Judicature at Mumbai and High Court of Judicature at Madras as High Court of Judicature at Chennai.
BRICS Handicraft Artisans Exchange Programme(6-15 September 2016, Jaipur) 66.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eliminate leprosy from this country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi’s vision.
His birthplace was Patna, Karmabhoomi was north India and the last moments were spent in Nanded.
He said that from a time of “policy paralysis”, India had moved to “Reform, Perform, Transform.”
He said that out of 13 crore loans given under Mudra Yojana, more than 75 percent have been given to women entrepreneurs.
Doubling of 18 km long Chikjajur-Mayakonda Section is another highlight.
The Central Government will provide interest subvention of 5 per cent per annum to all prompt payee farmers for short term crop loan upto one year for loan upto Rs. 3 lakhs borrowed by them during the year 2017-18.
I am delighted to welcome you all to PETROTECH-2019, the thirteenth edition of India’s flagship hydrocarbon Conference.
Gentlemen present on the dais and brothers & sisters of Pune now gathered here in large numbers.
You must be wondering why Rajani did that !
iv) Maternal, child and neonatal health;
All the 1.55 lakh Post Offices in the country will be linked to the IPPB system by December 31, 2018.
Whatever post he held in his life, he always tried to live like a teacher, an educator.
What is his hurry to come to power?
He said the Swachh Bharat Mission has become a mass movement in a short time.
Wherever we are, we must pay two minutes tribute to our martyrs.
Nyari Ki Baat Nyari, Aji Kare Razi (Nyari is unique and Aji can make you to agree).
He said Swachhta, or cleanliness, is the key to prosperity.
There is an information exchange about best practices, network of researchers and linking research with practical implementation.
There are various definitions, types, schools of Yoga and ways to practice Yoga that have emerged.
To make full use of the road infrastructure it is necessary to embrace technology to enhance transport productivity and safety.
You should participate in this initiative and especially I urge you to make you children witness these campaigns.
However, it is my request to all my friends that it is a very sensitive and emotional moment and the nation stands united in its fight against terror.
Curriculum is made by you only; you conduct the exam; Rules and Regulations are also made by you, and your institute only punishes the culprits.
May there be eternal peace.
And in the same manner, the squirrel belonged to Rameshwaram and therefore the squirrel can be his parasol.
The MoU was signed during the 10th BRICS Summit in July, 2018 in Johannesburg, South Africa.
He also suggested to bring maximum areas under CCTV surveillance network.
Another MoU is proposed to be signed with Sri Lanka.
iv. Developmental testing for the automotive industry, OEMs and components both, for their product development needs.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released a commemorative postage stamp on former Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Late Shri Hemvati Nandan Bahuguna.
This offers immense potential for the growth of any venture, in terms of outreach and job creation.
However, over the last three years, there has been a sea change in the response of Governments, both at Central and State level.
And, together with the global community we can, and we must, combat the rising threats of radicalization, extremism and terrorism.
While awarding the 2018 Seoul Peace Prize, the Award Committee recognized Prime Minister Modi’s contributions to the growth of the Indian and global economies, crediting ‘Modinomics’ for reducing social and economic disparity between the rich and the poor.
This inclination should be ingrained within us like a sanskaar.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today interacted with Collectors and Officers-in-charge of aspirational districts, at a Conference organized by NITI Aayog at the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre in New Delhi.
• to the development of the nation,
Our wide-ranging agenda of cooperation under the 3rd ASEAN-India Plan of Action has progressed well covering the three crucial pillars of politico-security, economic and cultural partnership.
What I am doing must be happening in families as well.
Thousands participated in this campaign.
A lot of data mining is still left; so I really don’t know what will be the actual figure!
These units will serve as anchor customer for this pipeline and ensure its viability.
This is the birth anniversary of the great hockey player, hockey wizard, Major Dhyan Chand ji.
I want to ask them- do you support our armed forces or suspect them?
Their courage and heroism inspires every Indian”, the Prime Minister said.
President Rahmon himself is very familiar with India.
My thanks to all the political parties for this.
This would help in getting over the shortage of technical manpower and infrastructural facilities and would contribute to the development of agriculture, including animal husbandry, horticulture and fisheries in the region.
The Government has taken a number of steps to boost investment.
You can find details of this plan on website.
The diversity has been India’s greatest strength and has also brought India together.
15. This is for the benefit of those families whose members may be unwell.
On the completion of 70 years of NCC the time demands that we should take a look at these things like: where we came from, where we have come and where we want to take the country.
Among the rising African economies, Kenya has been one of the strongest performers.
The Prime Minister said that defence and security are two important pillars of the India-France Strategic Partnership, and appreciated the growing bilateral engagement in all sectors.
The Protocol will also revise the existing treaty provisions on mutual assistance in collection of taxes.
Answering a set of questions on stress of parents, and parental pressure, the Prime Minister said that the performance of children cannot become a calling card for the parents.
The proposed joint mission will be devoted to maritime domain awareness, with the objective to provide relevant data and services to both nations.
Credit seeking facility from the banks and NBFCs has been eased to ensure the required working capital for MSME industries.
The people who spin charkha, the people who are associated with handloom are also earning their livelihood.
So, to defame the Opposition by saying that all opposition parties are against us — when some people do this, it is wrong.
· Meeting for BRICS Ministers for Labour & Employment (LEMM) (Durban)
We condemn them.
India has been facing the menace of terrorism for years.
However, I can happily say that even now I receive a hand written letter every month from one of my teachers, who has turned 90 now.
This creates problems for an honest person in buying property.
We got urea 100% neem coated.
In order to maintain transparency we have launched online process.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi made these important announcements during a televised address to the nation on the evening of Tuesday 8th November 2016.
9. The Indian side appreciated Qatar’s participation in the International Fleet Review and DEFEXPO in India in February and March 2016, respectively, and the increasing visits of Qatari delegations to India’s Naval and Coast Guard establishments.
I would like to conclude my message with a couplet – ‘It cannot be that one succeeds each time.
Thank You very much.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the revised cost estimate for Rs. 3727.30 crore for the National Automotive Testing and R&D Infrastructure Project (NATRIP).
The MoU lists out the areas of cooperation on drug matters between the two countries.
Lopamudra, Gargi, Maitreyee…it’s a long list of names.
He constantly worked for the welfare of the underprivileged & marginalised”, the Prime Minister said.
Addressing the gathering in Pune, he said the government is placing great emphasis on connectivity infrastructure.
India and Afghanistan have already signed an “Agreement on strategic partnership” between the two countries in October, 2011.
When we come to know of such examples, we too feel inspired every moment of our life.
Today is the day to give importance in our lives to service, sacrifice and compassion.
It has been a matter of concern for all of us that corruption and black money tend to be accepted as part of life.
Greed has driven the mankind to dominate and degrade our natural habitat.
And it’s not just about you acquiring the right to Vote.
Your Highness, under your leadership, we have been successful in creating new synergies in our ties.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed sadness over the loss of lives due to collapse of a building in Mumbai.
He said that the festival represents the image of a New India.
I congratulate them.
Let us ignore the temporary hardship
I am happy to be at Cancer Institute, Adyar.
PM e-inaugurated the Only Women Engineering College at Ramgarh.
This Summit is the grand finale of our joint year-long commemorative activities, organized in India and in ASEAN countries, which provides us a valuable opportunity to review our journey so far and chart our future path.
Usually they were built at a vast area of land, and often away from the residential areas.
He spoke of policy initiatives, holistic approaches to development, spirit of innovation, and technology.
Swami Vivekanandji, not only left his mark on the world, but also gave new energy and a new confidence to the freedom movement of the country.
Last leg of PM’s visit tomorrow will be in Hubli, Karnataka.
The Prime Minister strongly urged officers to adopt a positive attitude to new initiatives.
How did it happen?
The Prime Minister called for greater bilateral and multilateral cooperation against terrorism.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the 9th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Summit on 18th January,2019.
Some people take pleasure is spreading pessimism.
• Clean and safe drinking water.
The Prime Minister thanked the World Bank President, for the Bank’s continued guidance and support in India’s efforts to improve ease of doing business.
Gross budgetary support from the Government of India and external financial support for funding development and maintenance of 106 new National Waterways under National Waterway Act, 2016, is grossly inadequate.
In this context he gave examples such as 3 crore children having been vaccinated; 1.75 lakh kilometres of rural roads built in the last 4 years; electricity reaching every single village; 85 lakh homes electrified since October 2017; 4.65 crore gas connections reaching the poor; and more than 1 crore homes being built for the poor in the last 4 years.
More than one lakh houses were handed over to beneficiaries, across 26 districts of the State.
PM will hand over the keys to selected beneficiaries for the e-Gruh Pravesh of houses constructed under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (PMAY).
He said Adi Shankaracharya’s penance still exists in the present form of Indian culture – a culture that accepts all, and moves forward together.
Agreement for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to taxes on Income.
The Indian space programme has put India among the top space faring nations.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will be attending 9th BRICS Summit in Xiamen, China from 3-5 September 2017.
We will coordinate our positions in order to develop a credit rating industry that is transparent for the market participants and independent from political conjuncture.
• Memorandum of Understanding between the Government of the Republic of South Africa and the Government of the Republic of India regarding the Setting up of the “Gandhi Mandela Centre of Specialisation for Artisan Skills” in South Africa.
The Prime Minister emphasized that the pursuit of science is fulfilled through the achievement of two objectives: generation of profound or disruptive knowledge; and use of that knowledge for socio-economic good.
This is indeed, a possession that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogi, and even a common person.
1. Exchange & training of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and experts;
And despite the widespread adverse reaction globally, Atal ji did not buckle under pressure, and showed the world that India is “Atal,” the Prime Minister said.
This current is now running within our hearts too.
He said that while some of them become well known and are talked about by the media, there are many others who make valuable contributions, even though they remain largely unknown.
The Minamata Convention on Mercury will be implemented in the context of sustainable development with the objective to protect human health and environment from the anthropogenic emissions and releases of mercury and mercury compounds.
It is anchored in the belief that our people are pivotal partners in our effort to craft responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
Third, impact on society
This is the best time to be here.We have set up dedicated ways to help investors on a one to one basis.Above allI assure you that I will be always available to hold your hands in your journey.
No special tools or fields are needed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Rohan Bopanna and Divij Sharan on winning Gold in Men’s Doubles Tennis event at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta – Palembang, Indonesia.
Now, not in Maharashtra alone but in each corner of India, Ganesh Utsav is celebrated publicly.
It will produce 251 Million Units of electrical energy every year, and boost the socio-economic development of the State.
They have already created 27 farm ponds.
These guidelines which were notified in February, 2012 will not be required for separate JV by the DPSUs.
He said that success stories are vital to change the negative psyche and mindset in these areas.
He said that towards this end, the partnerships with Sweden and the other Nordic countries are very important.
(ii) Railways will retain their functional autonomy and delegation of financial powers etc. as per the existing guidelines;
During my visit, I will also have the opportunity to interact with the participants and winners of the joint India-Singapore Hackathon.
The openness of our economy welcomes every country in the world, brings Indian consumers closer to the global players.
It will channelize Gol funds as well as institutional funds while ensuring that the various corridors are properly planned and implemented keeping in view the broad national perspectives regarding industrial and city development, and will support project development activities, appraise, approve and sanction projects.
The Minister conveyed to Prime Minister Modi, greetings from President Sisi of Egypt.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkarji.
This could not have been achieved by Government alone.
In the last four years, 7.70 crore toilets have been constructed.
Implementation Strategy
Towards mainstreaming the potential of AYUSH the policy envisages better access to AYUSH remedies through co-location in public facilities.
In that situation, two persons worked in right earnest and developed a dwelling structure that saves the house and its occupants, mitigates the water-logging and can prevent water borne diseases also.
That is why we should move forward with this spirit.
TB free India Campaign will take the activities of National Strategic Plan for TB elimination forward in Mission mode.
The transfer of Government land for construction of Peripheral Master Road in Mansa Devi Complex (MDC), Panchkula will usher in growth and development in the region leading to more employment generation.
It is designed in such a way that it can be implemented in a scalable manner in all phases of disaster management.
Festivals infuse new life into individuals as well as the society.
He will lay the Foundation Stone for four 500-bedded hospitals at Hazaribagh, Dumka, Palamu and Jamshedpur.
Thus, I can clearly see the inheritance that our forefathers have given us.
The TIWB Programme complements the efforts of the international community to strengthen cooperation on tax matters and contribute to domestic tax mobilisation efforts of developing countries.
Earlier he also expressed sadness over loss of lives in forest fire in Portugal.
It aims to minimize the regulatory burden and provide support to startups.
My thoughts are with his family and those mourning the demise of a distinguished air warrior and fine human, Marshal of the IAF Arjan Singh.
Prime Minister will also address a public gathering at Kauhar.
No additional funds are required as to be expended on account of declaration of Scheduled Areas.
We also have to make our political democracy a social democracy.
He said Dr. Kalam reflected the simplicity, depth and calmness of Rameswaram.
We are all aware that a few days ago, ISRO has successfully launched the GSAT-19.
We have to prepare a far reaching plan keeping in view the Olympics in 2020, 2024, 2028.
This is the change.
However, I take satisfaction in the fact that this is the second Summit between India and Portugal within a period of six months.
Diabetes is the master switch that triggers all other illnesses.
• Indian investments in Tanzania already total around US$ 3 billion; and
Empowerment is another form of self reliance.
“Saddened by the loss of lives in Bangladesh due to landslides.
The objective of the scheme is to make available at ground level, agricultural credit for Short Term crop loans at an affordable rate to give a boost to agricultural productivity and production in the country.
They came from different places.
In fact, May 1857 was not only evaluated as a minor historical incident but was also an attempt to dent our self-respect.
He recalled the services of former Parliamentary Affairs Minister, late Ananth Kumar for his contribution to the Lok Sabha.
It is the only solution to radicalism.
Productivity Linked Bonus (PLB) equivalent to 78 days’ wages for the financial year 2017-18 for all eligible non-gazetted Railway employees About 11.91 lakh non-gazetted Railway employees are likely to benefit from the decision Payment of 78 days’ PLB to railway employees has been estimated to be Rs. 2044.31 crore
In order to remain relevant to the industry, we should design our courses according to the global requirements and benchmarks.
During the interaction, Prime Minister expressed delight in the collective strength displayed by the farmers through the formation ofFarmer Producer Group and FPO (Farmer Producer Organisation), enabling them to get agricultural inputs at low cost and marketing their produce effectively.
The airport sector is the top contender among infrastructure sectors in terms of international interest.
The second commitment period of the Kyoto Protocol was adopted in 2012.
He laid the foundation stone of Defence Corridor in Jhansi and unveiled various development projects.
Prime Minister welcomed the delegation to India.
Today is the 26th of March.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the area of Mirzapur holds immense potential.
We have also agreed to finance the diesel oil pipeline from Numaligarh to Parbatipur.
The dream of “Ek Bharat – Shreshtha Bharat” is inherent in this.
“Greetings to the teaching community on the special occasion of Teachers Day.
This could be happening in every state.
88. We acknowledge the 8th World Water Forum held in Brasilia, the world’s major water-related event, held in the Southern Hemisphere for the first time, which contributed to establishing water as a priority at the global level.
We were a credible first responder during the earthquake in Nepal, evacuation from Yemen and during humanitarian crises in the Maldives and Fiji.
This is the 150th birth anniversary year of Mahatma Gandhiji.
While exchanging the expertise and experiences on latest techniques and technologies, both the countries can learn and improve their skills.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to Tsunami after the eruption of a volcano in Indonesia.
I have seen for myself the human suffering caused by disasters.
Revenue from export of agriculture and horticulture items will improve economic conditions of NER.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has recalled the courage and compassion of Lord Christ on Good Friday.
He said this new Centre will strengthen this process.
The project will provide an alternative route for the population of Sajwal and Indri Pattian.
I pray for the safety and well-being of those in the flood affected areas”, the Prime Minister said.
So many members spoke in the debate in the Parliament.
Greeting the people on Vijaya Dashami, the Prime Minister said, he is fortunate to be a part of this ancient tradition of Ramleela.
You might also be aware that UNICEF has recently announced findings of a survey in India.
I have visited this beautiful country earlier in 2014 for the ASEAN-India Summit, but this will be my first bilateral visit to Myanmar.
Earlier there were five IISERs at Kolkata, Pune, Mohali, Bhopal and Thiruvananthapuram.
Today, another feather has been added to its cap.
He added that the whole country takes inspiration from them.
Our sole mission and motive is development.
Your participation in Vibrant Gujarat has generated a strong interest in Indian businesses to connect with commercial and investment opportunities in Kenya.
I have also started the process of cleansing of the economic and financial systems of the country.
Thirdly you must’ve seen that Mauritius route came up in almost everything.
In Central Asia too, we have built our ties on the edifice of shared history and culture to unlock new vistas of prosperous partnership.
This year, we have taken BRICS to our cities and provinces and linked it directly to our people from different walks of life.
These niche petro-chemicals will find use in paints, inks, coating, detergent, and in many other articles.
In this context, he urged the Council members to work towards establishing strong linkages between the educational institutions, R&D labs, industry and various government departments.
(i) That the Madhya Pradesh Government will surrender the land measuring 0.89 acres at 2, Gopinath Bardolai Marg, Chanakyapuri, New Delhi to L&DO/MoHUA after completion of the construction of its State Guest House on the allotted land.
The Prime Minister said that Varanasi is emerging as a centre for medical science in the region.
Railways can now contribute in a much better way in meeting the transport needs of the country.
I warmly recall my visit to Brazil in 2014.
He said the Kisan Sampada Yojana is helping strengthen the supply chain from the farm to the market, and creating modern agriculture infrastructure.
About 1.6 million people lose the fight against diabetes.
The Maharashtra government has transformed this activity into a people’s movement.
The signing of MoC will enable cooperation in the following areas:
The Prime Minister mentioned how international organizations and agencies were looking at India very differently today, as compared to 2013.
With the gift of demography, dynamism and demand — and with rapidly maturing economies — India and ASEAN will build a strong economic partnership.
We celebrate Air Force Day on the 8th of October.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel on his Punya Tithi.
The Prime Minister said that human rights should not be merely a slogan, but also a part of our ethos.
Shri Modi lauded her impressive achievements and extended his best wishes for her latest venture.
I do not regret anything.
Our Government was elected first and foremost on the promise to provide clean Governance and end the prevailing regime of corruption and nepotism.
Like Satyam, Hundreds of thousands of youth leave schools to join colleges.
The Prime Minister appreciated their efforts and wished them the best for their future endeavours.
Thank you for constantly supporting our champions.
But some comments are made by BJP, some say Sangh Parivar, some independent groups, communal colour is added to it and not just from one party but from other parties as well.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the MoU between India and Thailand in controlling narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances, their precursors and chemicals and drug abuse.
Our partnership spans the un-breakable bonds of history that have linked the national movements of India and South Africa.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has called upon everyone to become a part of ‘Swachhata Hi Seva Movement’.
If possible, we can make the elder family members accompany these children to the playground and play with them.
Over the last ten to twelve years, 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes were used less for legitimate transactions, and more for a parallel economy.
3. Visits of relevant specialists of both sides for participation in joint events;
We get our daily bread from Ganga, we get our earnings from Ganga, and we get a new source of energy from Ganga to live our lives.
In your smiles, I saw the joy of this relationship.
More than 100 innovators/startups are expected to receive some support for productizing their innovations.
The Prime Minister will interact with officials in-charge of transformation of over 100 districts.
In the last one year since India became a full member of the SCO, our interaction with the Organization and its member States has grown considerably in these areas.
29. People would be the driving force behind the establishment, rather than the other way around – Tantra se Lok nahin, Lok se tantra chalega.
60. The Sides stated the necessity of early adoption of rules, norms and principles of responsible behavior of States in the use of ICTs, as well as enhancement of international cooperation in the field of countering the use of ICTs for criminal purposes by developing international legal instrument in this sphere.
My thoughts are with her family and admirers in this hour of grief.
Addressing the gathering, he said sports should occupy a central place in the lives of our youth.
One can also use a ‘Khadi’ handkerchief to welcome people, and be a support to the innumerable underprivileged.
I am visiting the Republic of Korea at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in.
• The gift of a communications satellite for use by neighbours at no cost has perhaps no precedent worldwide.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Monday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors including petroleum and natural gas, power, renewable energy and housing.
Climate Change is a big challenge faced by every country.
The proposed MoU will contribute to create opportunities for collaboration in areas such as exploitation of hydrocarbons and other marine resources, as well as management of ports and tourism development for the mutual benefit of all stakeholders within the framework of the Joint Task Force (JTF).
He felt she had more a rightful claim on the reward he had got and gave away the thousand rupees to her.
The Prime Minister said that if man does not nurture nature, then nature reacts in the form of climate change.
The MoC covers the following areas of cooperation:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, visited Kauhar, Amethi in Uttar Pradesh today.
d) making separate rules for coastal vessels to develop & promote coastal shipping.
Our engagement and agreement on cooperation in the financial sector will help us in accessing greater resources for infrastructure development.
NRIs and PIOs have made outstanding contributions to their chosen fields.
Intensive monitoring and inspection of Grossly Polluting Industries has been taken up.
Entire global community is very much optimistic about the Indian economy.
The Prime Minister visited the AJI-3 dam site, and witnessed the release of water from the gates of the dam.
“Saddened by the demise of Shri Balramji Dass Tandon, the Governor of Chhattisgarh.
It will have a capacity of 100 MBBS seats; 60 B.Sc.(Nursing) seats..
“Former MP and Speaker Shri Somnath Chatterjee was a stalwart of Indian politics.
He will lay the Foundation Stone of Pune Metro Phase-3.
I say all this because, friends, today is National Science Day, the festival of science in this country.
Strengthening India-Bhutan economic relations and inter-linkages especially in the field of hydro-power co-operation and overall deepening of India-Bhutan relations.
Capacity Building, Defence, Industry, Science and Technology.
It is setting up a locomotive manufacturing plant in the relatively poor state of Bihar.
We have to radiate a positive energy.
Whose cultural legacy is this?
He said that Yoga could lead to a calm, creative and content life, removing tensions and needless anxiety.
This also helped in improving efficiency.
During the course of a presentation on the subject, senior officials from various Government departments apprised the Prime Minister of action taken so far, and progress made on this programme.
Let me assure you that our commitment is strong and our motto is to replace Red Tape with Red Carpet.
The Prime Minister visited Kerala to review the situation arising out of floods in the State.
The project is expected to cost US$ 2.1 billion with capacity to produce 2.4 million tonnes of Urea and 1.35 million tonnes of Ammonia per annum and dedicated supplying to Indian market.
The Indian Prime Minister responded that it was important to work out long term arrangements whereby the interests of both the peoples could be safeguarded in future.
It may be recalled that 10% reservation to economically weaker sections was introduced in rest of the country through the 103rd Constitution Amendment in January 2019.
On the Citizenship Amendment Bill, the Prime Minister assured the people of Assam and North East that their rights and opportunities will be protected.
PM to inaugurate Lower Panazara medium Project under PMKSY
My dear countrymen, in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, All India Radio too infuses myriad novel hues of creativity and imagination.
May this medium always remain a focal point of learning, discovering, entertaining and growing together.
So friends after 8th November India is seeing enhanced strengthening of both bigger as well as smaller ones.
Further various diseases-related health indicators have also shown improvement, such as:
It will evince more interest in Football in every generation.
Jatayu gives us the message of fearlessness, the Prime Minister said, exhorting 125 crore Indians to be Jatayu in the face of terrorism.
The Prime Minister called for discussions on matters such as judicious use of water resources, better technology for storage, and use of latest technology in farming, during this Krishi Kumbh.
The MoU provides for cooperation in the fields of agricultural research; veterinary field including capacity enhancement of Palestinian Veterinary services and Animal Health; irrigation and climate change.
Upma Chawdhry were present during the interactions.
India supports all efforts to find an acceptable solution to all the pending issues, including Jerusalem.
One can see a clear difference in the pace of work during the three years of the previous government and this government.
The Rashtriya Bal Puraskar awards have been given in two categories: Bal Shakti Puraskar to individuals; and Bal Kalyan Puraskar to institutions/individuals working for children.
2. Eligibility – Minimum service period of 15 years before superannuation except in case of death.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that 125 crore Indians are his family and he is committed to working for their welfare.
The Prime Minister exhorted the Secretaries to work beyond the silos of their respective Ministries for the development of the country.
Our industry has progressed towards Industry Four Point Zero and other innovative technologies including Artificial Intelligence, 3-D Printing, Robotics.
He called for expeditious action to establish BRICS rating agency and stated that cooperation on development of Africa should be a priority.
During the wide-ranging interaction, which lasted nearly four hours, the Prime Minister urged the Officer Trainees to express their ideas and thoughts to him frankly and without fear.
Obstacles have been replaced by optimism.
The Government of India is committed to implement evidence based traditional systems of healthcare in public health.
The project will benefit farmers by reducing the water leakage from the dam and make more water available for the farmers.
To educate their children and educate them well, this concern for the children to get good education should increase further and a greater awareness should come about.
He said that the museum will have world class facilities and will increase the tourism potential of the State.
PBD now celebrated once in every two years, provides a platform to the overseas Indian community to engage with the government and reconnect with their roots.
SENIOR OFFICIAL AND SECTORAL MEETINGS:
People of this country who work day and night, they are my inspiration.
Before arriving on the dais, the Prime Minister visited an exhibition on government schemes.
I am also happy to announce a Line of Credit of US dollars 500 million to support Bangladesh’s defence related procurement.
She has established a precedent in the direction of women empowerment and farming.
The MoU was signed on 16.4.2018.
This will benefit about 48.41 lakh Central Government employees and 62.03 lakh pensioners.
Prime Minister also paid tributes to legendary Indian Hockey player Major Dhyan Chand.
This is a major step towards empowerment of working women.
Our festivals are linked with the agriculture and harvesting, rivers and mountains, our history and our rich cultural traditions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated, and laid the foundation stone, of several major highway projects at Udaipur in Rajasthan.
I thank those people, who provided critical and important feedback.
It is clear in front of everyone
The MoU will facilitate working together for strengthening the accounting, financial and audit knowledge base within Oman.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ‘in-principle’ approval for setting up a Major port at Enayam near Colachel in Tamil Nadu.
I can list out some of the recent global recognitions: India has moved up in the index of Ease of Doing Business of world Bank; We have moved up 32 places in last two years in the Global Competitive- -ness Index of the World Economic Forum – this is higher than any other country; We have also moved up 21 places on the Global Innovation Index of WIPO, the World Intellectual Property Organization in two years.
The Prime Minister said that basic facilities such as roads, electricity and water, are being extended to the rural areas surrounding Varanasi as well.
Total investment of USD 5 Million will be made by TCIL in the form of Equity from its internal resources.
It is a feature in the life of most of the successful players that they compete with themselves.
And she was happy to show it to me, when I went there.
The expenses are reduced as well, and the gift is well utilized too.
Structured cooperation between the key institutions handling capacity building in India and USA is considered to be important.
We were also one in agreeing that BRICS need to work together and act decisively to combat this threat.
He was the President, but all through his life, he saw himself as a teacher.
Union Minister for Women and Child Development, Smt.
“Pained by the attack in Manchester.
He said that Industry 4.0 will change the way industry operates, with new technology and processes.
The restructuring will make the programme flexible, result-oriented, competitive, and will enable the Ministry towards to reach the goal of increasing coverage of sustainable Piped Water Supply.
He said that India has the highest mobile data consumption in the world, and is also the country where data is available at the lowest price.
Thirdly, first time we have brought in E-Mandi concept.
Happy New Year
Some Indians have made it their aim and purpose.
Some are using vegetable colours, while some are pasting bits and pieces `of paper.
Young teachers associated with this campaign find out a free time of two hours from their busy schedule and contribute in this stupendous mission of bringing out a social transformation.
Externally, it appears just an incident But, its extraordinary lesson is that if you place faith in the people, it leads to most handsome achievements.
58. We recognise the importance of BRICS scientific, technical, innovation and entrepreneurship cooperation for sustainable development and to enhance inclusive growth.
There will be hundreds of peaks from India.
Air links have expanded rapidly and we are extending highways deep into continental Southeast Asia with new urgency and priority.
• According to the estimates from Controller General of Accounts, the expenditure in April-June this year has been 30% more than the same time previous year.
India has been ranked at third place in the new Power Ranking in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council.
And if we stick to the same routine, we may perhaps keep facing the same disappointment.
27. The river Ganga has a special significance for India.
And, it is a wise Afghan proverb that says, Kabul be zar basha be barf ne: May Kabul be without gold rather than snow.
My dear countrymen, as Prime Minister, there are numerous tasks to be handled.
The GST process revealed the spirit of cooperation and bipartisanship”.
Hence, for such assets, institutional investment from pension, insurance and sovereign wealth funds are likely to be more forthcoming.
With metro rail in place, there will be less vehicular traffic on roads leading to less congestion, less time and cost of journey, less consumption of fossil fuel and less environmental pollution.
We have also agreed to further strengthen our wide-ranging cooperation in hydrography for a secure and peaceful maritime domain.
Ninth, ensure that the opportunity to learn from a disaster is not wasted.
And his visit to India is of special significance to us, because tomorrow he will participate in our Republic Day celebrations as the Chief Guest.
India-Myanmar partnership is defined not just by good words and pure intent.
You can also provide it on MyGov.
Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL’s) Ennore Coastal Terminal was dedicated to the nation on this occasion.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with them.
This is the change in levels of corruption.
•Receives blessings from Mother Hira Ba at Gandhinagar
35. Unity in diversity is our greatest strength.
500 more seats to added in J&K Medical colleges soon, says PM
In fact, over the years, they have been continuously expanding and diversifying.
He noted that persons of Indian origin are today Prime Ministers of Mauritius, Portugal and Ireland.
I appeal to the listeners of ‘Mann Ki Baat’ to provide this information about Jan Anshadhi Kendras to the needy ones – it will cut their expense on medicines.
I pray for Tomy’s sound health and I am sure that his courage, bravery and resolve to fight and emerge a winner will inspire our younger generation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of veteran journalist and former Rajya Sabha member, Kuldip Nayar.
However, during this festival of independence, I will remember our young tribal children from remote forest areas, who have unfurled the Tricolour on the Mount Everest, further enhancing its glory.
The MoU will help improve food safety standard setting by getting access to best practices and facilitating food trade of important commodities.
Some Indians have made it their resolve.
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
The Prime Minister thanked the President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, and Rosneft, for their commitments and support to the energy sector in India.
Towards this end, real-time monitoring towards progress of nutrition outcomes was discussed, especially in the worst performing districts.
In fact, there are such youngsters bringing home medals and records.
They appreciated, in particular, the outcome of the India-Iran-Afghanistan trilateral consultations and looked forward to the resumption of India-US-Afghanistan consultations in New York later this month.
At a large public meeting, the Prime Minister dedicated the modernized and expanded Bhilai Steel Plant, to the nation.
He will also address the gathering.
Working Group Meeting of BRICS Development Banks(on Local Currency Financing) (14 October 2016, Goa) 35.
Components of PM-AASHA:
Chartered accountants can start a new career in this field by becoming insolvency practitioners.
I invite you to write to me about your thoughts that I, as your representative, as your Pradhan Sevak should talk about from the Red Fort.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for the signing and ratification of the Extradition Treaty between India and Lithuania.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
The first consignment of the high speed diesel reached Myanmar on 4th September 2017.
Amritsar also happens to nurture an old and steadfast connection of warmth and affection with Afghanistan.
He collected money from people.
Our ability to mount and execute large, transformational national missions requires effective partnerships that integrate with a large stakeholder base.
Currently, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
I also want to share another bright news with you.
10. Two crore people apply for passports in the country.
BRICS Convention on Tourism 15.
He said the houses being made today have a toilet and an electricity connection.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted people on the occasion of Guru Purnima.
Get away from technology, and try to spend some time with yourself.
Now, farmers will have RuPay Debit Cards, which they can use anywhere.
We thank Portugal for your consistently support for India’s permanent membership of the UN Security Council, as well as of the multilateral export control regimes.
• Prime Minister Modi and President Widodo noted that India and Indonesia are friendly maritime neighbours with deep civilizational links between the people of the two countries, including the common heritage of Hinduism, Buddhism and Islam.
Those bringing home the medals are from smaller towns.
“Congratulations to Yogi Adityanath Ji, Keshav Prasad Maurya Ji, Dinesh Sharma Ji and all those who took oath today.
The MoU on the Joint Issue of Postage Stamp was signed on 24th July 2018.
The ‘Swachhata Hi Seva Movement’ commences on 15th September.
Areas of cooperation include smart urban solutions, liveability, sustainable and integrated urban planning, re-development and land use, integrated solid waste management including waste to energy, sustainable transport systems, water and sanitation management, energy efficiency, resource mobilization and other related areas mutually agreed upon.
But, when Uri happened you saw what our brave soldiers did.
In one stroke, a unified market of 1.3 billion people has been created.
As a nation, India’s villages, poor, farmers, youth, educated and uneducated men and women, have all displayed infinite patience and people power.
Over the last 3 years we have seen a spirit of positive competition among states towards making business easier.
Let me welcome you once again to India, and wish you a fruitful and productive stay.
The HEFA would be formed as a SPV within a PSU Bank/ Government-owned-NBFC (Promoter).
Skill India aims to ensure that new entrants to the work force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century.
It is wonderful to see over five hundred Indian companies, along with over one hundred and fifty foreign companies present here.
They are now producing record harvests and scaling new heights despite facing natural adversities.
On the 5th of May, India will launch the South Asia Satellite.
It is the need of today’s time that we must talk about the God of worship and nation God together; during worship we should remember our God of worship and Mother India together.
His presence will be sorely missed.
He said India is scaling new heights in economic development, and added that the vision of “Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas” also includes the people of Nepal.
Government programmes are not active in the productive pre-monsoon months.
Each of these IIMs will construct an area of 60384 Sqm, which will have complete infrastructural facilities for 600 students in each IIM.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Women and Child Development; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Minority Affairs.
When the money is spent in the proper way then the roads are being laid up to villages, when the money is properly utilized then an opportunity for doing something for the oppressed, exploited and excluded people of the country is created.
This is for the benefit of those who may be travelling at this time.
It also appreciated India’s assistance for facilitating post graduation and doctoral education in agricultural sciences for candidates from Myanmar.
I share the grief of those who have lost their near and dear ones in this natural calamity.
The United States reaffirms its commitment to join the Agreement as soon as possible this year.
In a way it had a tone of challenge as well as advice.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
From Mahatma Gandhi to Shastri ji, Lohia ji, Chaudhari Charan Singh ji, Chaudhari Devi Lal ji – they all recognized agriculture and the farmer as vital aspects of the nation’s economy and also for the common man’s life.
12. For our economy to succeed, we need a strong banking system.
Who does not know about the Bangladesh Freedom Struggle of 1971?
The Prime Minister recounted instances in the past when the growth rate had fallen below 5.7 per cent, witnessed in the last quarter.
Do not see it as just garbage.
I am told Masala bonds will also be available for trading here.
The occasion was marked by prayers and chanting of hymns at the Dam at Kevadia.
The projects will also boost fertilizer production, and significantly enhance medical, and sanitation facilities in Bihar.
These initiatives have resulted in 42-place jump in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last four years, he added.
Government of India has focused on Port led development through the Sagarmala program as a key enabler for economic growth.
The estimated cost of the project is over Rs. 43,000 crore.
I recently met a few bankers, who shared inspiring stories from their survey.
A new found confidence has been generated in the business community.
The Prime Minister said that through initiatives such as International Yoga Day, efforts are also being made to see that India emerges as a global thought leader once again.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Sahibganj Sewerage Treatment Plant, and the Madhusudan Ghat, under the Namami Gange initiative.
I am hopeful that this new course will further consolidate the financial skills of new aspirants joining this profession.
The SSB was set up in 1963 to inculcate a sense of security, promoting national awareness and security consciousness in the border population.
Meeting the demand of the copyright industries, these treaties will help India:
The benefits of participation in AMF TCP are shared costs and pooled technical resources.
G2B/B2B Agreements
They adopted a Joint Statement on Cooperation in Combating Terrorism with a view to deepening their strategic and security cooperation, and expressed their strong commitment to combat terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, based on a comprehensive approach.
These include access to credit, access to market, technology upgradation, ease of doing business, and a sense of security for employees.
They further discussed stepping up effective cooperation to combat terrorism in all its forms and promoting regional stability and security.
Both Sides agreed that while drawing-up the mechanism to resolve the Korean Peninsula issues it is necessary to take into account and address concerns related to its proliferation linkages.
On the one hand, they have displayed exemplary capabilities in restoring peace; on the other, they have retaliated in equal measure, in a language the attackers understand.
I was recently told that in Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra, the Hivrebazaar Gram Panchayat and its villagers have addressed the problem of water shortage by treating it as a major and delicate issue.
47. Both sides will continue their strong partnership in the development of fusion energy, building on the agreements to which they are parties, including under the Euratom-India Cooperation Agreement on Fusion Energy research.
India’s cooperation with Tanzania will always be as per your needs and priorities.
An International seminar on the life and teachings of Shri Guru Nanak Devji will be organised in New Delhi.
Phase-1 of the project comprising trunk infrastructure along with Exhibition cum Convention Centre will be implemented and commissioned by December 2019.
Your vision will expand.
I convey my sincere regards to the government of Uttarakhand for organising this event.
India is changing fast into one of the most open economies in the world today.
You are all aware of the huge capital requirements for improving urban infrastructure.
Various provisions like online payment of bills including BHIM APP, online booking of railway tickets, and electronic delivery of scholarships and pensions to bank accounts have greatly reduced the burden on common people, Shri Narendra Modi added.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Finance.
The region can also look into combining a few popular destinations of the neighbouring countries with their tourism circuits.
A balance between these two in the lives of our citizens will take our nation forward.
There is ample evidence that practicing yoga helps combat stress and chronic conditions.
My dear countrymen, an audit and assessment of the performance of the present government in the last three years is happening all over on newspapers, social media or TV for the last 15 days..
In that interview, field Marshal Sam Manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a Colonel.
When fully operationalized, this ferry service will also enable movement of vehicles.
Distinguished visitors,
It was on the 9 th of January, when our revered Mahatma Gandhi returned to India from South Africa.
The objective of FCTC is to provide a framework for supply and demand reduction measures for tobacco control at the national, regional and global levels.
Thailand has emerged as an important trading partner of India in Asean and is also one of the important investors in India from Asean.
Fourteen (14)Finance Commissions have been constituted in the past.
He said this is the result of the collective efforts of the people.
The more help you give in this campaign, the more successful it will be.
It would also enable creation of a bank with scale comparable to global banks and capable of competing effectively in India and globally.
People of Prayagraj are also very enthusiastic about the Kumbh.
The policy is applicable on all government tenders where price bid is yet to be opened,
More than 3.15crore children and 80 lakh pregnant women have been vaccinatedin 528 districts through Mission Indradhanush.
Indian Railways has decided to convert all Diesel Locomotive to Electric Locomotive during its mid-life rehabilitation and utilise them till their codal life.
· Child has received first cycle of BCG, OPV, DPT and Hepatitis-B or its equivalent/substitute.
The MoU envisages strengthening the technological, scientific and management capabilities of India and the European Union in the field of water management on the basis of equality, reciprocity and mutual benefit.
The first allocation of Group ‘A’ Technical post was fixed at 189 in 1976.
You must have noticed in the Budget that we have decided to do something unconventional.
The Prime Minister has also approved Rs. 50,000 each for those seriously injured due to storm.
In spite of the hurdles, Sonali not only chose Kabaddi but excelled in this discipline.
We will deploy our complementary technological strengths to create high value jobs, enhance productivity, promote trade and investment and tackle shared challenges.
We are ready to address grievances of all sections within the framework of the Constitution.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, arrived in Washington DC on Monday afternoon.
Salient features of the MoU
We welcome cooperation among energy companies of both States in modernizing the existing power stations and building new ones in the territory of India.
We in India are focused on Ease of living –through Good Governance, Sustainable Livelihood and through Cleaner Environment.
The signing today of the MOU on Mutual Recognition of Degrees is a landmark development that will benefit the students and societies of both our countries.
The 1988 Olympics were held at a time of many changes in the world.
The Agreement was signed on 1st October 2018 at New Delhi in the presence of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and President of Uzbekistan Mr. Shavkat Mirayoyev, by the Minister for Science & Technology and Earth Sciences, Dr. Harsh Vardhan on the Indian side and Minister of Innovative Development, Mr. Ibrohim Abdurakhmanov on the Uzbek side.
Many good wishes to all of you for the year 2019.
Accordingly, the Chandigarh Housing Board advertised a scheme titled as “Self-Financing Housing Scheme” on lease hold basis for 99 years for the employees of the Chandigarh Administration in the year 2008.
Around 15,000 women are expected to participate in this year’s Swachh Shakti event aimed at empowering the women.
Gujarat is the land of Lothal; how can we forget these aspects of our history, he added.
Rs 2000 per extra tonne
The Prime Minister explained the significance of serving the poor and the needy, as described in the scriptures.
He said he will approach the subject by drawing a contrast between the past and the present, to illustrate the kind of results that can be achieved when national interest is prioritized.
The government continuously endeavours to take a feedback from them.
Japan has always been a valuable partner in India’s journey to economic prosperity, infrastructure development, capacity building and technology advancement.
Over the years, the role and responsibilities of PESO have increased manifold and expanded into diverse fields.
7. For your immediate needs, you can go to any bank, head post office or sub post office, show your identity proof like Aadhaar card, voter card, ration card, passport, PAN card or other approved proofs, and exchange your old five hundred or thousand rupee notes for new notes.
Q. What kind of Israeli imports does India seek?
At times, sensitive events touch me a little too deeply.
I see great untapped potential in this for investors.
He credited him with ending the superstition associated with Noida, by coming to this city.
Our villages must get their due.
It should be our endeavour to ensure that this money is spent well for the development of the region.
25. There is no question of being soft of terrorism or terrorists.
He said the world is focused on Asia, and therefore, naturally to India.
I have no two minds about it.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the nation on the auspicious occasion of Bhai Dooj.
I do hope that you will pay a visit to the National Soldiers’ Memorial and the National Police Memorial.
· Unutilized infrastructure in existing engineering colleges to be leveraged for skill training courses.
And, is defined by our commitment to change the face of the Indian economy.
Mahatma Gandhi International Sanitation Convention will conclude on 2nd October, 2018 with the commencement of Bapu’s 150th Birth Anniversary celebrations.
It is not just economy and society that is racing ahead.
It is being said about India’s economy that the ‘sleeping elephant’ has woken up and has started racing.
The delegation shared their perspectives with Prime Minister on further strengthening cooperation and people-to-people exchanges between the two countries.
People gathering for Yoga, people like you gathering for Yoga in different countries, in parks, in open grounds, on the sides of the roads, in offices and homes, in hospitals, in schools and colleges, in the historic buildings, have been providing further energy to the feeling of this universal brotherhood and global friendship.
And therefore, we can observe that the world has in its own way accepted the significance of the Car Festival of Lord Jagannath, The Rath Yatra.
Therefore, keeping in view the strategic relevance of cooperation for sustainable development and inclusive economic growth, the signing of MoU is necessary in the context of cooperation extended by the Members in various forms for promoting and facilitating trade of goods and services as well as investments in mutual projects among the BRICS countries.
The operational oceanography is an activity of conducting systematic oceanographic studies towards providing information services to various sectors viz. fisherman, disaster management, shipping, ports, coastal states, navy, coast guard, environment, offshore industries for conducting their day-to- day operations.
We welcome the growing cooperation in energy among BIMSTEC Member States.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condoled the loss of lives due to train accident in Amritsar.
My Government is investing close to Rupees10,000 crores for a comprehensive improvement in the power transmission system in the North Eastern States.
At Chennai, he will attend the event to mark the inauguration of the Amma Two Wheeler Scheme – a welfare scheme of the State Government.
Early settlement of legacy issues will help the banks in disbursement of food credit in the larger interest of numerous farmers of the State and uninterrupted continuity in food procurement operations to ensure food security for the nation.
His answers were embellished with wit, humour and a number of different illustrative examples.
They protect us from adversity, be it on the borders as well as in times of natural disasters and accidents.
The MoU was signed on 7.11.2016.
However, it has lost relevance.
In this context, he said that all concerned must fulfil, in accordance with the Constitution of India, whatever responsibilities have been assigned to them.
It got traced only when I came.
Similarly, this Monsoon Session will bring in a new spirit after the successful implementation of GST.
He recalled that in 2014, people had voted to free the nation from corruption.
This is the nobility of your heart and the strength of your friendship.
On the one hand is the problem of terrorism; on the other is the challenge posed by corruption and black money.
Your presence is a source of motivation for business leaders as well as young entrepreneurs gathered here.
The App presently covers seven programs of the Ministry of Rural Development.
We encourage cooperation between the CRA and the IMF.
The Cabinet has also directed that while implementing viable National Waterways projects, all such components that can be done on PPP basis, should be explored accordingly and government funding may be used only if private investment is not forthcoming for any component
During his remarks, the Prime Minister underlined India’s commitment to prudent macro-economic policy, rule-based multilateral trading arrangements, responsible climate policy, and growth which creates jobs and reduces poverty.
The two Leaders agreed to follow up on the discussions that they have had, and to carry forward the bilateral relations with meetings of the following mechanisms within the first half of 2017:
These are the basic building blocks of resilience at the household level.
We opened up 100% foreign direct investment in food processing.
Prime Minister Netanyahu and I agreed to do much more together to protect our strategic interests and also cooperate to combat growing radicalization and terrorism, including in cyber space.
To promote coordinated global action to tackle plastic pollution including through the Commonwealth and India’s role as host of World Environment Day 2018.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Nagaland on their Statehood Day.
As the world’s largest democracies, we are natural partners.
But my dear brothers and sisters, in a recent report the WHO has said that because of the cleanliness campaign three lakh children were saved.
You speak one of the oldest-surviving classical languages in the world.
The regulator will follow the best practices of regulatory processes, which will help ensure that it performs its functions professionally and as per the applicable laws.
It was signed between Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), India and the Cyber Security Department, Ministry of Public Security, Vietnam on 3rd September 2016 at Hanoi.
Only peaceful families can constitute peaceful society.
3. Relief assistance to Sri Lankan refugees staying in camps in Tamil Nadu and Odisha.
Can anyone imagine the level of risk, which the aware citizen of my country is taking to expose such elements!
He mentioned Varanasi, Bhadohi and Mirzapur as important centres of the carpet industry.
They agreed to continue to work together for further strengthening India-U.S. bilateral relations in 2019.
The city that was the gateway to the West, South and Central Asia,will once again be the hub that will unite the regions in a peaceful pursuit of prosperity.
Since taking office, this government has placed emphasis on many transformative initiatives.
They reiterated the importance they attach to ensuring freedom of navigation and overflight and exploitation of resources as per international law, including the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, and settlement of territorial disputes by peaceful means.
The Prime Minister said the advent of GST on July 1st marks a turning point in the country’s history.
This kind of a facility exists only in two places in the world.
Talking about trends he said there are many films now which depict both the problem and the solution which is a positive sign as compared to earlier years when only the helplessness was displayed.
And so my dear brothers and sisters, this is a golden chance for you to disclose your undisclosed income.
He will lay the foundation stone for Bhadbhut Barrage, to be built over the Narmada River.
In addition, Government also increased the basic limit of income tax, from Rs. 2.5 lakh to Rs. 3 lakh for senior citizens.
He stated that the Government is making all efforts to ensure health care facilities for all especially for those who can’t afford or find it costly.
The scheme is designed to be dynamic and aspirational and it would take into account any future changes in the exclusion/ inclusion/ deprivation/ occupational criteria in the SECC data.
We should involve foreign and NRI PhD students in post-doctoral research in our projects.
The blood, sweat and tears of our people are mixed into this earth and have formed between us an eternal bond, written into the soil of this land.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the signing of Memorandum of Understanding with Malaysia on development of a Urea and Ammonia manufacturing plant in Malaysia with off take to India and/or off take of existing surplus Urea from Malaysia to India.
In the last four years, we have laid emphasis on empowerment of poor people.
This is a big loss for the BJP & the nation.
The 700 bed hospital, will have different facilities like surgical oncology, radiation oncology, medical oncology, anaesthesia, palliative care and nuclear medicine, besides hostel rooms for doctors and attendants of cancer patients.
And for our Afghan brothers and sisters, it revives the beauty, the richness and splendor of lost memories of Afghan society.
The Geneva Accords relating to the situation in Afghanistan had been signed earlier that year.
They decided that the other Line of Credit of US $ 500 million be operationalised soon.
The two leaders agreed to take forward the unique and multifaceted bilateral co-operation to new heights for the benefit of the people of Bhutan and India.
Whole India is grateful to him for allowing us this distinction.
Prime Minister Modi received the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina, at Santiniketan.
These measure are expected to give a boost to educational, health and cultural facilities in Haryana.
As in the past, we will continue to support the aspirations of the people of Uganda – in agriculture and healthcare, education and training, infrastructure and energy, capacity building in government and training in defence.
In the context of the Koradi Power Station, the Prime Minister said that the energy sector is of great importance in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister distributed packed milk to select school-children to mark the launch of Kanha Milk Scheme for students in government schools.
Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay (25.9.1916 – 1.2.1968) was a prominent leader, who pledged his life to the service of the nation.
The Prime Minister launched the DISHA Portal – a smart governance tool developed for MPs and MLAs for monitoring of implementation of various Programmes and Schemes of different Ministries in their constituency through a single portal.
62. We will build together an India, where there will be no place for nepotism and corruption.
The High Speed Railway cooperation between India and Japan is a shining example of the strength of our cooperation.
In addition, all ASHA workers and their helperswould be provided free insurance cover under Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana and Prime Minister Suraksha Bima Yojana.
During 2016-17, overall an amount of Rs 2187 crore was raised by NABARD in the form of Government of India fully serviced bond as EBR.
The Congress divided Andhra Pradesh and their conduct then was shameful
In this regard, we have introduced flagship program Start-up India with 1.4 billion Dollars fund for four years to create a startup ecosystem in India.
Overloading of two wheelers
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will address the inaugural session of Advantage Assam – Global Investors Summit 2018, in Guwahati tomorrow.
He said that the Government’s focus has been to ensure that all Indians have access to the basic needs of human beings.
Government has already increased the MSP of kharif crops by following the principle of 1.5 times the cost of production.
Student from Indian Educational School, Kuwait, Ma.
“Tributes to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel on his Punya Tithi.
The Convention also provides flexibility to exclude a specific tax treaty and to opt out of provisions or parts of provisions through making of reservations.
The criteria proposed for a Cat I route are a flying distance of more than 700 km, average seat factor of more than 70% and annual traffic of 5 lakh passengers.
The traditional and friendly relations between India and Cambodia are deeply rooted in civilizational ties.
I urge the citizens of Surat to actively take part in this year’s Yoga Day in June and the ‘Run for Unity’ in October.
The Treaty is likely to increase investment flows between the two countries.
On April 7, 2018, the two Prime Ministers comprehensively reviewed the entire spectrum of multifaceted ties between the two countries.
In order to be able to influence and change global fashion, our industry first needs to have a thorough knowledge of its market.
2. The goals/targets aligned with National Health Policy, 2017 and SDG-3.
iii. Initiate capacity building of relevant official(s) in regulatory institutions, including in a world of new threats around cyber-security, financial fraud etc.
I will also interact with the Indian community briefly.
The occasion also marked the closing ceremony of the Narmada Mahotsav, which generated awareness about the River Narmada, in various districts of Gujarat.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the transfer on lease of 6.5628 acres of Defence land to Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan(KVS) at Air Force Station Kanpur (AFS Kanpur).
The Prime Minister called for research, which is a fusion of Arts and Humanities, Social Science, Science and Technology.
The Sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority.
• Open acreage policy allowing bidders to choose the acreage they wish to explore
Today is indeed a red letter day in the history of the North-East.
The Prime Minister said that the 21st century is described as Asia’s century.
5. The Agreement provides for Mutual Agreement Procedure for resolving any difference or for agreeing on procedures under the Agreement.
I am delighted to be in Madurai, famous for Minakshi-Sundareshwara Temple and a place that owes its name to the auspicious blessings of Lord Shiva.
And as a trainee journalist he had worked with DharamvirBharati.
It provides learnings for life, which enrich our thought process.
At the stroke of the midnight hour today, together we shall ensure a pioneering future of the nation.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana, Sonepat.
The experienced Veda Krishnamurthy gives a much needed stability to the middle order.
India attaches great importance to ties with Central Asia and always seeks to expand economic and people-to-people ties with the region.”
From 1857 to 1942, the people of India, with their ardent desire for freedom, came together, fought together, and suffered hardships; these pages of history are an inspiration to us for building a glorious India.
We welcome the best and brightest to study and work in the UK, especially in subjects and sectors that develop the skills and capabilities that will boost the prosperity of both our countries.
It was during the previous government.
A few days after the first meeting of the Constituent Assembly, on December 17, 1946 he had said-
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed pain over the loss of lives due to the fire in Mumbai.
With the new lowered elevation level (EL) of 341 metre, the Mandal dam will now have storage of 190 MCM.
This is also because we are among the top 10 FDI destinations listed by UNCTAD.
This will be in addition to such reservation available in Govt. of India jobs also.
· Meeting of Experts on Tax Matters – 18 to 19 June (Cape Town)
He said if America becomes stronger, India will be a natural beneficiary.
He said the Union Government has accorded the highest priority to ensuring that the benefits of its schemes and initiatives reach the intended beneficiaries.
And he derived a lot of Santosh, that is, satisfaction through his deed.
Excellency Putin, I am aware of your deep affection for India.
On the occasion of International Day of Yoga, the UN released ten stamps.
The exchange of land is not only beneficial to the State Government & AAI but also to the people.
The signing and ratification of the framework agreement on International Solar Alliance by Mauritius has opened up new vistas of regional partnership for both countries in this field.
In view of the critical role played by India in securing international consensus on climate change issues, this decision further underlines India’s leadership in the comity of nations committed to global cause of environmental protection and climate justice.
We value Japan’s global leadership in innovation, technologies and best practices.
We all feel proud of the fact that the farmers of our country are rooted to traditions and also take interest in modern science, they keep trying and resolve.
A system in which villagers will be able to look after their villages will be in place soon.
The Prime Minister described the World Sufi Forum as an assembly of those, “whose life itself is a message of peace, tolerance and love.”
He particularly recalled Brigadier Usman, who had embraced martyrdom defending the nation in 1948.
It is the editors who select and decide what is important.
And it clearly shows how much dynamism is there in our trade and investment relationship.
All of us have to take our nation to newer heights.
· This would contribute to an improved investment climate in the country.
The 750 bed annexe of Guru Gobind Singh hospital will be dedicated to the nation by the Prime Minister.
This Bhakti Aandolan had reached north India from south India via Maharashtra and Gujarat.
Since its introduction in 2006 hundreds of thousands have received cows through the Girinka program.
Now, a century later, we witness that the people of India continue to share that feeling towards truth and goodness.
The MoU was signed on July 07, 2016 at Pretoria in pursuance to the Inter-Government Agreement between two countries for cooperation in Science & Technology.
The Prime Minister said that the Central Government has given a huge thrust on improving the infrastructure in the region.
Every time the inputs that come in response to every episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, are analyzed in detail by the government.
He said that whenever he would discuss official matters with President Pranab Mukherjee, the President would guide him and offer constructive feedback.
You also have ‘articled assistants’ and their number is also close to two lakhs.
It is my firm belief that the Monsoon Session will provide an opportunity to all the Political Parties and the MPs to enter into a dialogue of the highest quality with value addition for taking major decisions in the larger national interest together.
These provisions have been meticulously shortened to 280 sections in the Bill.
The successful development of IndMax technology by IndianOil is an example of innovative thinking which is now on the commercial application stage.
• Secure its society;
And this is not just a tax reform; it is a new economic order that will strengthen a new culture of honesty.
The officers of central services are posted both at the Centre and in the states yet they work in unison for India.
Even beyond the immediate target of five years, perhaps on the occasion of its platinum jubilee, the Thanthi must think of what the next seventy five years will be like.
I am glad that in this interview you have not avoided the reality, you’ve faced it, you’ve talked about it.
He said that the Swachh Bharat Mission has led to significant increase in sanitation coverage in the country.
Thrust areas include Internet of Things (IOT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Big Data, Smart Factory, 3D Printing, Electric Vehicle, Advance Materials and affordable healthcare for the elderly and disabled.
I strongly believe that we should create institutional networks to understand and advocate such reforms.
Out-bound tourism from India is growing at one of the fastest rates in the world.
The United States also remains committed, with other developed countries, to the goal of jointly mobilizing $100 billion per year by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries in the context of meaningful mitigation and adaptation action.
The time frame for implementation is one year,
The Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to UK last year in November, and appreciated the follow up action taken on the outcomes of the visit.
And there is no vested interest behind all these activities but a pure feeling of dedication and resolve is the driving force.
The Protocol was signed on 26th October, 2016.
Norway is a global leader in the area of Blue Economy and has cutting-edge technologies and expertise in areas such as fisheries, hydrocarbons, renewable energy, sustainable harnessing of ocean resources and maritime transport.
Our relationship covers all areas of cooperation, including in the spheres of political relations, security, trade and economy, military and technical field, energy, scientific, cultural and humanitarian exchanges, and foreign policy, and helps promote national interests of both countries, and contributes to the establishment of a more peaceful and just world order.
“Statehood Day greetings to the people of Tripura.
Prime Minister Modi and President Putin also agreed to continue working together through multilateral organisations such as the United Nations, SCO, BRICS and G-20.
Similarly, convention based delegate attendance is estimated to cross 1.5 million annually after successful completion of second phase of the project.
Recently, I was told by some of our party workers that a few young doctors in the town set up camps offering free treatment for the underprivileged.
63. We will build together such an India, which will be clean, healthy and fulfil the dream of self-rule (Swaraj).
· First Meeting of the BRICS Anti-Corruption Working Group – 26 February (Buenos Aires, Argentina)
The person can be further penalized with jail term or fine or both for transmitting/propagating/administrating such material in any manner except for the purpose of reporting as may be prescribed and for use as evidence in court.
The three leaders acknowledged the importance of cooperation in RIC format and have agreed to hold further such trilateral meetings on multilateral occasions.
vi. The Bill also provides for periodic review of the performance of Institutions by independent agencies, and placing the results of the same on public domain.
Some of them even said the Government had many things to do, why is it wasting its energy on an issue like cleanliness.
I had the opportunity to inaugurate it.
Solutions emerge in spiritual forms for all challenges emerging in the society.
He complimented Union Minister Dr. Thawar Chand Gehlot and his team, and said what they are doing for the welfare of the Divyang sisters and brothers is historic and commendable.
At a large public meeting, the Prime Minister will witness an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by 12 beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government of Rajasthan.
I am honoured to chair the BRICS Leaders’ Plenary Meeting.
Starting salary of a newly recruited employee at lowest level will now be Rs. 18000 whereas for a freshly recruited Class I officer, it will be Rs. 56100.
The National Sports Talent Search Portal gives essential direction & support to youngsters to pursue their sporting aspirations and shine”, the Prime Minister said.
This has resulted in increased FDI inflow, which year after year is making new records.
Today I would like to share these words of Guru Ravidas Ji:
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, addressed the India-Italy Technology Summit at New Delhi.
Addressing the gathering, which also included many Union Ministers and senior Union Government officers, the Prime Minister said this is the first official programme at the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre, and therefore has a special significance.
It does the job of uniting us.
If you compare the total amount of foreign investment in India that has come after the liberalization and the foreign investment made during the last three years, you will realize the impact of economic reforms carried out by our government.
10TH BRICS SUMMIT JOHANNESBURG DECLARATION
I am glad that today, an auspicious opportunity allows me to share some thoughts with you.
These games used to be a special feature of summer holidays.
My good wishes to all of you.
Ahmedabad Shopping Festival 2019 is the first event of its kind in India and provides an opportunity for the enterprises from the city to showcase their products.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the “Memorandum of Understanding (MoU)” between “Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI)” and “Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (CPA Canada)”.
3. AB-NHPM will be an entitlement based scheme with entitlement decided on the basis of deprivation criteria in the SECC database, The different categories in rural area include families having only one room with kucha walls and kucharoof; families having no adult member between age 16 to 59; female headed households with no adult male member between age 16 to 59; disabled member and no able bodied adult member in the family; SC/ST households; and landless households deriving major part of their income from manual casual labour, Also, automatically included families in rural areas having any one of the following: households without shelter, destitute, living on alms, manual scavenger families, primitive tribal groups, legally released bonded labour.
The Prime Minister mentioned various macro-economic parameters, and other indicators to explain how the India is now playing an important role in the global economy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved:
Plastic now threatens to become a menace to humanity.
MoU on cooperation in the field of biotechnology and bio-economics.
Union Cabinet had given approval for the Phase-2 of Ahmedabad Metro Rail Project in February 2019.
• A traditional brass statue of a lion, received from Shri Sushil Koirala, former Prime Minister of Nepal, was auctioned for Rs. 5.20 lakh.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today described the Goods and Services Tax (GST) as a “Great Step by Team India,” a “Great Step Towards Transformation,” and a “Great Step Towards Transparency.”
Hon’ble Chief Minister of the Northern Province,
23. Continue to collaborate in peaceful exploitation of outer space, through the implementation of the ASEAN-India Space Cooperation Programme, including launching of satellites, their monitoring through Telemetry Tracking and Command Stations and usage of satellite image data for sustainable exploitation of ground, sea, atmospheric and digital resources for equitable development of the region, as well as explore cooperation in R&D in emerging space technologies such as small satellites, inter-satellite communications, satellite propulsion, and analytics for space data.
We call this the J.A.M. or JAM trinity.
He expressed confidence that in the coming times, we will be able to deter heinous crimes, including the crimes committed on women.
Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay dedicated his entire life for public service and was the epitome of simplicity, honesty and selfless service for the poor and down-trodden.
Congrats to all those taking part in them.
Description of MoU/ Agreement
Addressing the innovators, Narendra Modi invited youngsters to ideate on how to transform agricultural sector.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today interacted with Mudra Yojana beneficiaries from across the country, through video bridge.
“Greetings to ITBP family on their Raising Day.
There is no need to increase the taxes.
It will inspire large number of young students to take up science and technology careers for national development.
Profiles of the new Ministers are as below:
And each of our festivals are directly linked with the financial conditions of the poorest of the poor.
Even the Vice President and the Speaker Madam must be really delighted to be a witness to this event as everyone is calm and composed.
Now I don’t have to explain to the world about India’s position.
The Joint Stamps were released on 26th July 2018.
Our association with Agenda 2030, the Paris Climate Agreement, and the Addis Ababa Action Agenda on Financing for Development has been purposeful and productive.
I would want the Election Commission to take this debate forward.
Sri Madhavacharya was also the founder of the Krishna Temple here.
The MoU will help in strengthening bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
Government of India will put in place suitable facilities for smooth passage of pilgrims.
Past administrative experience: Minister of State with Independent Charge for Environment, Forests and Climate Change since November 2014.
NAD shall maintain the authenticity, integrity and confidentiality of its database.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people, on the occasion of festival of Lohri.
This will help meet the drinking water demands in the city.
I particularly recall my interactions during my visit to Hannover Fair in April 2015.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has an integrated approach towards finding solutions.
As we gather here to discuss the present and future of global energy, winds of change are evident in the global energy arena.
This year’s theme of ‘Connecting People to Nature’ is nothing but getting connected with ourselves.”
The Prime Minister said every Indian loves Kashmir, and wishes to visit Kashmir.
Agreement between Heavy Engineering Corporation Limited and Joint Stock Company “Cascade – Technologies” for setting up of a Special Purpose Vehicle for railways
Social media is transforming disaster response.
The stories that you’ve sent across in the context of cleanliness, myriad examples of common folk… you never know where a tiny brand ambassador of cleanliness comes into being in various homes; someone who reprimands elders at home; or even admonishingly orders the Prime Minister through a phone call!
These steps, coupled with demonetization of high value notes has resulted in formalizing a large part of our economy.
Absence of GST straight away means loss for the poor people of Bihar.
Declaration of an airport as International Airport depends upon traffic potential and demand from airlines for operation of international flights.
People must have universal access to clean, affordable, sustainable and equitable supply of energy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Framework Agreement between India and Vietnam on cooperation in the exploration and uses of outer space for peaceful purposes.
It is an opportunity like none other, not only to discuss India’s defense requirements, but also to show-case, for the first time ever, in such a manner, India’s own defence manufacturing capabilities to the world.
51. The two sides took note of the High Level Dialogue on Migration and Mobility held in Brussels on 04 April 2017.
Shri Narendra Modi expressed happiness that he is visiting the three regions of Jammu and Kashmir today.
The above cost estimate does not include recurring costs (wages & salaries and operation & maintenance expenses).
At a public meeting there, he will dedicate to the nation, the Vadodara City Command Control Centre; the Waghodiya Regional Water Supply Scheme; and the New Head Office Building of the Bank of Baroda, at Vadodara.
He said that when we speak of a rise, in terms of a nation, it has a very broad context.
Connectivity will increase and trade will expand.
Therefore, the security architecture in the region must be open, transparent, balanced and inclusive.
Can a newspaper, devote just a few column inches of space, each day for one year, to this cause?
He said the ITI would help empower the youth of the island, with skills.
My Government attaches a high priority to our bilateral relations with Vietnam.
Rs. 7500 crores was arranged under this fund to give a boost to the sector.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
Amir Khusro has written:
Expressing support for this, many people have written to me, sent me letters, shared ‘fitness mantra- Fit India’ stories on social media.
PM emphasized that energy justice can be done only when people believe in their collective power.
The Prime Minister said that the State Government is focusing on next-generation infrastructure.
We can take pride in the fact that we have developed various systems to showcase to the world.
In addition, Protected Area Permit’s validity has been increased to 15 days.
This will help generate new knowledge for hazard risk assessment, disaster resilient technologies and mechanisms for integrating risk reduction in infrastructure financing.
He said this is the right time for ‘Team India’ to resolve for ‘New India.’
He said Adi Shankara had united India, through the Vedas and Upanishads.
This will provide a stimulus for further development of IFSCs in India and enable bringing back of financial services and transactions that are currently carried out in offshore financial centres to India.
I request the tour operators, the visitors of Rameshwaram, and the young generation of the country that whenever you visit Rameshwaram, please visit this memorial for Abdul Kalam ji and inspire the new generation.
This means that a man full of enthusiasm is very strong since there is nothing more powerful than zest.
But I always felt that during the discussions in the cabinet he used to talk more about farmers and the problems of rural areas than the subjects related to urban areas.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has lauded the passage of Maternity Benefit Amendment Bill in the Lok Sabha and has called it a landmark moment in the efforts towards women-led development.
We want to build cooperation in new areas, especially some high-technology areas, that have a deeper connect with the youth in both our societies.
This means that there is something wrong somewhere.
Growth and development of a country are linked with Greenhouse Gas emissions.
For the year 2014-15, an amount of Rs 25.93 crore has already been paid to about 41,492 Major Ports & Dock workers/employees as per wage ceiling of Rs.3500/-.
The Qatari side expressed appreciation for India’s offer to conduct special training programmes for the personnel of Qatar Armed Forces and Coast Guard in India and in Qatar.
He said that the water table in the State had begun to rise.
Next, our scientists will link our laboratories in cities.
The dedication ceremony was punctuated by flypast of IAF aircraft, and performances of cultural troupes.
Your start-ups and industry can then compete globally.
Just imagine today the poor in the rural areas are living a tension-free life.
And therefore, Swachh Bharat Mission – the quest for clean India – is linked to faith and spirituality in the country.
When we talk of navy, who can ignore Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj and the capabilities & might of his navy.
Thousands of you have travelled from far-off lands to join us here today.
The MoU is likely to promote further development of economic links and cooperation between the two regulators, and aims at creating conditions for an effective development of securities markets in the two countries.
The MoU aims at cooperation in areas of common interest within the medical, life sciences and health research fields.
12. Work together with the international community to ensure compliance with the relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions regarding counter-terrorism, and to note efforts on the negotiations of the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism (CCIT) at the United Nations.
The award announced on 26th September, on the sidelines of 73rd UN General Assembly at New York City, will be presented by UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres.
Both CRUK and DBT will invest £5 million (approx.
Panvel-Karjat double line suburban corridor will cater to the significant urbanization and population growth in recent years in this area.
One of Narendra Modi’s key ideas is the Panchteerth – five memorials dedicated to Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar.
The negotiations to upgrade Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement have been fast-tracked to achieve the bilateral trade target of 50 billion Dollars by 2030.
In 55 years, 12 crore gas connection were given.
The communicable ailments can be controlled but what about the non-communicable ones?
Once again I pay my homage to a great leader like him.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi underlined that as two major countries India and China have wider and overlapping regional and global interests.
It will be doing injustice to him if one says that he will serve the country only if he is at a particular post.
In the meeting, the two leaders deliberated upon various areas of bilateral cooperation and also exchanged views on multilateral issues of mutual interest.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to ensure speedy disposal of commercial matters.
The package involves implementation of Central Sector Scheme “Indian Footwear, Leather & Accessories Development Programme” with an approved expenditure of Rs. 2600 Crore over the three financial years from 2017-18 to 2019-20.
b) Exchanging media publications, tourism related films, and encourage exchanging of visits between experts and tourism media representatives in the States of the Parties.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that these development projects will benefit the Santhal Pargana area, and lead to greater empowerment of the tribal communities.
The Start-Up India initiative also aims to build a strong eco-system of innovation.
Prime complemented the schoolchildren for their scientific skills and encouraged them to come up with more such inventions.
Agreed to support collaboration between India and Uganda in the area of Information and Communication Technology.
He mentioned that these initiatives are changing the lives of ordinary people.
During these last days, many great aspects of Atalji came up to the fore.
Disaster Risk Reduction has a pivotal role in supporting adaptation to climate change as well as sustainable development.
Let us join hands even more closely and strongly.
Russia unwaveringly supported India in its struggle for independence and helped it to achieve self-sufficiency.
4. Promotion of business development opportunities in pharmaceuticals and others identified by parties;
He quoted poet Subramaniam Bharti to say that India will show the world the path to freedom from all kinds of shackles.
The powers for clearances with respect to CRZ-II and III have been delegated at the State level with necessary guidance.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to every valiant soldier who fought for India on Kargil Vijay Diwas.
19. India also expressed its readiness to extend technical as well as project-specific assistance to conventional as well as renewable energy-based power development projects identified by Government of Myanmar.
Over the past two and a half years, we have given a strong momentum to our engagement with the United States, Russia, Japan and other major global powers.
Prosecution sanctions by CBI or State Police against illegal agents; and increase in the amount of Bank Guarantee deposited by the recruiting agents from Rs.20 lakhs to Rs.50 lakhs; are some of the steps in this direction.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to ensure speedy disposal of commercial matters.
Dr. Jayachandran was known for his efforts of making the most economical treatment possible available to the poor.
They regarded this as an important step towards enhancing mutual trade.
It will be a cluster University comprising of degree colleges of Leh, Kargil, Nubra, Zanskar, Drass and Khaltsi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed Indians, who have returned from South Sudan.
This is a major example of how the government has eliminated the social discrimination.
All these projects are to make life easier for people around Srinagar.”
The occasion also marks the Golden Jubilee of the Press Council of India.
In a broad overview of the progress in the roads and railways sectors, the Prime Minister called for a consolidated approach to existing projects, and working towards their completion within strict timelines.
This self confidence, this very positivity will by a catalyst in realising our resolve of New India, of making our dream come true.
My dear young friends, the country celebrates National Sports Day on the 29th of August.
The Agreement will provide a strong legal base for the extradition of fugitive offenders who are accused of economic offences, terrorism and other serious offences in one Contracting State and found in another Contracting State.
He had complimented Dhyan Chand ji by saying that ‘he scores goals like runs’.
Several districts of Arunachal Pradesh have also been brought out of the purview of the Armed Forces Special Power Act.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Joint Issue of Postage Stamps by India and South Africa on the theme “125th Year of Mahatma Gandhi’s Pietermaritzburg Station Incident & Birth Centenary of Nelson Mandela”.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has condemned the attack on CRPF personnel in Pulwama, Kashmir.
Also, three AIIMS in Nagpur (Maharashtra), Kalyani (West Bengal) and Mangalagiri in Guntur (A.P) have been sanctioned in 2015.
He too, greeted the children on Vishwakarma Jayanti, and said it is important to learn various skills.
We believe that there is a need to reform the United Nations and in particular, the United Nations Security Council to make it more representative of contemporary realities and to respond more effectively to emerging challenges and threats.
This is for the first time MoU for cooperation in area of vocational education, training and skill development has been signed with Eurasian country.
The new college will help familiarize the farmers with new techniques, thereby contributing to the production and productivity of domestic animals in the State of Nagaland.
In Goa, I will also have the honour to receive President Vladimir Putin of Russia for the India-Russia Annual Summit and President Michel Temer of Brazil for a bilateral visit.
The family of Lord Shiva is diverse yet the spirit of harmony and unity is vibrant.
It has been a privilege for me to connect with you.
They stressed that such a restructuring of the Council entailed that the developing world be adequately represented through permanent members on the Council.
In other words, such a system is being set up where in farms in any part of the country will have a market-connect.
Hence, by ratifying these two core conventions, India would join majority of the countries who have adopted the legislation to prohibit and place severe restrictions on the employment and work of children.
In its initial phrase, it was proposed as ‘all men are born free and equal’ which was amended and adopted as ‘all human beings are born free and equal’ with the efforts of the Indian representative Hansa Mehta.
During the address, Prime Minister announced the launch of the next phase of the India-Italy Industrial Research and Development Cooperation program.
BRICS has important contributions to make in addressing global challenges and upholding world peace and security.
In Shillong I will inaugurate the Shillong-Nongstoin-Rongjeng-Tura Road.
The Prime Minister said that Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan was never interested in power politics, and fought corruption.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Indian community in Yangon, Myanmar.
As a mark of our respect and deep admiration for the father of Bangladesh, a prominent road in our capital city has been named after him.
Run-away inflation was breaking the back of every house-hold.
ASEAN is central to India’s ‘Act East’ Policy.
He will interact with the gathering in a townhall style format.
As soon as we typed ‘hash tag yoga day’, we would immediately get a picture of a yoga image on our mobile.
RuPay debit cards have been provided to more than 23 crore people.
People who stay with their families and work in the world, but who are living at the peaks within themselves – undergoing intense and wonderful experiences on a daily basis.
He lauded the role of Tamil Nadu Government in the implementation of National TB Programme.
People donate generously to the needy during this holy month.
(f) The transferee bank shall issue shares to the shareholders of transferor banks as per share exchange ratio.
With improved connectivity and language skills, you may look into setting up of the BPO industry in the region.
They reaffirmed their commitment to work together with all members of the WTO and to take forward a dialogue under the Joint Working Group on Trade which will support a shared commitment to the global rules-based system and to the WTO’s role in underpinning it.
If I take it as the basis, let us compare what has been the impact from liberalization till 2014 and then from 2014 to 2017.
In this context he talked about the Union Government’s initiatives to bring down the prices of medicines, stents etc.
Number of nominees from States and UTs in NMC increased from 3 to 6:
Emphasising upon the need to reduce the gap between the usage of Hindi in government and the society, the Prime Minister said that educational institutions can help in leading this campaign.
The NAM is addressing the gaps in health services through supporting the efforts of State/UT Governments for providing AYUSH health services/education in the country, particularly in vulnerable and far-flung areas.
The project has been undertaken with French collaboration.
2. Prime Minister Modi was accorded a ceremonial welcome at the Presidential Palace in Nay Pyi Taw on 5th September 2017.
Memorandum of Cooperation on Development of Food Value Chain in Uttar Pradesh Between The Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries of Japan and The State Government of Uttar Pradesh, India.
The Eastern Peripheral Expressway (EPE), will contribute towards the twin objectives of decongesting and de-polluting the national capital by diverting traffic not destined for Delhi.
The way, the years from 1942 to 1947 were the decisive years for attainment through resolve.
Come, I invite you.
13. The Sides appreciated the Joint Study commissioned to work out a Joint Strategy of Action for the development of trade and economic relations and investment cooperation and noted that, to take this forward, the Sides have nominated, respectively, the Indian Institute of Foreign Trade and the All-Russian Academy of Foreign Trade.
The Doppler Weather Radar at Cherrapunji has been dedicated to the Nation.
He also said that FICCI must also voice concerns, when necessary, on issues such as builders exploiting the common man.
To monitor and control industrial pollution, an action plan has been prepared with the pulp and paper, distillery and sugar industries, and it has also been implemented to some extent.
We expanded the airport by spending around Rs 125 crore for this small airport”.
I hope the deliberations in the summit would focus on how women entrepreneurship can be further supported.
May be a bed-sheet in the house, a handkerchief or a curtain, it has been felt that the younger generation has got interested in Khadi.
And we are well on course to exceed these targets.
About the pro-farmer initiatives in the budget, he lamented that for years, many initiatives have been initiated for farmers but sadly, lot of farmers never came under the ambit of these schemes.
He said several steps are being taken to provide opportunities for women, and to increase their participation in the workforce.
EMU and train sets
Haryana is a relatively small state but it has contributed in so many areas, he said.
I wish you success in your efforts.
All domestic scheduled airline operators including helicopter operators will be free to carry out self-handling at all airports.
The fiscal deficit had reached alarming levels.
The Union Cabinet in a meeting held today, chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, accorded an extension of timeline for taking over 50% of the Outstanding Debt of DISCOMs, as existing on 30th September, 2015, by States, and borrowings by State of Jammu and Kashmir under UDAY (Ujwal DISCOM Assurance Yojana).
Thirdly, we work as a team.
These days , I keep receiving news from our states.
Nor he would have to borrow money from a moneylender paying interest.
We have a strong relationship with the University of Nairobi, where a Chair for Indian Studies has been established by ICCR, and renovation of its library is also being undertaken with Indian assistance.
One has seen that no matter how hectic the life is, no matter how tense we are, whether its one’s personal or public life, the arrival of the rains does lift one’s spirits.
The two sides expressed satisfaction at the growing presence of Indian and Qatari companies in each other’s market and agreed to further encourage such participation.
There was such a period also, when its leadership was in the hands of Saints of the country.
India cherishes its excellent relations with Africa.
These are discussed collectively in the country and across the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered brave soldiers who fought in 1971, on the occasion of Vijay Diwas.
He said that as we burn Ravana every year, we should all resolve to remove the ills from ourselves, our social structures and our nation.
Cooking gas price is also determined by the market.
We have seen how closely the power of ‘Ram Naam’, the chant of Lord Ram’s name, permeated every moment of revered Bapu’s life.
The new generation is more or less freeing itself from the shackles of cash.
Assuring that there would not be any hassles with the enrollment process, Modi told the gathering that only a form needs to be filled with Aadhar number and bank details.
When parents, when family, when brothers and sisters, all of them accept a child as it is only then the neighbours also start accepting the child.
Our shared concern on growing threat from radicalism and terrorism to the safety and security of our people is shaping our cooperation in this space.
Works related to Sewage Treatment Plants at Barh, Sultanganj and Naugachia will be kicked off by PM.
This tremendous participation of youth and women is a major glorious dimension in ISRO’s success.
Our bilateral relations are based on deep mutual understanding and respect, similar priorities in economic and social development, as well as in foreign policy.
So expectations get hyped up to such an extent that if corresponding success is not achieved, these turn into despair and even resentment.
Rashtriya Arogya Nidhi (RAN) was set up as a registered society to provide financial medical assistance to poor patients receiving treatment in designated central government hospitals.
My dear countrymen, just like every time earlier, I have received a rather large number of letters, e mails, phone calls and comments from you.
In this context, they affirmed their commitment to the voluntary norms that no country should conduct or knowingly support online activity that intentionally damages critical infrastructure or otherwise impairs the use of it to provide services to the public; that no country should conduct or knowingly support activity intended to prevent national computer security incident response teams from responding to cyber incidents, or use its own teams to enable online activity that is intended to do harm; that every country should cooperate, consistent with its domestic law and international obligations, with requests for assistance from other states in mitigating malicious cyber activity emanating from its territory; and that no country should conduct or knowingly support ICT-enabled theft of intellectual property, including trade secrets or other confidential business information, with the intent of providing competitive advantages to its companies or commercial sectors.
Farmer would set the price at which the crop would be sold.
The Prime Minister was informed about the steps being taken in this regard, including augmenting the capacity of the National Consumer Helpline.
We have to fight social evils together.
Out of the 17000-18000 species of flowering plants, more than 7000 are estimated to have medicinal usage in folk and documented systems of medicine like Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha & Homoeopathy (AYUSH System of Medicine).
The decision will benefit 7.58 lakh teachers and equivalent academic staff in the 106 Universities / Colleges which are funded by the UGC/MHRD and also 329 Universities which are funded by State Governments and 12,912 Govt. and private aided colleges affiliated to State Public Universities.
The scheme henceforth is a reflection of Government’s commitment and dedication to our ‘Annadata’.
Your overall efficiency will rise by leaps and bounds.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Arpinder Singh on winning Gold in Men’s Triple Jump event at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta – Palembang, Indonesia.
He said that the Government’s priority in the science and technology sector is to apply science to solve our country’s problems.
(i) Augmentation of the corpus of the Trust from Rs. 2,500 crore to Rs. 7,500 crore, to be fully funded by the GoI;
Young doctors, nurses, support staff and volunteers.
The Institution will consist of a hospital with a capacity of 750 beds, trauma center facilities, medical college with an intake of 100 MBBS students per year, nursing college with an intake of 60 B.Sc.
The museum has 4 historical exhibitions which display more than 450 paintings and artworks which are of three centuries vintage.
The video conference is the second in the series of video bridge by the Prime Minister, interacting with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
It seeks to maximize the benefits of services liberalization and trade to the developing countries.
Jagdishbhai was a veteran journalist and I had the pleasure of working with him for years, both in Gujarat and in Delhi.
(a) Encourage the creation of an international version of Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and standards that are inter-operable with the APIs created in public systems in India and Singapore to:
A well-deserved Gold for them in the Men’s Doubles event.
• India is best suited to help you in technology and skills.
In the beginning of this year, she was honoured with a Padma Shri.
Addressing the gathering, Prime Minister congratulated the people of Maharashtra for making the state Open Defecation Free.
Even for the small traders, compliance is getting easier.
The story of sacrifices made will certainly inspire the younger generations.
It will provide all weather connectivity to Tawang Valley for civilians as well as security forces throughout the year.
He emphasized the need for tackling economic imbalances on priority.
Strategic Engagement
Our links with Malaysia have been civilizational and historic.
AMF TCP is an international platform for co-operation among countries to promote cleaner and more energy efficient fuels & vehicle technologies.
Subjects such as Governance, Corruption, Public Enterprises, Government e-Marketplace, Health, Education, Skill Development, Agriculture, Transportation, National Integration, Water Resources, Swachh Bharat, Culture, Communication, and Tourism came up for discussion during the interactions.
For many years, I have been spending a lot of time with students on Teachers Day and that too as a student myself.
Jammu & Kashmir has presented an excellent example.
With several coastal nations, our partnership now increasingly seeks to harness the benefits of Blue Economy in a sustainable manner.
“I have got not the slightest doubt in my mind as to the future evolution and the ultimate shape of the social, political and economic structure of this great country.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
We want to engage constructively with both the East and the West.
Mentioning the Atal Incubation Centre that was inaugurated today, he said that startups are already beginning to get connected with this.
But even after so many years of independence there is no equality in the lives of millions of people.
He said the Statue would generate considerable tourism opportunities for the region.
At the same time, the average rate of inflation at 4.6 per cent is the lowest for any Indian government since 1991 when India began its process for liberalization.”
More than 3 crores children have been vaccinated thus boosting the health of India’s future.
In my conversation with President-elect Donald Trump, we agreed to keep building on these gains in our strategic partnership.
· Meeting of Heads of Competition Authorities (Pretoria)
It is quite natural for the nation to feel concerned about the unrelenting heat.
I am also happy that this phase of expansion begins with the Northern Province.
“On Kargil Vijay Diwas I bow to every valiant soldier who fought for India till the very last breath.
The MoU provides for cooperation in the areas of agricultural crops, agricultural extension, horticulture, machinery, post harvest technology, plant quarantine measures, credit and cooperation.
In dedicating Kudankulam 1, we mark another historic step in India-Russia relations.
Our partnership will benefit every section of Afghan society.
Ease of Doing Business as well as Ease of Living are in focus in this budget.
In the last two years, we have moved towards a low tax regime both on personal as well as corporate side;
Indian IT talent has been recognized worldwide.
Provision regarding refinancing is aimed at facilitating availability of low cost long term funds to Concessionaire so as to improve the financial viability of the projects.
The PM said that his government is making every effort to make life easy and better for every citizen of India.
Divyang brothers & sisters from different parts of the country participated & displayed their stellar skills.
For example, after the 1991 cyclone, the Government of Bangladesh launched a large community-based cyclone preparedness programme.
A total of 783 applications were received for the Bal Shakti Puraskar this year.
The Prime Minister’s engagements in this period will cover aspects as diverse as infrastructure, railways, textiles, financial inclusion, environment and sanitation, animal husbandry, culture and spirituality.
Whether it be the life of an individual, the life of a society at large or the life of a Nation collectively, everybody has to look back & ponder; at the same time one has to try & look forward to the best extent possible.
Minister of State ( Independent Charge) for Information and Broadcasting and Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs during May-November 2014.
These are the very people… and this is the power and strength of the masses.
The theme of the Summit this year is ‘Partnerships for a Resilient Planet’, WSDS 2018 seeks to create action frameworks to resolve some of the most urgent challenges facing developing economies in the backdrop of climate change.The Summit will address a wide variety of issues, including combating land degradation, effective waste management mechanisms to make cities free of landfills free, combat air pollution effectively, measures to increase resource and energy efficiency, facilitate transition to clean energy and create financial mechanisms to enable effective climate change mitigation.
Thousands of years of history of India shows that we have never desired any one’s territory.
During Prime Minister Abe’s visit to India in December last year, I had committed to take steps to create basis for their further expansion.
The Government shall also take care of all contingent liabilities of HVOC that may arise in future due to pending cases in various courts/tribunals/authorities.
But the change in rankings has been preceded by improvement in situation on the ground.
Artists have often inspired a generation.
And if we shall protect the environment, our future generations will reap the benefits.
It will be linked with the Ayushman Bharat – World’s largest healthcare scheme, through which around 10 lakh people have benefitted since launch.
New people kept coming forward each time in place of those who departed and the country kept on every moment endeavouring tirelessly to uproot the British Rule.
Argentina is the powerhouse of agriculture.
Simultaneously, the sentiment that voting is our sacred duty, should grow within us naturally.
India remains an attractive market for energy companies with energy demand expected to more than double by 2040.
The review meeting, which lasted for over two hours, was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related Ministries, NITI Aayog, and PMO.
Simultaneous launch events will be held at these branches and access points.
Under the scheme, the government has planned to connect more than 580 Mandis in the country online.
Background:
The industry and business in our two economies can shape attractive partnerships through the flagship programmes launched by my Government.
The centre will also play a significant role for research in social and economic issues.
India and Maldives share time tested and traditional bonds of friendship.
He added that the cooperative movement is in sync with the nature of Indian society.
Minister of State in the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways; Minister of State in the Ministry of Shipping; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers.
In order to provide the more beneficial option to the pensioners, Cabinet has accepted the recommendations of the Committee, which has suggested revision of pension based on information contained in the Pension Payment Order (PPO) issued to every pensioner.
33. GST will give strength to our economy and all parties are to be thanked for its passage.
The Prime Minister welcomed the deepening of bilateral partnership not only in trade and economic spheres, but also in new areas like defence cooperation.
A competition will be held and the winners will be awarded prizes on Gandhi Jayanti Day on 2nd October.
“Congratulations to our hockey team on winning the Women’s Asia Cup 2017.
Man must relate to nature, man must revere nature, not merely consider it a resource to be exploited, the Prime Minister asserted.
Three days ago I met the Chinese President.
The MoC would help improve postal services and cooperation in the postal field between India and Japan by:
It is our duty that we abide by our Constitution in letter and spirit.
And I’m glad that our government paid heed to this matter.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, remarkable progress has been achieved in rural areas.
Under the Act, the types of disabilities have increased and at the same time provisions for additional benefits have been introduced.
He said our Universities and Colleges should be leveraged to find solutions to the challenges facing us.
He also mentioned the importance of forensic science in the insurance industry.
But for me, this is the first time at Def-Expo.
The puddles & my paper boats, the magic of my rains.
Together, we can do a lot to fill these gaps.
They also said that every student has different strengths, so how can each student be expected to be good in maths and science.
He said that there is real potential in the rural areas and we should continue nurturing those talents.He added that the outside world is unaware of the day-to-day struggles, a sports person has to go through.
Shri Prakash Javadekar, Minister of State with Independent Charge of Environment, Forest and Climate Change has been elevated as Cabinet Minister.
And if we successfully implement waterways then you will see the importance of rivers.
In 1899, plague broke out in Calcutta and hundreds of people lost their lives in no time.
The Prime Minister and Ms. Bishop also discussed regional and global issues of mutual interest.
Please suggest the perfect ideas for these youth organizations.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he is delighted to be in the “Veer Bhumi” of Mewar.
A Working Group will be set up to further elaborate the details of cooperation and to oversee the implementation of this MoU.
11. The two sides reaffirmed their commitment to strengthening global non-proliferation efforts as highlighted at the India-EU Non-proliferation and Disarmament Dialogue in New Delhi on 18 July 2017.
It is historic, that both the people and the government are on the same side in this battle against evil.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the 21st century, the youth will take India to new heights.
A few days ago, on the 23rd of September, on the occasion of the centenary of the Battle of Haifa in Israel, we remembered & paid tributes to our brave soldiers of Mysore, Hyderabad & Jodhpur Lancers who had freed Haifa from the clutches of oppressors.
We admire ASEAN’s own progress.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today visited Thiruvananthapuram.
The number of smartphone users in India is projected to grow to over 500 million by 2018.
And this kind of countries bring about peace and harmony in the world.
The Mahatma led India’s march to freedom from the British, which gave birth to modern India.
Along with economic progress and development, we also want to focus on dignity of human life which is supreme.
Prime Minister noted with appreciation the firm upward trajectory in the bilateral strategic partnership following the positive and far-reaching talks with President Trump in June this year.
The signing of MoU with Qatar will be instrumental in increasing arrival from this emerging source market.
An entrepreneur uses knowledge and skills to fulfil a motive.
The Prime Minister offered sweets to the jawans.
Sardar Patel rose from being a farmer’s son to be known as the Iron Man of the country, undertaking the extraordinary task of uniting India into one nation.
(c) Male convicts of 60 years of age and above, who have completed 50% of their actual sentence period.
1. Bring all existing allied and healthcare professionals on board during thefirst few of years from the date of establishment of the Council.
We are so concerned about saving lives; we should be equally concerned about saving water.
The Department of Defence Production came to the conclusion that with the increasing participation of the private industry in defence sector and the transformation taking place in the defence acquisition eco system thereon, the requirement of having separate JV guidelines for DPSUs is no longer considered necessary.
This Government is a friend of good people.
Similarly, in Rajasthan, rapists were sentenced to death after a few days of trial.
So many years have passed and yet, Queen Elizabeth has treasured the handkerchief gifted by Mahatma Gandhi.
The Constitution of India provides certain privileges / concessions to the members of Scheduled Castes which are notified under the provisions of Article 341 of the Constitution of India.
The revised guidelines being made broad-based seek to expand the scope of welfare measures that can be extended through the Fund.
a. The Bill is more compact in comparison to the Major Port Trusts Act, 1963 as the number of sections has been reduced to 65 from 134 by eliminating overlapping and obsolete Sections. b.
11. President Solih reaffirmed his government’s “India-First Policy”, and commitment to working together closely with India.
During the visit, he held bilateral discussions with President Museveni at State House, Entebbe on Wednesday 24th July 2018.
PM Babis recalled visit of the President of India to Czech Republic in September last year when several MoUs for bilateral cooperation were signed.
Whether electricity would be available during the dinner time or not?
Addressing the gathering, he expressed happiness at the opportunity to pray to Lord Manjunatha.
The Prime Minister reiterated India’s abiding support for a unified, sovereign, democratic, peaceful, stable and prosperous Afghanistan.
Whenever people from rural areas meet me they demand the roads under the Pradhanmantri Gram Sadak Yojna.
These steps are a reflection of the intent of the Government, he added.
He said it is important to use technology in the agriculture sector.
On the economic side, I will join with leading Indian and Israeli CEOs and start-ups to discuss our shared priority of expanding business and investment collaboration on the ground.
The young generation, in particular, is getting habituated to digital payments through its mobile handsets.
ShivaKumar Swamiji dedicated his entire life to Social Service.
Perpetrators of Pulwama terror attack act will be punished, says PM
Owing to his ill-health, he deputed Dr. Jagdish Sheth of EMORY University, Georgia, USA, to confer the award.
The honest tax payers gain good fortune because the poor get to eat from the taxpayers’ money.
The name of this unique contest is “Clean beautiful Toilet”.
Prime Minister has invited President Putin for the 19th Annual Summit in India later in the year.
We have also jointly released a set of commemorative stamps, to celebrate our common heritage.
We now have electricity in every village.
iv. The designated Airline of each party can enter into cooperative marketing arrangements with the designated carriers of same party, other party and that of a Third party.
He urged the people to work towards attaining Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas and Ek Bharat Shresht Bharat.
7. Joint development of multi modal terminals in India.
For the first time we are progressing in the path of Agriculture Export Policy so as to enable our farmers to emerge powerful in the world market.
We appreciate the compelling logic of regional connectivity for peace, progress and prosperity.
Qualification and Training;
Secondly, according to my 2 year experience in Govt, those who are creating controversies, are being unjust to Raghuram Rajan
Our joint venture ‘KABIL’ has started discussions with Argentina for cooperation in the mining sector.
And, I have seen that there are people who squander so much of their talent, invest their entire creativity in finding ingenious ways and means in designing unfair methods.
Quoting extensively from holy scriptures and great mystics, the Prime Minister called for challenging “the forces of violence with the kindness of our love and universal human values.”
ISRO will be responsible for realizing the flight hardware through Industry.
They also called for Pakistan to bring the perpetrators of the 2008 Mumbai and 2016 Pathankot terrorist attacks to justice.
The Prime Minister noted that corruption, poverty, illiteracy and malnutrition are challenges that India now needs to overcome.
He said the gifts and mementoes he has received as Prime Minister have also been auctioned, and their proceeds have also gone towards Namaami Gange.
The companies that make aerated drinks, Coca-Cola, Pepsi etc, I requested them to add 5% natural fruit juice.
He said if civil servants imbibe these objectives, the gap between Government machinery and the people can be bridged.
This effort will further the objectives of Poshan Abhiyaan (the National Nutrition Mission), which was set up by the Union Government in November, 2017.
A revolution that would change the way:
Speaking on the decisions taken by consensus in the GST Council meeting yesterday, the Prime Minister said that when there is trust in a government and when policies are made with best intentions, it is natural for people to support us for the best interests of the nation.
But, sometimes because of time, sometimes because of distance and at times because of situations that spirit gets faded but just with a touch of a tiny spark, everything re-emerges which takes one back to old memories.
Given its location, Cyprus appreciates the threat that terrorism poses to the global peace and stability.
Dr. Kalam Saheb’s poem potrays the life of Shri Shri Shri Shivakumar Swamiji and the mission of the Siddhganga Mutt beautifully.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people on National Voters Day.
He was a widely admired musical maestro.
Each incubator is expected to foster 50-60 technology driven innovative Startups every four years.
Each side shall bear the cost of travel and logistics for its officials as well as for co-hosting trainings/ seminar/conferences.
Today, radicalization and terrorism have become globalized and are the biggest threats to global peace and security.
Sometimes certain things become a part of our habits, that we don’t even realize that we are doing something wrong.
Ministers were being picked not by the Prime Minister but by those who had nothing to do with public service.
Our economic and international partnerships over the past seven decades have been prompted as much by economic impulse as by the moral principles and emotional bonds.
He visited a model Anganwadi Centre, and interacted with Anganwadi workers and beneficiary children of Poshan Abhiyan.
Both these policy initiatives were formally launched by the Hon’ble Prime Minister on 15 July 2015.
Start practicing from today itself.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Gujaratis across the world, on the beginning of New Year.
The Asia-Pacific region has been a global leader in more ways than one.
Later in the day, at Bidar, the Prime Minister will inaugurate the Bidar – Kalaburagi New Railway Line.
It will stop at Kanpur and Allahabad where it will be received by dignitaries and the people.
We now have a version in India as well.
He expressed satisfaction at the changing lifestyle of people in India, following Swachh Bharat Mission.
It already has one hundred and twenty one members.
This Government has introduced e-NAM – the electronic National Agricultural Market.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
Among the projects to be inaugurated are: Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Puraani Kashi; and an Atal Incubation Centre at BHU.
Even their parents leave no stone unturned for the sake of their children.
It also brings a spirit of openness and powers us with the capability to accept others.
Energy in general and hydrocarbons in particular are an important part of my vision for India’s future.
The approval seeks to ensure that the doctors belonging to Central Health Service (CHS) and of other Ministries / Departments / entities of the Central Government, after attaining the age of 62 years, work exclusively in their respective fields of clinical expertise.
He also encouraged the jawans to innovate, so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
India and Morocco have enjoyed cordial and friendly relations and over the years bilateral relations have witnessed significant depth and growth.
1- BRICS Action Agenda on Economic and Trade Cooperation
lARI-Jharkhand would be a unique Institution, which would possess all the hallmark identities as that of IARI at New Delhi including all sectors of agriculture like field crops, horticultural crops, agro-forestry, animal husbandry, fisheries, poultry, piggery, silk and lac rearing, honey production etc.
Mr. Bimalendra Nidhi, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Home Affairs of Nepal called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
Recently, I saw that they were presenting the story of some youth from Delhi who are selflessly working in a dedicated manner to help in educating the poor children.
As you are well aware, there has been a crisis in this country, you referred to it.
The Drishyakala- Exhibition on Indian Art showcases Indian art works from 16th century till India’s independence.
In this context, he also mentioned the Rafale fighter planes, and said these will start joining the Air Force within a few months, as a result of the efforts of the Union Government.
We have no doubt about the scale of the challenge.
Housing and Construction Sector plays a major role in the growth of economy and creating new employment opportunities.
During the review of development work in Lakshadweep, the Prime Minister was apprised of the steps taken to boost Tuna fishing, and the promotion of “Lakshadweep Tuna” as a brand.
He added that farmers must benefit from the changing technology.
And that too, a ‘Khadi’ handkerchief, so that it promotes ‘Khadi’.
This spirit of inquiry and emphasis on moving with the times makes extremely great.
Substantial indirect employment will also be generated during construction and operation phases.
His contribution in giving a unified texture to the nation is without parallel.
A periodical report is required to be submitted to the Cabinet on the progress made by the Special Committee for Interlinking of Rivers.
When nature is at her joyous best, when the season is enchanting, we human beings too enjoy this to the fullest.
· A national skills competition, known as ‘India Skills’ will be launched during 2016-2017, to recognize the skills of India’s youth.
My dear countrymen, today I want to express my gratitude to all of you.
There is no additional financial implications involved.
The Kochi Metro has also pioneered an innovative PPP model for ticketing Indian banks and financial institutions are being invited through a bid process to invest in an Automated Fare Collection system.
RECOGNISING with appreciation the achievements made over the past 25 years of ASEAN-India Dialogue Relations across the three ASEAN Community pillars, namely political-security, economic and socio-cultural;
The 2014 Nobel Prize in Physics was for the BLUE LED.
The Foundation has been designed around the new provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
Harsimrat Kaur Badal, today called on Prime Minister Shri.
This was followed by Chancellor Merkel’s visit to India in October 2015.
Seminar on Port Led Development & Strategies to establish India as the Trans-shipment Hub of Asia
There is a compelling need to provide an impetus to exploration activity in the country.
Do you know what the reason is?
The increasing interest in Khadi has infused a new thinking in those working in the Khadi sector as well as those connected, in any way, with Khadi.
The Prime Minister said that the common citizen has today become a soldier in the fight against corruption and black money.
The whole scenario of the ‘Quit India Movement’ was different and in 1942 things rose to such a point, there was such a heightened sense of intensity, that a Mahapurush like Mahatma Gandhi gave the mantra of “Do or Die.”
I am encouraged by the wide-ranging agenda for action that President Rahmon and I have set for our countries during this visit.
The MoU will encourage cooperation between the two countries and strengthen bilateral ties between them.
b) motor vehicles falling under headings 8703.
Prime Minister Modi, in his address, described Vesak as the most sacred of days, when humanity reveres the birth, enlightenment and Parinirvana of Lord Buddha.
And all this has been possible due to the relentless efforts of a 130 crore countrymen.
But the middlemen are taking away the benefits and poorer people are unable to get the benefits.
Umbrella Programme for Development of Minorities
Over two days on 7th and 8th July, I look forward to engaging leaders from other G-20 countries on the vital issues affecting our world today that have a bearing on economic growth, sustainable development, and peace and stability.
Ammonia-Urea Fertilizer Complex at Barauni foundation stone was laid by PM during this visit..It will boost fertilizer production.
Excellencies, Ladies and Gentlemen,
The Prime Minister explained how honey-bees could be an important source of additional income for farmers.
You will feel the onset of a certain ease in your work.
He expressed confidence that the proposed railway project will contribute to the process of strengthening national and urban transport in Bangladesh.
HarivanshJi, whatever sources he had through his newspaper, on the basis of those sources, he courageously went to the Naxal area.
Traction Rolling stock
The Prime Minister said that India has a long tradition of handicrafts, and Varanasi has played a key role in this regard.
They also underlined the importance of freedom of navigation, overflight and peaceful resolution of disputes, in accordance with the universally recognised principles of International Law, notably the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) 1982.
We have taken a step forward and revised the Foreign Direct Investment cap of 26 percent to 49 percent through the automatic route, and even up to 100 percent on a case-to-case basis.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today delivered the opening remarks at the fourth meeting of the Governing Council of NITI Aayog, in Rashtrapati Bhawan Cultural Centre in New Delhi.
2. SDGs with 17 Goals and 169 Targets intend for promotion of sustainable, inclusive and equitable economic growth, creating greater opportunities for all, reducing inequalities, raising basic standards of living, fostering equitable social development and inclusion, promoting integrated and sustainable management of natural resources and ecosystems.
The Enhanced Oil Recovery Policy aims to promote the use of latest technology in improving productivity of upstream fields.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Interest Subvention Scheme (ISS) for farmers for the year 2017-18.
The Prime Minister will meet with officials and public representatives.
He said the moments when he offered Charan Vandana to some sanitation workers, would always remain etched in his memory.
They discussed progress in bilateral engagement since Prime Minister’s visit to U.S. in June 2016.
Earlier this morning, the Prime Minister participated in the Yoga session of the Officer Trainees, held in the lawns of the Academy, in the backdrop of the Himalayas.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India has been engaged in ensuring that processed food made in India, matches global quality standards.
This is because both countries are strengthening their economic fundamentals.
The policy affirms commitment to pre-emptive care (aimed at pre-empting the occurrence of diseases) to achieve optimum levels of child and adolescent health.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Netherlands on cooperation in the exploration and uses of outer space for peaceful purposes.
The meeting was attended by the Finance Minister Shri Arun Jaitley, the Minister of State for Planning Shri Rao Inderjit Singh, the Vice Chairman NITI Aayog Shri Arvind Panagariya, and senior officers from the Union Government and NITI Aayog.
This would be an ideal mechanism to mitigate the credit risks associated with cross-border financing.
In a way, technology is becoming an inseparable part of our lives.
We recognize the need for urgent measures to counter and prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and radicalization.
This is the fourth in a series of global high-level multi-country, multi-stakeholder events aimed at sustaining global momentum for issues related to health of women, children and adolescents.
Not many of you may recognize, but there is one contribution of your ancestors, that you should be proud of.
The results of these efforts are now evident.
The girls used to dropout of schools due to lack of toilets in the schools.
We will never forget leaders like Saumiyamurthy Thondaman, who worked hard for your rights, for your upliftment and economic prosperity.
16. Both leaders agreed on the importance of maintaining peace and security in the Indian Ocean Region.
More so, if it includes 4 crore youth who have taken the loan for the first time with the aspiration to become self-reliant and are promoting self-employment.
Establishment of a security dialogue in order to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
The Union Government’s work will always be at a large scale, benefiting all sections of society, he added.
In response to Myanmar’s request, India agreed to undertake preparation of DPRs for the Rihkhawdar-Zowkhathar bridge and the Bwaynu bridge.
In addition, there will be a Medical College, AYUSH Block, Auditorium, Night Shelter, Guest House, Hostels and residential facilities.
We are also committed to ensure, that we do so, in a way that is sustainable and green.
Exports of agricultural products would play a pivotal role in achieving this goal.
Widespread condemnation of commercial surrogacy prevalent in India has also been regularly published in different print-and electronic media since last few years highlighting the need to prohibit commercial surrogacy and allow ethical altruistic surrogacy.
It is imperative to reject discrimination against the girl child and ensure equal opportunities for the girl child.
There are two three times more people outside this tent than those who are inside it.
He appreciated their effort to work together, to use innovative means and technology, to improve the delivery of health and nutrition services and achieve the goal of POSHAN Abhiyan- reduction of malnutrition in the country.
When we remove red-tape and make policies easier, we bring more FDI.
We note with satisfaction the progress achieved in implementation of the recommendations of the BIMSTEC Transport Infrastructure and Logistics Study.
He encouraged them to devote their energies to work in coordination with other government agencies to improve the quality of life in their villages.
The Ministerial Decision also contains disciplines to ensure that other export policies are not used as a disguised form of subsidies.
You have put it on the path of growth and progress amidst many challenges.
MoU in the field of Tourism cooperation between India and Oman.
A similar bid was also received for a unique painting, which depicts Prime Minister Modi on a railway platform – a uniquely artistic interpretation of Narendra Modi’s special bond with the railways.
He said the fertilizer plant would help the farmers of the State.
Insurance coverage upto 5 lakh rupees per family, per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalization will be provided under this mission.
Expressing his gratitude for the prestigious honour and in light of India’s deepening partnership with the Republic of Korea, Prime Minister Modi has accepted the award.
We decided that this culture of wastage of public money cannot continue.
More than 90 percent of our sectors are now on automatic route for approval.
To mitigate the shortfall in availability of pulses and supplement the existing efforts at meeting the requirements, Government has decided to enter into long term G2G arrangement with Mozambique so as to ensure assured availability of pulses.
The Prime Minister has been receiving greetings from a cross-section of society, through social media, and the Narendra Modi App.
We rejoice in the success of the Indian-origin diaspora as they leave a mark across the world, near and far.
Excellencies, and Friends,
The present sanctioned strength of Technical Group ‘A’ cadre of PESO is 137 having 60 Junior Time Scale (JTS) level officers, 46 Senior Time Scale (STS) level officers, 23 Junior Administrative Grade (JAG) level officers (Level 12), 7 JAG level officers (Level 13) and 1 Senior Administrative Grade (SAG) level post of Chief Controller of Explosives.
There was a time when only big cities used to hog all the limelight.
Today I want to impress upon you that we end up losing our peace of mind by trying to escape from rules and regulations.
To do this, we have to absorb new ideas collectively rather than individually.
Out of the total 61.679 km, 22.359 km will be built underground and 39.320 km will be constructed as elevated section.
We should take the country forward, we should make a New India with the strength to fulfill the dreams of our freedom fightersby 2022 when India will celebrate 75 years of its independence.
Our recent World Food India initiative helped us engage with entrepreneurs in the food processing industry and agricultural waste sectors.
Through this MoU, Government of India would provide access and share the technology of other major ICT Initiatives in Education such as National Digital Library of India (NDLI), Virtual Labs, Spoken Tutorials.
Thousands of children made paintings.
We share the same patriotic values and envision great accomplishments for the nation and its citizens.
This has been proved too.
The 2019 Lok Sabha elections have two distinct sides.
Sharing of information on facilities for business and non-commercial aviation.
This will facilitate uniformity of the process across the country.
This will be a big help to them.
Many more do not have access to clean cooking fuel.
They have taken this campaign in a religious manner.
Ladies & Gentlemen,
The Line of Credit Agreement of $100 million signed for agricultural mechanisation today would open a new dimension of engagement.
Farmers who have paid interest during the last two months, will receive these amounts back, directly into their bank accounts.
In the ports sector, there has been considerable progress in average vessel turnaround time.
iii. Optional Schemes: The Schemes where States would be free to choose the ones they wish to implement.
The interest will be paid monthly.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed the first Air Freight Corridor flight from Kabul to India.
“Heartiest congratulations to our space scientists for yet another successful launch of PSLV.
The leaders also reiterated their support for ongoing reform efforts to strengthen UN peacekeeping operations.
1. Planning and execution of Joint research for the mutual interests;
But, a couple of things are clear.
This budget will live up to the expectation of every Indian Citizen.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has brought an aviation policy that is transforming the sector.
With this, all nine presentations on various governance related themes have now been made in the current series.
On behalf of millions of Divyangjan of the country I express my thanks.
The total outlay on these projects is estimated to be over Rs. 15,000 crore.
71. We note with satisfaction the progress achieved on establishing the BRICS Local Currency Bond Fund, and look forward to starting its operation.
· BRICS Network University Conference – 5 to 7 July (Stellenbosch)
It is a great honour for me to touch this sacred soil of Rameswaram.
The speed and scale at which Mission Indradhanush is working is setting a new paradigm in preventive healthcare.
(ii) Accruals from the Cess would be utilized in the ongoing schemes of Secondary and Higher Education.
Emphasizing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said “playing with the well-being of future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.”
Then she came to know of the ‘Government E-Marketplace’ system initiated by the government.
Are there only 32 lakh people in this country who earn more than 10 lakhs?
Tomorrow, you will be our honoured Guests at our Republic Day celebrations.
The seminar will involve discussion on themes relevant to future development of the transport sector in Gujarat and India.
He received a loan of Rs. 9.10 lakh, which he used to further his dye casting and moulds enterprise.
The Amendment will strengthen the Human Rights Institutions of India further for effective discharge of their mandates, roles and responsibilities.
He also encouraged them to write and share their experiences, after the successful completion of the voyage.
21. The Prime Minister of India welcomed Maldives’ decision to re-join the Commonwealth.
Ms. Rakiya Edderham conveyed greetings of His Majesty the King of Morocco to the Prime Minister.
There are millions of fans of Indian art, culture and spirituality in Argentina.
The message was played at an event at Guru Jambeshwar University at Hisar, today.
iii. Accepting land, free of cost, from the State Government of Odisha;
This unit will create opportunities for 400 direct and 1200 indirect employments.
The pipeline of JanDhan-Aadhaar-Mobile (JAM) will continue to provide the necessary backbone for coverage of these activities and thereby accelerating the pace of digitized, financially included & insured society.
“My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones in the tragic bus accident in Himachal Pradesh.
The Prime Minister said change could not come for the tribal communities through a top down approach.
The Prime Minister emphasized the need for an increase in exports, and said that States must be made active partners in this effort.
The areas covered by this project are Thane, Palghar, Raigad and Mumbai districts of Maharashtra.
He said that his Qatar visit witnessed fruitful and comprehensive deliberations that will usher a new era of strong friendship between the two nations.
It has increased by 2% over the existing rate of 2% of the Basic Pay/Pension, to compensate for price rise.
The requirement of Government-signed End User Certificate for export of parts and components and other non-sensitive military stores, sub-assemblies, and sub-systems has been done away with.
While this government has cleared projects worth Rs. 1.53 lakh crores during its first three years.
Beyond awards, there should be some more efforts from our society in acknowledging their contribution.
My visit brings to the fore one of the most abiding links between India and Sri Lanka- the shared heritage of Buddhism.
My dear countrymen, I want to specially express my indebtedness to you.
In Port Blair, he laid a wreath at the Martyrs Column, and visited the Cellular Jail.
The Prime Minister also unveiled an e plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of a Hydro Engineering College at Bilaspur, Himachal Pradesh.
Exchanged by
Large Hydropower Projects to be declared as Renewable Energy source (as per existing practice, only hydropower projects less than 25MW are categorized as Renewable Energy).
We urge all countries and entities to work sincerely to disrupt terrorist networks and their financing, and stop cross-border movement of terrorists.
The Prime Minister said that India and Japan have laid the foundations for strong cooperation in many areas for decades to come.
Similarly, 1780 km of lines have been commissioned, and 1730 kilometres electrified during 2015-16, which represent the best performance on these metrics in railway history.
He said that in the last four years or so, a lot of serious efforts have been made to improve the quality of life of the poor.
The recommendations were further examined in consultation with Members of Parliament of Coastal States and Union Territories besides other concerned Ministries of Government of India.
Mahatma Gandhi often used to say, “One must care about a world one will not see”.
In hating Modi, the Opposition has begun to hate the nation.
They must have shown a great sense of understanding and farsightedness and that too at a juncture when the country was getting rid of the bondage of slavery.
Mode of cash transfer to the Beneficiaries
Today is another landmark day.
In the family, in schools, colleges, our children of the new generation, our small innocent children should be nurtured in such an environment that they learn appropriate values.
Referring to the eminent sportspersons present in the gathering, he said they too would have faced many obstacles; but they did not give up and went on to distinguish themselves.
The Prime Minister said that in the eighties and nineties, the world did not fully understand terrorism and the dangers it posed.
Vande Bharat Express can run up to a maximum speed of 160 kmph and has travel classes like Shatabdi Train but with better facilities.
The Prime Minister said that in this year’s Union Budget, a provision of 14 lakh crore rupees has been made to strengthen rural and agricultural infrastructure.
I will address a public meeting in Udaipur.
Balia had been at the forefront in the freedom struggle right from the war of independence of 1857 to sounding the bugle of August Revolution to sacrificing lives.
So a lot of new people would have received the training for casting votes.
9. The two sides noted with satisfaction the continued exchange of high-level visits that has fostered better mutual understanding of outstanding bilateral issues.
We are promoting micro-irrigation to ensure optimal use of water with increased productivity.
Noida mainly has road linkages with Delhi and the adjoining areas of Uttar Pradesh and Haryana State.
A campaign has been launched to stop the drainage of polluted water, to stop the water polluted with chemicals going into Ganga.
Under the scheme, senior citizens will receive a fixed interest rate of 8 per cent for a period of 10 years, on deposits upto 7.5 lakh rupees.
He laid foundation stone for North East Gas Grid.
And I would like to thank all the dignitaries, all the honorable members for taking forward this entire process in a very good manner and also to the deputy chairman.
The Prime Minister said that herbal and medicinal plants can be a significant source of income, globally, and India should leverage its capabilities in this regard.
The two leaders will review the recent progress in the multifaceted cooperation between India and Japan under the framework of their ‘Special Strategic and Global Partnership’ and will set its future direction.
“The people of India will be enthusiastically cheering for our athletes representing India at the Rio 2016 Paralympics, starting 7th September.
We want, and will encourage, industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
The Agreement was exchanged on 12th September, 2017 at New Delhi during the visit of Belarus President H.E. Mr. Alexander Lukashenko.
He also inaugurated a new plant of Amar Dairy, and laid the foundation stone for a honey plant.
Shri Manoj Sinha
The updation is as per latest ICAO template keeping in view the latest developments in civil aviation sector and with an objective to improve the air connectivity between the two countries.
For example, think of purchasing Khadi and handloom products on special occasions; this will benefit many weavers.
The leaders also reiterated the importance of holistic approaches to health and wellness, and of promoting the potential benefits of holistic approaches by synergizing modern and traditional systems of medicine, including Yoga.
This is highest for any country;
It will benefit all people residing in and around Karma, Jharkhand who will be provided better health care facilities.
Israeli technologies could also be used to improve the quality of lives of hundreds of thousands of people in our country if Israeli innovators remodel their products according to the needs of our rural population.
Recalling the efforts of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, Shri Narendra Modi said that the vision to Transform the Landscape of Urban India is closely connected with Lucknow, from where Shri Vajpayee was an MP.
The steps will lead to a cumulative increase of US$ 30 bn. in exports and investment of Rs. 74,000 crores over next 3 years.
He said that when we discuss global relations, we must understand that the whole world is interconnected and interdependent.
He said that the last two decades have seen several positive changes in Gujarat’s development journey.
Noting that diversity is India’s strength, the Prime Minister said that the Goods and Services Tax will be implemented from July 1st, and this will herald a uniform tax system across the country.
“Deeply saddened at the death of our Veer jawans in an avalanche in Kashmir.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the courage & invaluable service of the Indian Army, on the occasion of Army Day.
For the first time a holistic view of the power sector has been taken and comprehensive amendments have been made in the Tariff policy 2006.
States/ UTs would be advised to implement the scheme by a dedicated entity called State Health Agency (SHA).
They underlined that connectivity initiatives must be based on the key principles of good governance, rule of law, openness and transparency; should follow social and environmental standards, principles of financial responsibility, accountable debt-financing practices; and must be pursued in a manner that respects international obligations, standards, best practice and delivers tangible benefits.
National Institute of Oceanography (NIO), Institute of Minerals and Materials Technology (IMMT), National Metallurgical Laboratory (NML), National Centre for Antarctica and Ocean Research (NCAOR), National Institute of Ocean Technology (NIOT) etc., in accordance with the Contract provisions.
We have liberalized the FDI regime.
· BRICS Business Forum – 25 July (Sandton)
In December 2014, MEA requested tSRO / DOS to consider Algeria’s proposal for entering into an Inter-Governmental Agreement (IGA) for space cooperation and forwarded the draft agreement, provided by Algeria.
