About Judah. What have you to do in my house? is it your thought that oaths and holy flesh will get you out of your trouble? will you make yourself safe in this way?
You had been named by the Lord, A branching olive-tree, fair with beautiful fruit: with the noise of a great rushing he has put it on fire and its branches are broken.
For the Lord of armies, by whom you were planted, has given his decision for evil against you, because of the evil which the people of Israel and the people of Judah have done, In moving me to wrath by offering perfumes to the Baal.
And the Lord gave me knowledge of it and I saw it: then you made clear to me their doings.
But I was like a gentle lamb taken to be put to death; I had no thought that they were designing evil against me, saying, Come and let us make trouble his food, cutting him off from the land of the living, so that there may be no more memory of his name.
But, O Lord of armies, judging in righteousness, testing the thoughts and the heart, let me see your punishment come on them: for I have put my cause before you.
So this is what the Lord of armies has said about the men of Anathoth who have made designs against your life, saying, You are not to be a prophet in the name of the Lord, or death will overtake you by our hands:
So the Lord of armies has said, See, I will send punishment on them: the young men will be put to the sword; their sons and their daughters will come to death through need of food:
Not one of them will keep his life, for I will send evil on the men of Anathoth in the year of their punishment.
Like snow in summer and rain when the grain is being cut, so honour is not natural for the foolish.
As the sparrow in her wandering and the swallow in her flight, so the curse does not come without a cause.
A whip for the horse, a mouth-bit for the ass, and a rod for the back of the foolish.
Do not give to the foolish man a foolish answer, or you will be like him.
Give a foolish man a foolish answer, or he will seem wise to himself.
He who sends news by the hand of a foolish man is cutting off his feet and drinking in damage.
The legs of one who has no power of walking are hanging loose; so is a wise saying in the mouth of the foolish.
Giving honour to a foolish man is like attempting to keep a stone fixed in a cord.
Like a thorn which goes up into the hand of a man overcome by drink, so is a wise saying in the mouth of a foolish man.
Like an archer wounding all who go by, is a foolish man overcome by drink.
Like a dog going back to the food which he has not been able to keep down, is the foolish man doing his foolish acts over again.
Have you seen a man who seems to himself to be wise? There is more hope for the foolish than for him.
The hater of work says, There is a lion in the way; a lion is in the streets.
A door is turned on its pillar, and the hater of work on his bed.
The hater of work puts his hand deep into the basin: lifting it again to his mouth is a weariness to him.
The hater of work seems to himself wiser than seven men who are able to give an answer with good sense.
He who gets mixed up in a fight which is not his business, is like one who takes a dog by the ears while it is going by.
As one who is off his head sends about flaming sticks and arrows of death,
So is the man who gets the better of his neighbour by deceit, and says, Am I not doing so in sport?
Without wood, the fire goes out; and where there is no secret talk, argument is ended.
Like breath on coals and wood on fire, so a man given to argument gets a fight started.
The words of one who says evil of his neighbour secretly are like sweet food, they go down into the inner parts of the stomach.
Smooth lips and an evil heart are like a vessel of earth plated with silver waste.
With his lips the hater makes things seem what they are not, but deceit is stored up inside him;
When he says fair words, have no belief in him; for in his heart are seven evils:
Though his hate is covered with deceit, his sin will be seen openly before the meeting of the people.
He who makes a hole in the earth will himself go falling into it: and on him by whom a stone is rolled the stone will come back again.
A false tongue has hate for those who have clean hearts, and a smooth mouth is a cause of falling.
And getting the twelve together, he gave them power and authority over all evil spirits and over diseases, to make them well.
And he sent them out to be preachers of the kingdom of God, and to make well those who were ill.
And he said to them, Take nothing for your journey, no stick or bag or bread or money, and do not take two coats.
And if you go into a house, let that house be your resting-place till you go away.
And if any people will not take you in, when you go away from that town, put off its dust from your feet for a witness against them.
And they went away, journeying through all the towns, preaching the good news and making people free from diseases in all places.
Now Herod the king had news of all these things: and he was in doubt, because it was said by some people that John had come back from the dead;
And by some, that Elijah had come; and by others, that one of the old prophets had come back to life.
And Herod said, I put John to death: but who is this, of whom such stories are given to me? And he had a desire to see him.
And the twelve, when they came back, gave him an account of what they had done. And he took them with him and went away from the people to a town named Beth-saida.
But the people, getting news of it, went after him: and he was pleased to see them, and gave them teaching about the kingdom of God, and made those well who were in need of it.
And the day went on; and the twelve came to him and said, Send these people away so that they may go into the towns and the country round about and get resting-places and food for themselves, for we are in a waste place.
But he said, Give them food yourselves. And they said, We have only five cakes of bread and two fishes, if we do not go and get food for all these people.
For there were about five thousand men. And he said to his disciples, Make them be seated in groups, about fifty to a group.
And they did so, and made them all be seated.
And he took the five cakes of bread and the two fishes and, looking up to heaven, he said words of blessing over them, and when they had been broken, he gave them to the disciples to give to the people.
And they all took the food and had enough; and they took up of the broken bits which were over, twelve baskets full.
And it came about that when he was in prayer, by himself, and the disciples were with him, he put a question to them, saying, Who do the people say I am?
And they, answering, said, John the Baptist; but others say Elijah; and others, that one of the old prophets has come back.
And he said, But who do you say that I am? And Peter, answering, said, The Christ of God.
But he gave them special orders, not to say this to any man;
Saying, The Son of man will undergo much and be put on one side by the rulers and the chief priests and the teachers of the law, and be put to death, and on the third day he will come back to life.
And he said to them all, If any man has a desire to come after me, let him give up all, and take up his cross every day, and come after me.
For whoever has a desire to keep his life will have it taken from him, but whoever gives up his life because of me, will keep it.
For what profit will a man have if he gets all the world, but undergoes loss or destruction himself?
For if any man has a feeling of shame because of me or of my words, the Son of man will have shame because of him when he comes in his glory and the glory of the Father and of the holy angels.
But truly I say to you, Some of those who are here now will have no taste of death till they see the kingdom of God.
And about eight days after he had said these things, he took Peter and John and James with him and went up into the mountain for prayer.
And while he was in prayer, his face was changed and his clothing became white and shining.
And two men, Moses and Elijah, were talking with him;
Who were seen in glory and were talking of his death which was about to take place in Jerusalem.
Now Peter and those who were with him were overcome with sleep: but when they were fully awake, they saw his glory and the two men who were with him.
And when they were about to go away from him, Peter said to Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here; let us make three tents, one for you and one for Moses and one for Elijah: having no knowledge of what he was saying.
And while he said these things, the shade of a cloud came over them, and they were full of fear when they went into the cloud.
And there was a voice from the cloud saying, This is my Son, the man of my selection; give ear to him.
And after the voice was gone they saw that Jesus was by himself. And they kept quiet, and said nothing at that time to anyone of the things which they had seen.
And on the day after, when they came down from the mountain, a great band of people came to him.
And a man from among them, crying out, said, Master, I make a request to you, give a thought to my son, for he is my only child:
And see, a spirit takes him, and suddenly he gives a cry, twisted in pain and streaming at the lips, and when it goes away from him at last, he is marked as from blows.
And I made a request to your disciples to send it out of him, but they were not able to do it.
And Jesus said, O generation without faith and false in heart, how long will I have to be with you and put up with you? let your son come here.
And while he was coming, he was pushed violently down and twisted by the evil spirit. But Jesus gave sharp orders to the unclean spirit, and made the boy well, and gave him back to his father.
And they were full of wonder at the great power of God. But while they were all wondering at all the things which he did, he said to his disciples,
Let these words go deep into your ears, for the Son of man will be given up into the hands of men.
But this saying was not clear to them and its sense was kept secret from them so that they were not able to see it: and they had fear of questioning him about it.
Now there was a discussion among them about which of them would be the greatest.
But when Jesus saw the reasoning of their hearts, he took a small child and put him by his side,
And said to them, Whoever gives honour to this child in my name, gives honour to me: and whoever gives honour to me, gives honour to him who sent me: for whoever is least among you all, that man is great.
And John, answering, said, Master, we saw a man driving out evil spirits in your name, and we did not let him do it, because he was not one of us.
But Jesus said to him, Let him do it, for he who is not against you is for you.
And it came about that when the days were near for him to be taken up, his face was turned to go to Jerusalem,
And he sent men before: and they came to a small town of Samaria to make ready for him.
But they would not have him there, because he was clearly going to Jerusalem.
And when his disciples, James and John, saw this, they said, Lord, may we send fire from heaven and put an end to them?
But turning round he said sharp words to them.
And they went to another small town.
And when they were on the way, a certain man said to him, I will come after you wherever you go.
And Jesus said to him, Foxes have holes and the birds of the air have resting-places, but the Son of man has nowhere to put his head.
And he said to another, Come after me. But he said, Lord, let me first go and give the last honours to my father.
But he said to him, Let the dead take care of their dead; it is for you to go and give news of the kingdom of God.
And another man said, I will come with you, Lord, but first let me say a last good-day to those who are at my house.
But Jesus said, No man, having put his hand to the plough and looking back, is good enough for the kingdom of God.
I am a rose of Sharon, a flower of the valleys.
As the lily-flower among the thorns of the waste, so is my love among the daughters.
As the apple-tree among the trees of the wood, so is my loved one among the sons. I took my rest under his shade with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste.
He took me to the house of wine, and his flag over me was love.
Make me strong with wine-cakes, let me be comforted with apples; I am overcome with love.
His left hand is under my head, and his right hand is round about me.
I say to you, O daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes of the field, do not let love be moved till it is ready.
The voice of my loved one! See, he comes dancing on the mountains, stepping quickly on the hills.
My loved one is like a roe; see, he is on the other side of our wall, he is looking in at the windows, letting himself be seen through the spaces.
My loved one said to me, Get up, my love, my fair one, and come away.
For, see, the winter is past, the rain is over and gone;
The flowers are come on the earth; the time of cutting the vines is come, and the voice of the dove is sounding in our land;
The fig-tree puts out her green fruit and the vines with their young fruit give a good smell. Get up from your bed, my beautiful one, and come away.
O my dove, you are in the holes of the mountain sides, in the cracks of the high hills; let me see your face, let your voice come to my ears; for sweet is your voice, and your face is fair.
Take for us the foxes, the little foxes, which do damage to the vines; our vines have young grapes.
My loved one is mine, and I am his: he takes his food among the flowers.
Till the evening comes, and the sky slowly becomes dark, come, my loved one, and be like a roe on the mountains of Bether.
And Israel went on his journey with all he had, and came to Beer-sheba, where he made offerings to the God of his father Isaac.
And God said to Israel in a night-vision, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, Here am I.
And he said, I am God, the God of your father: go down to Egypt without fear, for I will make a great nation of you there:
I will go down with you to Egypt, and I will see that you come back again, and at your death Joseph will put his hands on your eyes.
Then Jacob went on from Beer-sheba; and the sons of Jacob took their father and their little ones and their wives in the carts which Pharaoh had sent for them.
And they took their cattle and all the goods which they had got in the land of Canaan, and came to Egypt, even Jacob and all his seed:
His sons and his sons' sons, his daughters and his daughters' sons and all his family he took with him into Egypt.
And these are the names of the children of Israel who came into Egypt, even Jacob and all his sons: Reuben, Jacob's oldest son;
And the sons of Reuben: Hanoch and Pallu and Hezron and Carmi;
And the sons of Simeon: Jemuel and Jamin and Ohad and Jachin and Zohar and Shaul, the son of a woman of Canaan;
And the sons of Levi: Gershon, Kohath, and Merari;
And the sons of Judah: Er and Onan and Shelah and Perez and Zerah: but Er and Onan had come to their death in the land of Canaan; and the sons of Perez were Hezron and Hamul.
And the sons of Issachar: Tola and Puah and Job and Shimron;
And the sons of Zebulun: Sered and Elon and Jahleel;
All these, together with his daughter Dinah, were the children of Leah, whom Jacob had by her in Paddan-aram; they were thirty-three in number.
And the sons of Gad: Ziphion and Haggi, Shuni and Ezbon, Eri and Arodi and Areli;
And the sons of Asher: Jimnah and Ishvah and Ishvi and Beriah, and Sarah, their sister; and the sons of Beriah: Heber and Malchiel.
These are the children of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to his daughter Leah, and Jacob had these sixteen children by her.
The sons of Jacob's wife Rachel: Joseph and Benjamin.
And Joseph had Manasseh and Ephraim in the land of Egypt, by Asenath, the daughter of Poti-phera, priest of On.
And the sons of Benjamin were Belah and Becher and Ashbel, Gera and Naaman, Ehi and Rosh, Muppim and Huppim and Ard.
All these were the children of Rachel whom Jacob had by her, fourteen persons.
And the son of Dan was Hushim.
And the sons of Naphtali: Jahzeel and Guni and Jezer and Shillem.
These were the children of Bilhah, whom Laban gave to his daughter Rachel, seven persons.
All the persons who came with Jacob into Egypt, the offspring of his body, were sixty-six, without taking into account the wives of Jacob's sons.
And the sons of Joseph whom he had in Egypt were two. Seventy persons of the family of Jacob came into Egypt.
Now he had sent Judah before him to Goshen, to get word from Joseph; and so they came to the land of Goshen.
And Joseph got his carriage ready and went to Goshen for the meeting with his father; and when he came before him, he put his arms round his neck, weeping.
And Israel said to Joseph, Now that I have seen you living again, I am ready for death.
And Joseph said to his brothers and to his father's people, I will go and give the news to Pharaoh, and say to him, My brothers and my father's people, from the land of Canaan, have come to me;
And these men are keepers of sheep and owners of cattle, and have with them their flocks and their herds and all they have.
Now when Pharaoh sends for you and says, What is your business?
You are to say, Your servants have been keepers of cattle from our early days up to now, like our fathers; in this way you will be able to have the land of Goshen for yourselves; because keepers of sheep are unclean in the eyes of the Egyptians.
Alamoth. To the chief music-maker. Of the sons of Korah. A Psalm. Give attention to this, all you peoples; let your ears be open, all you who are living in the world.
High and low together, the poor, and those who have wealth.
From my mouth will come words of wisdom; and in the thoughts of my heart will be knowledge.
I will put my teaching into a story; I will make my dark sayings clear with music.
What cause have I for fear in the days of evil, when the evil-doing of those who are working for my downfall is round about me?
Even of those whose faith is in their wealth, and whose hearts are lifted up because of their stores.
Truly, no man may get back his soul for a price, or give to God the payment for himself;
(Because it takes a great price to keep his soul from death, and man is not able to give it.)
So that he might have eternal life, and never see the underworld.
For he sees that wise men come to their end, and foolish persons of low behaviour come to destruction together, letting their wealth go to others.
The place of the dead is their house for ever, and their resting-place through all generations; those who come after them give their names to their lands.
But man, like the animals, does not go on for ever; he comes to an end like the beasts.
This is the way of the foolish; their silver is for those who come after them, and their children get the pleasure of their gold. (Selah.)
Death will give them their food like sheep; the underworld is their fate and they will go down into it; their flesh is food for worms; their form is wasted away; the underworld is their resting-place for ever.
But God will get back my soul; for he will take me from the power of death. (Selah.)
Have no fear when wealth comes to a man, and the glory of his house is increased;
For at his death, he will take nothing away; his glory will not go down after him.
Though he might have pride in his soul in his life-time, and men will give you praise if you do well for yourself,
He will go to the generation of his fathers; he will not see the light again.
Man, like the animals, does not go on for ever; he comes to an end like the beasts.
Now Abimelech, the son of Jerubbaal, went to Shechem to his mother's family, and said to them and to all the family of his mother's father,
Say now in the ears of all the townsmen of Shechem, Is it better for you to be ruled by all the seventy sons of Jerubbaal or by one man only? And keep in mind that I am your bone and your flesh.
So his mother's family said all this about him in the ears of all the townsmen of Shechem: and their hearts were turned to Abimelech, for they said, He is our brother.
And they gave him seventy shekels of silver from the house of Baal-berith, with which Abimelech got the support of a number of uncontrolled and good-for-nothing persons.
Then he went to his father's house at Ophrah, and put his brothers, the seventy sons of Jerubbaal, to death on the same stone; however, Jotham, the youngest, kept himself safe by going away to a secret place.
And all the townsmen of Shechem and all Beth-millo came together and went and made Abimelech their king, by the oak of the pillar in Shechem.
Now Jotham, on hearing of it, went to the top of Mount Gerizim, and crying out with a loud voice said to them, Give ear to me, you townsmen of Shechem, so that God may give ear to you.
One day the trees went out to make a king for themselves; and they said to the olive-tree, Be king over us.
But the olive-tree said to them, Am I to give up my wealth of oil, by which men give honour to God, and go waving over the trees?
Then the trees said to the fig-tree, You come and be king over us.
But the fig-tree said to them, Am I to give up my sweet taste and my good fruit and go waving over the trees?
Then the trees said to the vine, You come and be king over us.
But the vine said to them, Am I to give up my wine, which makes glad God and men, to go waving over the trees?
Then all the trees said to the thorn, You come and be king over us.
And the thorn said to the trees, If it is truly your desire to make me your king, then come and put your faith in my shade; and if not, may fire come out of the thorn, burning up the cedars of Lebanon.
So now, if you have done truly and uprightly in making Abimelech king, and if you have done well to Jerubbaal and his house in reward for the work of his hands;
(For my father made war for you, and put his life in danger, and made you free from the hands of Midian;
And you have gone against my father's family this day, and have put to death his sons, even seventy men on one stone, and have made Abimelech, the son of his servant-wife, king over the townsmen of Shechem because he is your brother;)
If then you have done what is true and upright to Jerubbaal and his family this day, may you have joy in Abimelech, and may he have joy in you;
But if not, may fire come out from Abimelech, burning up the townsmen of Shechem and Beth-millo; and may fire come out from the townsmen of Shechem and Beth-millo, for the destruction of Abimelech.
Then Jotham straight away went in flight to Beer, and was living there for fear of his brother Abimelech.
So Abimelech was chief over Israel for three years.
And God sent an evil spirit between Abimelech and the townsmen of Shechem; and the townsmen of Shechem were false to Abimelech;
So that punishment for the violent attack made on the seventy sons of Jerubbaal, and for their blood, might come on Abimelech, their brother, who put them to death, and on the townsmen of Shechem who gave him their help in putting his brothers to death.
And the townsmen of Shechem put secret watchers on the tops of the mountains, and they made attacks on all who went by on the road and took their goods; and word of this came to Abimelech.
Then Gaal, the son of Ebed, came with his brothers, and went over to Shechem; and the men of Shechem put their faith in him.
And they went out into their fields and got in the fruit of their vines, and when the grapes had been crushed, they made a holy feast and went into the house of their god, and over their food and drink they were cursing Abimelech.
And Gaal, the son of Ebed, said, Who is Abimelech and who is Shechem, that we are to be his servants? Is it not right for the son of Jerubbaal and Zebul his captain to be servants to the men of Hamor, the father of Shechem? But why are we to be his servants?
If only I had authority over this people! I would put Abimelech out of the way, and I would say to Abimelech, Make your army strong, and come out.
Now Zebul, the ruler of the town, hearing what Gaal, the son of Ebed, had said, was moved to wrath.
And he sent to Abimelech at Arumah, saying, See, Gaal, the son of Ebed, and his brothers have come to Shechem, and they are working up the town against you.
So now, get up by night, you and your people, and keep watch in the field secretly;
And in the morning, when the sun is up, get up early and make a rush on the town; and when he and his people come out against you, do to them whatever you have a chance to do.
So Abimelech and the people with him got up by night, in four bands, to make a surprise attack on Shechem.
And Gaal, the son of Ebed, went out, and took his place at the doorway into the town; then Abimelech and his people got up from the place where they had been waiting.
And when Gaal saw the people, he said to Zebul, See! people are coming down from the tops of the mountains. And Zebul said to him, You see the shade of the mountains like men.
And Gaal said again, See! people are coming down from the middle of the land, and one band is coming by way of the oak-tree of the Seers.
Then Zebul said to him, Now where is your loud talk when you said, Who is Abimelech that we are to be his servants? Is this not the people whom you were rating so low? Go out now, and make war on them.
So Gaal went out at the head of the townsmen of Shechem and made war on Abimelech.
And Abimelech went after him and he went in flight before him; and a great number were falling by the sword all the way up to the town.
Then Abimelech went back to Arumah; and Zebul sent Gaal and his brothers away and would not let them go on living in Shechem.
Now the day after, the people went out into the fields; and news of it came to Abimelech.
And he took his people, separating them into three bands, and was waiting secretly in the field; and when he saw the people coming out of the town, he went up and made an attack on them.
And Abimelech with his band made a rush, and took up their position at the doorway into the town; and the other two bands made a rush on all those who were in the fields, and overcame them.
And all that day Abimelech was fighting against the town; and he took it, and put to death the people who were in it, and had the town pulled down and covered with salt.
Then all the townsmen of the tower of Shechem, hearing of it, went into the inner room of the house of El-berith.
And word was given to Abimelech that all the men of the tower of Shechem were there together.
Then Abimelech went up to Mount Zalmon, with all his people; and Abimelech took an axe in his hand and, cutting down branches of trees, took them and put them on his back. And he said to the people who were with him, Be quick and do as you have seen me do.
So all the people got branches, every man cutting down a branch, and they went with Abimelech at their head and, massing the branches against the inner room, put fire to the room over them; so all those who were in the tower of Shechem, about a thousand men and women, were burned to death with it.
Then Abimelech went to Thebez, and put his army in position against Thebez and took it.
But in the middle of the town there was a strong tower, to which all the men and women of the town went in flight and, shutting themselves in, went up to the roof of the tower.
And Abimelech came to the tower and made an attack on it, and got near to the door of the tower for the purpose of firing it.
But a certain woman sent a great stone, such as is used for crushing grain, on to the head of Abimelech, cracking the bone.
Then quickly crying out to his body-servant, he said to him, Take out your sword and put an end to me straight away, so that men may not say of me, His death was the work of a woman. So the young man put his sword through him, causing his death.
And when the men of Israel saw that Abimelech was dead, they went away, every man to his place.
In this way Abimelech was rewarded by God for the evil he had done to his father in putting his seventy brothers to death;
And God sent back on to the heads of the men of Shechem all the evil they had done, and the curse of Jotham, the son of Jerubbaal, came on them.
A Song of the going up. When the Lord made a change in Zion's fate, we were like men in a dream.
Then our mouths were full of laughing, and our tongues gave a glad cry; they said among the nations, The Lord has done great things for them.
The Lord has done great things for us; because of which we are glad.
Let our fate be changed, O Lord, like the streams in the South.
Those who put in seed with weeping will get in the grain with cries of joy.
Though a man may go out weeping, taking his vessel of seed with him; he will come again in joy, with the corded stems of grain in his arms.
A Psalm. Of Asaph. Truly, God is good to Israel, even to such as are clean in heart.
But as for me, my feet had almost gone from under me; I was near to slipping;
Because of my envy of the men of pride, when I saw the well-being of the wrongdoers.
For they have no pain; their bodies are fat and strong.
They are not in trouble as others are; they have no part in the unhappy fate of men.
For this reason pride is round them like a chain; they are clothed with violent behaviour as with a robe.
Their eyes are bursting with fat; they have more than their heart's desire.
Their thoughts are deep with evil designs; their talk from their seats of power is of cruel acts.
Their mouth goes up to heaven; their tongues go walking through the earth.
For this reason they are full of bread; and water is ever flowing for them.
And they say, How will the Lord see this? is there knowledge in the Most High?
Truly, such are the sinners; they do well at all times, and their wealth is increased.
As for me, I have made my heart clean to no purpose, washing my hands in righteousness;
For I have been troubled all the day; every morning have I undergone punishment.
If I would make clear what it is like, I would say, You are false to the generation of your children.
When my thoughts were turned to see the reason of this, it was a weariness in my eyes;
Till I went into God's holy place, and saw the end of the evil-doers.
You put their feet where there was danger of slipping, so that they go down into destruction.
How suddenly are they wasted! fears are the cause of their destruction.
As a dream when one is awake, they are ended; they are like an image gone out of mind when sleep is over.
My heart was made bitter, and I was pained by the bite of grief:
As for me, I was foolish, and without knowledge; I was like a beast before you.
But still I am ever with you; you have taken me by my right hand.
Your wisdom will be my guide, and later you will put me in a place of honour.
Whom have I in heaven but you? and having you I have no desire for anything on earth.
My flesh and my heart are wasting away: but God is the Rock of my heart and my eternal heritage.
For those who are far away from you will come to destruction: you will put an end to all those who have not kept faith with you.
But it is good for me to come near to God: I have put my faith in the Lord God, so that I may make clear all his works.
The word which the Lord said about Babylon, about the land of the Chaldaeans, by Jeremiah the prophet.
Give it out among the nations, make it public, and let the flag be lifted up; give the word and keep nothing back; say, Babylon is taken, Bel is put to shame, Merodach is broken, her images are put to shame, her gods are broken.
For out of the north a nation is coming up against her, which will make her land waste and unpeopled: they are in flight, man and beast are gone.
In those days and in that time, says the Lord, the children of Israel will come, they and the children of Judah together; they will go on their way weeping and making prayer to the Lord their God.
They will be questioning about the way to Zion, with their faces turned in its direction, saying, Come, and be united to the Lord in an eternal agreement which will be kept in mind for ever.
My people have been wandering sheep: their keepers have made them go out of the right way, turning them loose on the mountains: they have gone from mountain to hill, having no memory of their resting-place.
They have been attacked by all those who came across them: and their attackers said, We are doing no wrong, because they have done evil against the Lord in whom is righteousness, against the Lord, the hope of their fathers.
Go in flight out of Babylon, go out of the land of the Chaldaeans, and be like he-goats before the flocks.
For see, I am moving and sending up against Babylon a band of great nations from the north country: and they will put their armies in position against her; and from there she will be taken: their arrows will be like those of an expert man of war; not one will come back without getting its mark.
And the wealth of Chaldaea will come into the hands of her attackers: all those who take her wealth will have enough, says the Lord.
Because you are glad, because you are lifted up with pride, you wasters of my heritage, because you are playing like a young cow put out to grass, and you make a noise like strong horses;
Your mother will be put to shame; she who gave you birth will be looked down on: see, she will be the last of the nations, a waste place, a dry and unwatered land.
Because of the wrath of the Lord no one will be living in it, and it will be quite unpeopled: everyone who goes by Babylon will be overcome with wonder, and make sounds of fear at all her punishments.
Put your armies in position against Babylon on every side, all you bowmen; let loose your arrows at her, not keeping any back: for she has done evil against the Lord.
Give a loud cry against her on every side; she has given herself up, her supports are overturned, her walls are broken down: for it is the payment taken by the Lord; give her payment; as she has done, so do to her.
Let the planter of seed be cut off from Babylon, and everyone using the curved blade at the time of the grain-cutting: for fear of the cruel sword, everyone will be turned to his people, everyone will go in flight to his land.
Israel is a wandering sheep; the lions have been driving him away: first he was attacked by the king of Assyria, and now his bones have been broken by Nebuchadrezzar, king of Babylon.
So this is what the Lord of armies, the God of Israel, has said: See, I will send punishment on the king of Babylon and on his land, as I have given punishment to the king of Assyria.
And I will make Israel come back to his resting-place, and he will get his food on Carmel and Bashan, and have his desire in full measure on the hills of Ephraim and in Gilead.
In those days and in that time, says the Lord, when the evil-doing of Israel is looked for, there will be nothing; and in Judah no sins will be seen: for I will have forgiveness for those whom I will keep safe.
Go up against the land of Merathaim, even against it, and against the people of Pekod; put them to death and send destruction after them, says the Lord, and do everything I have given you orders to do.
There is a sound of war in the land and of great destruction.
How is the hammer of all the earth cut in two and broken! how has Babylon become a waste among the nations!
I have put a net for you, and you have been taken, O Babylon, without your knowledge: you have been uncovered and taken because you were fighting against the Lord.
From his store-house the Lord has taken the instruments of his wrath: for the Lord, the Lord of armies, has a work to do in the land of the Chaldaeans.
Come up against her one and all, let her store-houses be broken open: make her into a mass of stones, give her to the curse, till there is nothing of her to be seen.
Put all her oxen to the sword; let them go down to death: sorrow is theirs, for their day has come, the time of their punishment.
The voice of those who are in flight, who have got away safe from the land of Babylon, to give news in Zion of punishment from the Lord our God, even payment for his Temple.
Send for the archers to come together against Babylon, all the bowmen; put up your tents against her on every side; let no one get away: give her the reward of her work; as she has done, so do to her: for she has been uplifted in pride against the Lord, against the Holy One of Israel.
For this cause her young men will be falling in her streets, and all her men of war will be cut off in that day, says the Lord.
See, I am against you, O pride, says the Lord, the Lord of armies, for your day has come, the time when I will send punishment on you.
And pride will go with uncertain steps and have a fall, and there will be no one to come to his help: and I will put a fire in his towns, burning up everything round about him.
This is what the Lord of armies has said: The children of Israel and the children of Judah are crushed down together: all those who took them prisoner keep them in a tight grip; they will not let them go.
Their saviour is strong; the Lord of armies is his name: he will certainly take up their cause, so that he may give rest to the earth and trouble to the people of Babylon.
A sword is on the Chaldaeans, says the Lord, and on the people of Babylon, and on her rulers and on her wise men.
A sword is on the men of pride, and they will become foolish: a sword is on her men of war, and they will be broken.
A sword is on all the mixed people in her, and they will become like women: a sword is on her store-houses, and they will be taken by her attackers.
A sword is on her waters, drying them up; for it is a land of images, and their minds are fixed on false gods.
For this reason the beasts of the waste land with the wolves will make their holes there and the ostriches will be living in it: never again will men be living there, it will be unpeopled from generation to generation.
As when Sodom and Gomorrah and their neighbouring towns were overturned by God, says the Lord, so no man will be living in it, and no son of man will have a resting-place there.
See, a people is coming from the north; a great nation and a number of kings will be put in motion from the inmost parts of the earth.
Bows and spears are in their hands; they are cruel and have no mercy; their voice is like the thunder of the sea, and they go on horses; everyone in his place like men going to the fight, against you, O daughter of Babylon.
The king of Babylon has had news of them, and his hands have become feeble: trouble has come on him and pain like the pain of a woman in childbirth.
See, he will come up like a lion from the thick growth of Jordan against the resting-place of Teman: but I will suddenly make them go in flight from her; and I will put over her the man of my selection: for who is like me? and who will put forward his cause against me? and what keeper of sheep will keep his place before me?
So give ear to the decision of the Lord which he has made against Babylon, and to his purposes designed against the land of the Chaldaeans; Truly, they will be pulled away by the smallest of the flock; truly, he will make waste their fields with them.
At the cry, Babylon is taken! the earth is shaking, and the cry comes to the ears of the nations.
Then the Lord said to Joshua, Have no fear and do not be troubled: take with you all the fighting-men and go up against Ai: for I have given into your hands the king of Ai and his people and his town and his land:
And you are to do to Ai and its king as you did to Jericho and its king: but their goods and their cattle you may take for yourselves: let a secret force be stationed to make a surprise attack on the town from the back.
So Joshua and the fighting-men got ready to go up against Ai; and Joshua took thirty thousand men of war, and sent them out by night.
And he gave them their orders, saying, Go and take up your position secretly at the back of the town: do not go very far away, and let all of you be ready:
And I and all the people with me will come near the town, and when they come out against us as they did before, we will go in flight from them;
And they will come out after us, till we have got them away from the town; for they will say, They have gone in flight from us as before; so we will go in flight before them;
Then you will get up from your secret position and take the town, for the Lord your God will give it up into your hands.
And when you have taken the town, put fire to it, as the Lord has said: see, I have given you your orders.
So Joshua sent them out: and they took up a secret position between Beth-el and Ai, on the west side of Ai: but Joshua kept with the people that night.
And early in the morning Joshua got up, and put the people in order, and he and the chiefs of Israel went up before the people to Ai.
And all the fighting-men who were with him went up and came near the town, and took up a position on the north side of Ai facing the town, with a valley between him and the town.
And taking about five thousand men, he put them in position for a surprise attack on the west side of Ai, between Beth-el and Ai.
So all the people were in their places, the army on the north side of the town and the secret force on the west; and that night Joshua went down into the valley.
Now when the king of Ai saw it, he got up quickly and went out to war against Israel, he and all his people, to the slope going down to the valley; but he had no idea that a secret force was waiting at the back of the town.
Then Joshua and all Israel, acting as if they were overcome before them, went in flight by way of the waste land.
And all the people in Ai came together to go after them; and they went after Joshua, moving away from the town.
There was not a man in Ai and Beth-el who did not go out after Israel; and the town was open and unwatched while they went after Israel.
And the Lord said to Joshua, Let your spear be stretched out against Ai; for I will give it into your hands. So Joshua took up his spear, stretching it out in the direction of the town.
Then the secret force came quickly from their place, and running forward when they saw his hand stretched out, went into the town and took it, and put fire to it straight away.
Then the men of Ai, looking back, saw the smoke of the town going up to heaven, and were unable to go this way or that: and the people who had gone in flight to the waste land were turned back on those who were coming after them.
And when Joshua and all Israel saw that the town had been taken by the surprise attack, and that the smoke of the town had gone up, turning round they overcame the men of Ai.
Then the other force came out of the town against them, so that they were being attacked on this side and on that: and Israel overcame them and let not one of them get away with his life.
But the king of Ai they made prisoner, and took him to Joshua.
Then, after the destruction of all the people of Ai in the field and in the waste land where they went after them, and when all the people had been put to death without mercy, all Israel went back to Ai, and put to death all who were in it without mercy.
On that day twelve thousand were put to death, men and women, all the people of Ai.
For Joshua did not take back his hand with the outstretched spear till the destruction of the people of Ai was complete.
But the cattle and the goods from that town, Israel took for themselves, as the Lord had given orders to Joshua.
So Joshua gave Ai to the flames, and made it a waste mass of stones for ever, as it is to this day.
And he put the king of Ai to death, hanging him on a tree till evening: and when the sun went down, Joshua gave them orders to take his body down from the tree, and put it in the public place of the town, covering it with a great mass of stones, which is there to this day.
Then Joshua put up an altar to the Lord, the God of Israel, in Mount Ebal,
In the way ordered by Moses, the servant of the Lord, as it is recorded in the book of the law of Moses, an altar of uncut stones, untouched by any iron instrument: and on it they made burned offerings and peace-offerings to the Lord.
And he made there on the stones a copy of the law of Moses, writing it before the eyes of the children of Israel.
And all Israel, those who were Israelites by birth, as well as the men from other lands living with them, and their responsible men and their overseers and judges, took their places round the ark, in front of the priests, the Levites, whose work it was to take up the ark of the Lord's agreement; half of them were stationed in front of Mount Gerizim and half in front of Mount Ebal, in agreement with the orders for the blessing of the children of Israel which Moses, the servant of the Lord, had given.
And after, he gave them all the words of the law, the blessing and the curse, as it is all recorded in the book of the law;
Reading to all the meeting of Israel, with the women and the children and the men from other lands who were living among them, every word of the orders which Moses had given.
But Saul, still burning with desire to put to death the disciples of the Lord, went to the high priest,
And made a request for letters from him to the Synagogues of Damascus, so that if there were any of the Way there, men or women, he might take them as prisoners to Jerusalem.
And while he was journeying, he came near Damascus; and suddenly he saw a light from heaven shining round him;
And he went down on the earth, and a voice said to him, Saul, Saul, why are you attacking me so cruelly?
And he said, Who are you, Lord? And he said, I am Jesus, whom you are attacking:
But get up, and go into the town, and it will be made clear to you what you have to do.
And the men who were with him were not able to say anything; hearing the voice, but seeing no one.
And Saul got up from the earth, and when his eyes were open, he saw nothing; and he was guided by the hand into Damascus.
And for three days he was not able to see, and he took no food or drink.
Now there was a certain disciple at Damascus, named Ananias; and the Lord said to him in a vision, Ananias! and he said, Here I am, Lord.
And the Lord said to him, Get up, and go to the street which is named Straight, and make search at the house of Judas for one named Saul of Tarsus: for he is at prayer;
And he has seen a man named Ananias coming in and putting his hands on him, so that he may be able to see.
But Ananias said, Lord, I have had accounts of this man from a number of people, how much evil he has done to your saints at Jerusalem:
And here he has authority from the chief priests to make prisoners all who give worship to your name.
But the Lord said, Go without fear: for he is a special vessel for me, to give to the Gentiles and kings and to the children of Israel the knowledge of my name:
For I will make clear to him what troubles he will have to undergo for me.
And Ananias went out and came to the house, and putting his hands on him, said, Brother Saul, the Lord Jesus, whom you saw when you were on your journey, has sent me, so that you may be able to see, and be full of the Holy Spirit.
And straight away it seemed as if a veil was taken from his eyes, and he was able to see; and he got up, and had baptism;
And when he had taken food his strength came back. And for some days he kept with the disciples who were in Damascus.
And straight away, in the Synagogues, he was preaching Jesus as the Son of God.
And all those hearing him were full of wonder and said, Is not this the man who in Jerusalem was attacking all the worshippers of this name? and he had come here so that he might take them as prisoners before the chief priests.
But Saul went on increasing in power, and the Jews in Damascus were not able to give answers to the arguments by which he made it clear that Jesus was the Christ.
Then, after some days, the Jews made an agreement together to put him to death:
But Saul got knowledge of their design. And they kept watch day and night on the roads out of the town, so that they might put him to death:
But his disciples took him by night and let him down from the wall in a basket.
And when he came to Jerusalem, he made an attempt to be joined to the disciples, but they were all in fear of him, not taking him for a disciple.
But Barnabas took him to the Apostles and gave them an account of how he had seen the Lord on the road, and had given hearing to his words, and how at Damascus he had been preaching in the name of Jesus without fear.
And he was with them, going in and out at Jerusalem,
Preaching in the name of the Lord without fear; and he had discussions with the Greek Jews; but they were working for his death.
And when the brothers had knowledge of it, they took him to Caesarea and sent him to Tarsus.
And so the church through all Judaea and Galilee and Samaria had peace and was made strong; and, living in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Spirit, was increased greatly.
And it came about that while Peter was going through all parts of the country he came to the saints who were living at Lydda.
And there was a certain man there, named Aeneas, who for eight years had been in bed, without power of moving.
And Peter said to him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ makes you well: get up and make your bed. And straight away he got up.
And all those living in Lydda and Sharon saw him, and were turned to the Lord.
Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, that is, Dorcas: this woman was given to good works and acts of mercy at all times.
And it came about, in those days, that she got ill and came to her death: and when she had been washed, they put her in a room which was high up.
And because Lydda was near Joppa, the disciples, having knowledge that Peter was there, sent two men to him, requesting him to come to them straight away.
And Peter went with them. And when he had come, they took him into the room: and all the widows were there, weeping and putting before him the coats and clothing which Dorcas had made while she was with them.
But Peter made them all go outside, and went down on his knees in prayer; and turning to the body, he said, Tabitha, get up. And, opening her eyes, she saw Peter and got up.
And he took her hand, lifting her up; and, sending for the saints and widows, he gave her to them, living.
And news of it went all through Joppa, and a number of people had faith in the Lord.
And he was living in Joppa for some time with Simon, a leather-worker.
For in those days and in that time, when I let the fate of Judah and Jerusalem be changed,
I will get together all the nations, and make them come down into the valley of Jehoshaphat; and there I will take up with them the cause of my people and of my heritage Israel, whom they have sent wandering among the nations, and of my land which has been parted by them.
And they have put the fate of my people to the decision of chance: giving a boy for the price of a loose woman and a girl for a drink of wine.
And further, what are you to me, O Tyre and Zidon and all the circle of Philistia? will you give me back any payment? and if you do, quickly and suddenly I will send it back on your head,
For you have taken my silver and my gold, putting in the houses of your gods my beautiful and pleasing things.
And the children of Judah and the children of Jerusalem you have given for a price to the sons of the Greeks, to send them far away from their land:
See, I will have them moved from the place where you have sent them, and will let what you have done come back on your head;
I will give your sons and your daughters into the hands of the children of Judah for a price, and they will give them for a price to the men of Sheba, a nation far off: for the Lord has said it.
Give this out among the nations; make ready for war: get the strong men awake; let all the men of war come near, let them come up.
Get your plough-blades hammered into swords, and your vine-knives into spears: let the feeble say, I am strong.
Come quickly, all you nations round about, and get yourselves together there: make your strong ones come down, O Lord.
Let the nations be awake, and come to the valley of Jehoshaphat: for there I will be seated as judge of all the nations round about.
Put in the blade, for the grain is ready: come, get you down, for the wine-crusher is full, the vessels are overflowing; for great is their evil-doing.
Masses on masses in the valley of decision! for the day of the Lord is near in the valley of decision.
The sun and the moon have become dark, and the stars keep back their shining.
And the Lord will be thundering from Zion, and his voice will be sounding from Jerusalem; and the heavens and the earth will be shaking: but the Lord will be a breastplate for his people and a strong place for the children of Israel.
And you will be certain that I am the Lord your God, living in Zion, my holy mountain: and Jerusalem will be holy, and no strange person will ever again go through her.
And it will come about in that day that the mountains will be dropping sweet wine, and the hills will be flowing with milk, and all the streams of Judah will be flowing with water; and a fountain will come out from the house of the Lord, watering the valley of acacia-trees.
Egypt will be a waste and Edom a land of destruction, because of the evil done to the children of Judah, because they have let blood be drained out in their land without cause.
But Judah will be peopled for ever, and Jerusalem from generation to generation.
And I will send punishment for their blood, for which punishment has not been sent, for the Lord is living in Zion.
And when he came into Capernaum again after some days, the news went about that he was in the house.
And a great number had come together, so that there was no longer room for them, no, not even about the door: and he gave them teaching.
And four men came to him with one on a bed who had no power of moving.
And when they were unable to get near him because of all the people, they got the roof uncovered where he was: and when it was broken up, they let down the bed on which the man was.
And Jesus, seeing their faith, said to him, Son, you have forgiveness for your sins.
But there were certain of the scribes seated there, and reasoning in their hearts,
Why does this man say such things? he has no respect for God: from whom does forgiveness come but from God only?
And Jesus, having knowledge in his spirit of their thoughts, said to them, Why are you reasoning about these things in your hearts?
Which is the simpler, to say to a man who is ill, You have forgiveness for your sins, or, Get up, take up your bed, and go?
But so that you may see that the Son of man has authority for the forgiveness of sins on earth, (he said to the man,)
I say to you, Get up, take up your bed, and go to your house.
And he got up, and straight away took up the bed and went out before them all, so that they were all full of wonder, and gave glory to God, saying, We have never seen anything like this.
And he went out again by the seaside; and all the people came to him, and he gave them teaching.
And when he went by, he saw Levi, the son of Alphaeus, seated at the place where taxes were taken, and he said to him, Come with me. And he got up, and went with him.
And it came about that he was seated at meat in his house, and a number of tax-farmers and sinners were at table with Jesus and his disciples: for there were a great number of them, and they came after him.
And the scribes of the Pharisees, when they saw that he was taking food with the tax-farmers and sinners, said to his disciples, Why does he take food and drink with such men?
And Jesus, hearing it, said to them, Those who are well have no need of a medical man, but those who are ill: I have come not to get the upright but sinners.
And John's disciples and the Pharisees were taking no food: and they came and said to him, Why do John's disciples and the disciples of the Pharisees go without food, but your disciples do not?
And Jesus said to them, Will the friends of a newly-married man go without food while he is with them? as long as they have him with them they will not go without food.
But the days will come when the husband will be taken away from them, and then they will go without food.
No man puts a bit of new cloth on an old coat: or the new, by pulling away from the old, makes a worse hole.
And no man puts new wine into old wine-skins: or the skins will be burst by the wine, and the wine and the skins will be wasted: but new wine has to be put into new wine-skins.
And it came about that on the Sabbath day he was going through the grain-fields; and while they were walking, his disciples took the heads of grain.
And the Pharisees said to him, Why are they doing what it is not right to do on the Sabbath?
And he said to them, Have you no knowledge of what David did, when he had need and was without food, he, and those who were with him?
How he went into the house of God when Abiathar was high priest, and took for food the holy bread, which only the priests may take, and gave it to those who were with him?
And he said to them, The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath;
So that the Son of man is lord even of the Sabbath.
And it came about that when he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees on the Sabbath, to have a meal, they were watching him.
And a certain man was there who had a disease.
And Jesus, answering, said to the scribes and Pharisees, Is it right to make people well on the Sabbath or not?
But they said nothing. And he made him well and sent him away.
And he said to them, Which of you, whose ox or ass has got into a water-hole, will not straight away get him out on the Sabbath?
And they had no answer to that question.
And he gave teaching in the form of a story to the guests who came to the feast, when he saw how they took the best seats; saying to them,
When you get a request to come to a feast, do not take the best seat, for a more important man than you may be coming,
And then the giver of the feast will come to you and say, Give your place to this man; and you, with shame, will have to take the lowest seat.
But when you come, go and take the lowest seat, so that when the giver of the feast comes, he may say to you, Friend, come up higher; and then you will have honour in the eyes of all the others who are there.
For every man who gives himself a high place will be put down, but he who takes a low place will be lifted up.
And he said to the master of the house, When you give a feast, do not send for your friends and your brothers and your family or your neighbours who have wealth, for they may give a feast for you, and so you will get a reward.
But when you give a feast, send for the poor and the blind and those who are broken in body:
And you will have a blessing, because they will not be able to give you any payment, and you will get your reward when the upright come back from the dead.
And, hearing these words, one of those who were at table with him said to him, Happy is the man who will be a guest in the kingdom of God.
And he said to them, A certain man gave a great feast, and sent word of it to a number of people.
And when the time had come, he sent his servants to say to them, Come, for all things are now ready.
And they all gave reasons why they were not able to come. The first said to him, I have got a new field, and it is necessary for me to go and see it: I am full of regret that I am unable to come.
And another said, I have got some cattle, and I am going to make a test of them: I am full of regret that I am unable to come.
And another said, I have been married, and so I am not able to come.
And the servant came back and gave his master an account of these things. Then the master of the house was angry and said to the servant, Go out quickly into the streets of the town and get the poor, the blind, and those who are broken in body.
And the servant said, Lord, your orders have been done, and still there is room.
And the lord said to the servant, Go out into the roads and the fields, and make them come in, so that my house may be full.
For I say to you that not one of those who were requested to come will have a taste of my feast.
Now a great number of people went with him.
And turning round, he said to them, If any man comes to me, and has not hate for his father and mother and wife and children and brothers and sisters, and even for his life, he may not be my disciple.
Whoever does not take up his cross and come after me may not be my disciple.
For which of you, desiring to put up a tower, does not first give much thought to the price, if he will have enough to make it complete?
For fear that if he makes a start and is not able to go on with it to the end, all who see it will be laughing at him,
And saying, This man made a start at building and is not able to make it complete.
Or what king, going to war with another king, will not first take thought if he will be strong enough, with ten thousand men, to keep off him who comes against him with twenty thousand?
Or while the other is still a great distance away, he sends representatives requesting conditions of peace.
And so whoever is not ready to give up all he has may not be my disciple.
For salt is good, but if the taste goes from it, of what use is it?
It is no good for the land or for the place of waste; no one has a use for it. He who has ears, let him give ear.
And God said to Jacob, Go up now to Beth-el and make your living-place there: and put up an altar there to the God who came to you when you were in flight from your brother Esau.
Then Jacob said to all his people, Put away the strange gods which are among you, and make yourselves clean, and put on a change of clothing:
And let us go up to Beth-el: and there I will make an altar to God, who gave me an answer in the day of my trouble, and was with me wherever I went.
Then they gave to Jacob all the strange gods which they had, and the rings which were in their ears; and Jacob put them away under the holy tree at Shechem.
So they went on their journey: and the fear of God was on the towns round about, so that they made no attack on the sons of Jacob.
And Jacob came to Luz in the land of Canaan (which is the same as Beth-el), he and all his people.
And there he made an altar, naming the place El-beth-el: because it was there he had the vision of God when he was in flight from his brother.
And Deborah, the servant who had taken care of Rebekah from her birth, came to her end, and was put to rest near Beth-el, under the holy tree: and they gave it the name of Allon-bacuth.
Now when Jacob was on his way from Paddan-aram, God came to him again and, blessing him, said,
Jacob is your name, but it will be so no longer; from now your name will be Israel; so he was named Israel.
And God said to him, I am God, the Ruler of all: be fertile, and have increase; a nation, truly a group of nations, will come from you, and kings will be your offspring;
And the land which I gave to Abraham and Isaac, I will give to you; and to your seed after you I will give the land.
Then God went up from him in the place where he had been talking with him.
And Jacob put up a pillar in the place where he had been talking with God, and put a drink offering on it, and oil.
And he gave to the place where God had been talking with him, the name of Beth-el.
So they went on from Beth-el; and while they were still some distance from Ephrath, the pains of birth came on Rachel and she had a hard time.
And when her pain was very great, the woman who was helping her said, Have no fear; for now you will have another son.
And in the hour when her life went from her (for death came to her), she gave the child the name Ben-oni: but his father gave him the name of Benjamin.
So Rachel came to her end and was put to rest on the road to Ephrath (which is Beth-lehem).
And Jacob put up a pillar on her resting-place; which is named, The Pillar of the resting-place of Rachel, to this day.
And Israel went journeying on and put up his tents on the other side of the tower of the flock.
Now while they were living in that country, Reuben had connection with Bilhah, his father's servant-woman: and Israel had news of it.
Now Jacob had twelve sons: the sons of Leah: Reuben, Jacob's first son, and Simeon and Levi and Judah and Issachar and Zebulun;
The sons of Rachel: Joseph and Benjamin;
The sons of Bilhah, Rachel's servant: Dan and Naphtali;
The sons of Zilpah, Leah's servant: Gad and Asher; these are the sons whom Jacob had in Paddan-aram.
And Jacob came to his father Isaac at Mamre, at Kiriath-arba, that is, Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac had been living.
And Isaac was a hundred and eighty years old.
Then Isaac came to his end and was put to rest with his father's people, an old man after a long life: and Jacob and Esau, his sons, put him in his last resting-place.
And the word of the Lord came to me, saying,
Son of man, make clear to Jerusalem her disgusting ways,
And say, This is what the Lord has said to Jerusalem: Your start and your birth was from the land of the Canaanite; an Amorite was your father and your mother was a Hittite.
As for your birth, on the day of your birth your cord was not cut and you were not washed in water to make you clean; you were not salted or folded in linen bands.
No eye had pity on you to do any of these things to you or to be kind to you; but you were put out into the open country, because your life was hated at the time of your birth.
And when I went past you and saw you stretched out in your blood, I said to you, Though you are stretched out in your blood, have life;
And be increased in number like the buds of the field; and you were increased and became great, and you came to the time of love: your breasts were formed and your hair was long; but you were uncovered and without clothing.
Now when I went past you, looking at you, I saw that your time was the time of love; and I put my skirts over you, covering your unclothed body: and I gave you my oath and made an agreement with you, says the Lord, and you became mine.
Then I had you washed with water, washing away all your blood and rubbing you with oil.
And I had you clothed with needlework, and put leather shoes on your feet, folding fair linen about you and covering you with silk.
And I made you fair with ornaments and put jewels on your hands and a chain on your neck.
And I put a ring in your nose and ear-rings in your ears and a beautiful crown on your head.
So you were made beautiful with gold and silver; and your clothing was of the best linen and silk and needlework; your food was the best meal and honey and oil: and you were very beautiful.
You were so beautiful that the story of you went out into all nations; you were completely beautiful because of my glory which I had put on you, says the Lord.
But you put your faith in the fact that you were beautiful, acting like a loose woman because you were widely talked of, and offering your cheap love to everyone who went by, whoever it might be.
And you took your robes and made high places for yourself ornamented with every colour, acting like a loose woman on them, without shame or fear.
And you took the fair jewels, my silver and gold which I had given to you, and made for yourself male images, acting like a loose woman with them;
And you took your robes of needlework for their clothing, and put my oil and my perfume before them.
And my bread which I gave you, the best meal and oil and honey which I gave you for your food, you put it before them for a sweet smell, says the Lord.
And you took your sons and your daughters whom I had by you, offering even these to them to be their food. Was your loose behaviour so small a thing,
That you put my children to death and gave them up to go through the fire to them?
And in all your disgusting and false behaviour you had no memory of your early days, when you were uncovered and without clothing, stretched out in your blood.
And it came about, after all your evil-doing, says the Lord,
That you made for yourself an arched room in every open place.
You put up your high places at the top of every street, and made the grace of your form a disgusting thing, opening your feet to everyone who went by, increasing your loose ways.
And you went with the Egyptians, your neighbours, great of flesh; increasing your loose ways, moving me to wrath.
Now, then, my hand is stretched out against you, cutting down your fixed amount, and I have given you up to the desire of your haters, the daughters of the Philistines who are shamed by your loose ways.
And you went with the Assyrians, because of your desire which was without measure; you were acting like a loose woman with them, and still you had not enough.
And you went on in your loose ways, even as far as the land of Chaldaea, and still you had not enough.
How feeble is your heart, says the Lord, seeing that you do all these things, the work of a loose and overruling woman;
For you have made your arched room at the top of every street, and your high place in every open place; though you were not like a loose woman in getting together your payment.
The untrue wife who takes strange lovers in place of her husband!
They give payment to all loose women: but you give rewards to your lovers, offering them payment so that they may come to you on every side for your cheap love.
And in your loose behaviour you are different from other women, for no one goes after you to make love to you: and because you give payment and no payment is given to you, in this you are different from them.
For this cause, O loose woman, give ear to the voice of the Lord:
This is what the Lord has said: Because your unclean behaviour was let loose and your body uncovered in your loose ways with your lovers and with your disgusting images, and for the blood of your children which you gave to them;
For this cause I will get together all your lovers with whom you have taken your pleasure, and all those to whom you have given your love, with all those who were hated by you; I will even make them come together against you on every side, and I will have you uncovered before them so that they may see your shame.
And you will be judged by me as women are judged who have been untrue to their husbands and have taken life; and I will let loose against you passion and bitter feeling.
I will give you into their hands, and your arched room will be overturned and your high places broken down; they will take your clothing off you and take away your fair jewels: and when they have done, you will be uncovered and shamed.
And they will get together a meeting against you, stoning you with stones and wounding you with their swords.
And they will have you burned with fire, sending punishments on you before the eyes of great numbers of women; and I will put an end to your loose ways, and you will no longer give payment.
And the heat of my wrath against you will have an end, and my bitter feeling will be turned away from you, and I will be quiet and will be angry no longer.
Because you have not kept in mind the days when you were young, but have been troubling me with all these things; for this reason I will make the punishment of your ways come on your head, says the Lord, because you have done this evil thing in addition to all your disgusting acts.
See, in every common saying about you it will be said, As the mother is, so is her daughter.
You are the daughter of your mother whose soul is turned in disgust from her husband and her children; and you are the sister of your sisters who were turned in disgust from their husbands and their children: your mother was a Hittite and your father an Amorite.
Your older sister is Samaria, living at your left hand, she and her daughters: and your younger sister, living at your right hand, is Sodom and her daughters.
Still you have not gone in their ways or done the disgusting things which they have done; but, as if that was only a little thing, you have gone deeper in evil than they in all your ways.
By my life, says the Lord, Sodom your sister never did, she or her daughters, what you and your daughters have done.
Truly, this was the sin of your sister Sodom: pride, a full measure of food, and the comforts of wealth in peace, were seen in her and her daughters, and she gave no help to the poor or to those in need.
They were full of pride and did what was disgusting to me: and so I took them away as you have seen.
And Samaria has not done half your sins; but you have made the number of your disgusting acts greater than theirs, making your sisters seem more upright than you by all the disgusting things which you have done.
And you yourself will be put to shame, in that you have given the decision for your sisters; through your sins, which are more disgusting than theirs, they are more upright than you: truly, you will be shamed and made low, for you have made your sisters seem upright.
And I will let their fate be changed, the fate of Sodom and her daughters, and the fate of Samaria and her daughters, and your fate with theirs.
So that you will be shamed and made low because of all you have done, when I have mercy on you.
And your sisters, Sodom and her daughters, will go back to their first condition, and Samaria and her daughters will go back to their first condition, and you and your daughters will go back to your first condition.
Was not your sister Sodom an oath in your mouth in the day of your pride,
Before your shame was uncovered? Now you have become like her a word of shame to the daughters of Edom and all who are round about you, the daughters of the Philistines who put shame on you round about.
The reward of your evil designs and your disgusting ways has come on you, says the Lord.
For this is what the Lord has said: I will do to you as you have done, you who, putting the oath on one side, have let the agreement be broken.
But still I will keep in mind the agreement made with you in the days when you were young, and I will make with you an eternal agreement.
Then at the memory of your ways you will be overcome with shame, when I take your sisters, the older and the younger, and give them to you for daughters, but not by your agreement.
And I will make my agreement with you; and you will be certain that I am the Lord:
So that, at the memory of these things, you may be at a loss, never opening your mouth because of your shame; when you have my forgiveness for all you have done, says the Lord.
A good name is more to be desired than great wealth, and to be respected is better than silver and gold.
The man of wealth and the poor man come face to face: the Lord is the maker of them all.
The sharp man sees the evil and takes cover: the simple go straight on and get into trouble.
The reward of a gentle spirit and the fear of the Lord is wealth and honour and life.
Thorns and nets are in the way of the twisted: he who keeps watch over his soul will be far from them.
If a child is trained up in the right way, even when he is old he will not be turned away from it.
The man of wealth has rule over the poor, and he who gets into debt is a servant to his creditor.
By planting the seed of evil a man will get in the grain of sorrow, and the rod of his wrath will be broken.
He who is kind will have a blessing, for he gives of his bread to the poor.
Send away the man of pride, and argument will go out; truly fighting and shame will come to an end.
He whose heart is clean is dear to the Lord; for the grace of his lips the king will be his friend.
The eyes of the Lord keep knowledge, but by him the acts of the false man will be overturned.
The hater of work says, There is a lion outside: I will be put to death in the streets.
The mouth of strange women is a deep hole: he with whom the Lord is angry will go down into it.
Foolish ways are deep-seated in the heart of a child, but the rod of punishment will send them far from him.
He who is cruel to the poor for the purpose of increasing his profit, and he who gives to the man of wealth, will only come to be in need.
Let your ear be bent down for hearing my words, and let your heart give thought to knowledge.
For it is a delight to keep them in your heart, to have them ready on your lips.
So that your faith may be in the Lord, I have made them clear to you this day, even to you.
Have I not put in writing for you thirty sayings, with wise suggestions and knowledge,
To make you see how certain are true words, so that you may give a true answer to those who put questions to you?
Do not take away the property of the poor man because he is poor, or be cruel to the crushed ones when they come before the judge:
For the Lord will give support to their cause, and take the life of those who take their goods.
Do not be friends with a man who is given to wrath; do not go in the company of an angry man:
For fear of learning his ways and making a net ready for your soul.
Be not one of those who give their hands in an agreement, or of those who make themselves responsible for debts:
If you have nothing with which to make payment, he will take away your bed from under you.
Let not the old landmark be moved which your fathers have put in place.
Have you seen a man who is expert in his business? he will take his place before kings; his place will not be among low persons.
When Israel was a child he was dear to me; and I took my son out of Egypt.
When I sent for them, then they went away from me; they made offerings to the Baals, burning perfumes to images.
But I was guiding Ephraim's footsteps; I took them up in my arms, but they were not conscious that I was ready to make them well.
I made them come after me with the cords of a man, with the bands of love; I was to them as one who took the yoke from off their mouths, putting meat before them.
He will go back to the land of Egypt and the Assyrian will be his king, because they would not come back to me.
And the sword will go through his towns, wasting his children and causing destruction because of their evil designs.
My people are given up to sinning against me; though their voice goes up on high, no one will be lifting them up.
How may I give you up, O Ephraim? how may I be your saviour, O Israel? how may I make you like Admah? how may I do to you as I did to Zeboim? My heart is turned in me, it is soft with pity.
I will not put into effect the heat of my wrath; I will not again send destruction on Ephraim; for I am God and not man, the Holy One among you; I will not put an end to you.
They will go after the Lord; his cry will be like that of a lion; his cry will be loud, and the children will come from the west, shaking with fear;
Shaking with fear like a bird, they will come out of Egypt, like a dove out of the land of Assyria: and I will give them rest in their houses, says the Lord.
The deceit of Ephraim and the false words of Israel are about me on every side. ...
If, in the land which the Lord your God is giving you, you come across the dead body of a man in the open country, and you have no idea who has put him to death:
Then your responsible men and your judges are to come out, and give orders for the distance from the dead body to the towns round about it to be measured;
And whichever town is nearest to the body, the responsible men of that town are to take from the herd a young cow which has never been used for work or put under the yoke;
And they are to take the cow into a valley where there is flowing water, and which is not ploughed or planted, and there the neck of the cow is to be broken:
Then the priests, the sons of Levi, are to come near; for they have been marked out by the Lord your God to be his servants and to give blessings in the name of the Lord; and by their decision every argument and every blow is to be judged:
And all the responsible men of that town which is nearest to the dead man, washing their hands over the cow whose neck was broken in the valley,
Will say, This death is not the work of our hands and our eyes have not seen it.
Have mercy, O Lord, on your people Israel whom you have made free, and take away from your people the crime of a death without cause. Then they will no longer be responsible for the man's death.
So you will take away the crime of a death without cause from among you, when you do what is right in the eyes of the Lord.
When you go out to war against other nations, and the Lord your God gives them up into your hands and you take them as prisoners;
If among the prisoners you see a beautiful woman and it is your desire to make her your wife;
Then take her back to your house; and let her hair and her nails be cut;
And let her take off the dress in which she was made prisoner and go on living in your house and weeping for her father and mother for a full month: and after that you may go in to her and be her husband and she will be your wife.
But if you have no delight in her, you are to let her go wherever she will; you may not take a price for her as if she was your property, for you have made use of her for your pleasure.
If a man has two wives, one greatly loved and the other hated, and the two of them have had children by him; and if the first son is the child of the hated wife:
Then when he gives his property to his sons for their heritage, he is not to put the son of his loved one in the place of the first son, the son of the hated wife:
But he is to give his first son his birthright, and twice as great a part of his property: for he is the first-fruits of his strength and the right of the first son is his.
If a man has a son who is hard-hearted and uncontrolled, who gives no attention to the voice of his father and mother, and will not be ruled by them, though they give him punishment:
Then let his father and mother take him to the responsible men of the town, to the public place;
And say to them, This son of ours is hard-hearted and uncontrolled, he will not give attention to us; he gives himself up to pleasure and strong drink.
Then he is to be stoned to death by all the men of the town: so you are to put away the evil from among you; and all Israel, hearing of it, will be full of fear.
If a man does a crime for which the punishment is death, and he is put to death by hanging him on a tree;
Do not let his body be on the tree all night, but put it to rest in the earth the same day; for the man who undergoes hanging is cursed by God; so do not make unclean the land which the Lord your God is giving you for your heritage.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he became king; he was king for eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
And he did evil in the eyes of the Lord, as Jehoiakim had done.
And because of the wrath of the Lord this came about in Jerusalem and Judah, till he had sent them away from before him: and Zedekiah took up arms against the king of Babylon.
And in the ninth year of his rule, on the tenth day of the tenth month, Nebuchadrezzar, king of Babylon, came against Jerusalem with all his army and took up his position before it, building earthworks all round it.
So the town was shut in by their forces till the eleventh year of King Zedekiah.
In the fourth month, on the ninth day of the month, the store of food in the town was almost gone, so that there was no food for the people of the land.
Then an opening was made in the wall of the town, and all the men of war went in flight out of the town by night through the doorway between the two walls which was by the king's garden; (now the Chaldaeans were stationed round the town:) and they went by the way of the Arabah.
And the Chaldaean army went after King Zedekiah and overtook him on the other side of Jericho, and all his army went in flight from him in every direction.
Then they made the king a prisoner and took him up to the king of Babylon to Riblah in the land of Hamath to be judged.
And the king of Babylon put the sons of Zedekiah to death before his eyes: and he put to death all the rulers of Judah in Riblah.
And he put out Zedekiah's eyes; and the king of Babylon, chaining him in iron bands, took him to Babylon, and put him in prison till the day of his death.
Now in the fifth month, on the tenth day of the month, in the nineteenth year of King Nebuchadrezzar, king of Babylon, Nebuzaradan, the captain of the armed men, a servant of the king of Babylon, came into Jerusalem.
And he had the house of the Lord and the king's house and all the houses of Jerusalem, even every great house, burned with fire:
And the walls round Jerusalem were broken down by the Chaldaean army which was with the captain.
Then Nebuzaradan, the captain of the armed men, took away as prisoners the rest of the people who were still in the town, and those who had given themselves up to the king of Babylon, and the rest of the workmen.
But Nebuzaradan, the captain of the armed men, let the poorest of the land go on living there, to take care of the vines and the fields.
And the brass pillars which were in the house of the Lord, and the wheeled bases and the great brass water-vessel in the house of the Lord, were broken up by the Chaldaeans, who took all the brass away to Babylon.
And the pots and the spades and the scissors for the lights and the spoons, and all the brass vessels used in the Lord's house, they took away.
And the cups and the fire-trays and the basins and the pots and the supports for the lights and the spoons and the wide basins; the gold of the gold vessels, and the silver of the silver vessels, the captain of the armed men took away.
The two pillars, the great water-vessel, and the twelve brass oxen which were under it, and the ten wheeled bases, which King Solomon had made for the house of the Lord: the brass of all these vessels was without weight.
And as for the pillars, one pillar was eighteen cubits high, and twelve cubits measured all round, and it was as thick as a man's hand: it was hollow.
And there was a crown of brass on it: the crown was five cubits high, circled with a network and apples all of brass; and the second pillar had the same.
There were ninety-six apples on the outside; the number of apples all round the network was a hundred.
And the captain of the armed men took Seraiah, the chief priest, and Zephaniah, the second priest, and the three door-keepers;
And from the town he took the unsexed servant who was over the men of war, and seven of the king's near friends who were in the town, and the scribe of the captain of the army, who was responsible for getting the people of the land together in military order, and sixty men of the people of the land who were in the town.
These Nebuzaradan, the captain of the armed men, took with him to the king of Babylon at Riblah.
And the king of Babylon put them to death at Riblah in the land of Hamath. So Judah was taken prisoner away from his land.
These are the people whom Nebuchadrezzar took away prisoner: in the seventh year, three thousand and twenty-three Jews:
And in the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar he took away as prisoners from Jerusalem eight hundred and thirty-two persons:
In the twenty-third year of Nebuchadrezzar, Nebuzaradan, the captain of the armed men, took away as prisoners seven hundred and forty-five of the Jews: all the persons were four thousand and six hundred.
And in the thirty-seventh year after Jehoiachin, king of Judah, had been taken prisoner, in the twelfth month, on the twenty-fifth day of the month, Evil-merodach, king of Babylon, in the first year after he became king, took Jehoiachin, king of Judah, out of prison.
And he said kind words to him and put his seat higher than the seats of the other kings who were with him in Babylon.
And his prison clothing was changed, and he was a guest at the king's table every day for the rest of his life.
And for his food, the king gave him a regular amount every day till the day of his death, for the rest of his life.
To the chief music-maker; put to the Gittith. Of Asaph. Make a song to God our strength: make a glad cry to the God of Jacob.
Take up the melody, playing on an instrument of music, even on corded instruments.
Let the horn be sounded in the time of the new moon, at the full moon, on our holy feast-day:
For this is a rule for Israel, and a law of the God of Jacob.
He gave it to Joseph as a witness, when he went out over the land of Egypt; then the words of a strange tongue were sounding in my ears.
I took the weight from his back; his hands were made free from the baskets.
You gave a cry in your trouble, and I made you free; I gave you an answer in the secret place of the thunder; I put you to the test at the waters of Meribah. (Selah.)
Give ear, O my people, and I will give you my word, O Israel, if you will only do as I say!
There is to be no strange god among you; you are not to give worship to any other god.
I am the Lord your God, who took you up from the land of Egypt: let your mouth be open wide, so that I may give you food.
But my people did not give ear to my voice; Israel would have nothing to do with me.
So I gave them up to the desires of their hearts; that they might go after their evil purposes.
If only my people would give ear to me, walking in my ways!
I would quickly overcome their haters: my hand would be turned against those who make war on them.
The haters of the Lord would be broken, and their destruction would be eternal.
I would give them the best grain for food; you would be full of honey from the rock.
Take care to keep all the orders which I give you today, so that you may have life and be increased and go in and take as a heritage the land which the Lord, by his oath to your fathers, undertook to give you.
And keep in mind the way by which the Lord your God has taken you through the waste land these forty years, so that he might make low your pride and put you to the test, to see what was in your heart and if you would keep his orders or not.
And he made low your pride and let you be without food and gave you manna for your food, a thing new to you, which your fathers never saw; so that he might make it clear to you that bread is not man's only need, but his life is in every word which comes out of the mouth of the Lord.
Through all these forty years your clothing did not get old or your feet become tired.
Keep in mind this thought, that as a son is trained by his father, so you have been trained by the Lord your God.
Then keep the orders of the Lord your God, fearing him and walking in his ways.
For the Lord your God is guiding you into a good land, a land of water-springs, of fountains, and deep streams flowing out from the valleys and the hills;
A land of grain and vines and fig-trees and fair fruits; a land of oil-giving olive-trees and honey;
Where there will be bread for you in full measure and you will be in need of nothing; a land where the very stones are iron and from whose hills you may get copper.
And you will have food enough and be full, praising the Lord your God for the good land he has given you.
Then take care that you are not turned away from the Lord your God and from keeping his orders and decisions and laws which I give you this day:
And when you have taken food and are full, and have made fair houses for yourselves and are living in them;
And when your herds and your flocks are increased, and your stores of silver and gold, and you have wealth of every sort;
Take care that your hearts are not lifted up in pride, giving no thought to the Lord your God who took you out of the land of Egypt, out of the prison-house;
Who was your guide through that great and cruel waste, where there were poison-snakes and scorpions and a dry land without water; who made water come out of the hard rock for you;
Who gave you manna for your food in the waste land, a food which your fathers had never seen; so that your pride might be broken and your hearts tested for your good in the end;
Say not then, in your hearts, My power and the strength of my hands have got me this wealth.
But keep in mind the Lord your God: for it is he who gives you the power to get wealth, so that he may give effect to the agreement which he made by his oath with your fathers, as at this day.
And it is certain that if at any time you are turned away from the Lord your God, and go after other gods, to be their servants and to give them worship, destruction will overtake you.
Like the nations which the Lord is cutting off before you, so you will be cut off; because you would not give ear to the voice of the Lord your God.
The Lord has said: See, I will make a wind of destruction come up against Babylon and against those who are living in Chaldaea;
And I will send men to Babylon to make her clean and get her land cleared: for in the day of trouble they will put up their tents against her on every side.
Against her the bow of the archer is bent, and he puts on his coat of metal: have no mercy on her young men, give all her army up to the curse.
And the dead will be stretched out in the land of the Chaldaeans, and the wounded in her streets.
For Israel has not been given up, or Judah, by his God, by the Lord of armies; for their land is full of sin against the Holy One of Israel.
Go in flight out of Babylon, so that every man may keep his life; do not be cut off in her evil-doing: for it is the time of the Lord's punishment; he will give her her reward.
Babylon has been a gold cup in the hand of the Lord, which has made all the earth overcome with wine: the nations have taken of her wine, and for this cause the nations have gone off their heads.
Sudden is the downfall of Babylon and her destruction: make cries of grief for her; take sweet oil for her pain, if it is possible for her to be made well.
We would have made Babylon well, but she is not made well: give her up, and let us go everyone to his country: for her punishment is stretching up to heaven, and lifted up even to the skies.
The Lord has made clear our righteousness: come, and let us give an account in Zion of the work of the Lord our God.
Make bright the arrows; take up the body-covers: the Lord has been moving the spirit of the king of the Medes; because his design against Babylon is its destruction: for it is the punishment from the Lord, the payment for his Temple.
Let the flag be lifted up against the walls of Babylon, make the watch strong, put the watchmen in their places, make ready a surprise attack: for it is the Lord's purpose, and he has done what he said about the people of Babylon.
O you whose living-place is by the wide waters, whose stores are great, your end is come, your evil profit is ended.
The Lord of armies has taken an oath by himself, saying, Truly, I will make you full with men as with locusts, and their voices will be loud against you.
He has made the earth by his power, he has made the world strong in its place by his wisdom, and by his wise design the heavens have been stretched out:
At the sound of his voice there is a massing of the waters in the heavens, and he makes the mists go up from the ends of the earth; he makes the thunder-flames for the rain and sends out the wind from his store-houses.
Then every man becomes like a beast without knowledge; every gold-worker is put to shame by the image he has made: for his metal image is deceit, and there is no breath in them.
They are nothing, a work of error: in the time of their punishment, destruction will overtake them.
The heritage of Jacob is not like these; for the maker of all things is his heritage: the Lord of armies is his name.
You are my fighting axe and my instrument of war: with you the nations will be broken; with you kingdoms will be broken;
With you the horse and the horseman will be broken; with you the war-carriage and he who goes in it will be broken;
With you man and woman will be broken; with you the old man and the boy will be broken; with you the young man and the virgin will be broken;
With you the keeper of sheep with his flock will be broken, and with you the farmer and his oxen will be broken, and with you captains and rulers will be broken.
And I will give to Babylon, and to all the people of Chaldaea, their reward for all the evil they have done in Zion before your eyes, says the Lord.
See, I am against you, says the Lord, O mountain of destruction, causing the destruction of all the earth: and my hand will be stretched out on you, rolling you down from the rocks, and making you a burned mountain.
And they will not take from you a stone for the angle of a wall or the base of a building; but you will be a waste place for ever, says the Lord.
Let a flag be lifted up in the land, let the horn be sounded among the nations, make the nations ready against her; get the kingdoms of Ararat, Minni, and Ashkenaz together against her, make ready a scribe against her; let the horses come up against her like massed locusts.
Make the nations ready for war against her, the king of the Medes and his rulers and all his captains, and all the land under his rule.
And the land is shaking and in pain: for the purposes of the Lord are fixed, to make the land of Babylon an unpeopled waste.
Babylon's men of war have kept back from the fight, waiting in their strong places; their strength has given way, they have become like women: her houses have been put on fire, her locks are broken.
One man, running, will give word to another, and one who goes with news will be handing it on to another, to give word to the king of Babylon that his town has been taken from every quarter:
And the ways across the river have been taken, and the water-holes ... burned with fire, and the men of war are in the grip of fear.
For these are the words of the Lord of armies, the God of Israel: The daughter of Babylon is like a grain-floor when it is stamped down; before long, the time of her grain-cutting will come.
Nebuchadrezzar, king of Babylon, has made a meal of me, violently crushing me, he has made me a vessel with nothing in it, he has taken me in his mouth like a dragon, he has made his stomach full with my delicate flesh, crushing me with his teeth.
May the violent things done to me, and my downfall, come on Babylon, the daughter of Zion will say; and, May my blood be on the people of Chaldaea, Jerusalem will say.
For this reason the Lord has said: See, I will give support to your cause, and take payment for what you have undergone; I will make her sea dry, and her fountain without water.
And Babylon will become a mass of broken walls, a hole for jackals, a cause of wonder and surprise, without a living man in it.
They will be crying out together like lions, their voices will be like the voices of young lions.
When they are heated, I will make a feast for them, and overcome them with wine, so that they may become unconscious, sleeping an eternal sleep without awaking, says the Lord.
I will make them go down to death like lambs, like he-goats together.
How is Babylon taken! and the praise of all the earth surprised! how has Babylon become a cause of wonder among the nations!
The sea has come up over Babylon; she is covered with the mass of its waves.
Her towns have become a waste, a dry and unwatered land, where no man has his living-place and no son of man goes by.
And I will send punishment on Bel in Babylon, and take out of his mouth what went into it; no longer will the nations be flowing together to him: truly, the wall of Babylon will come down.
My people, go out from her, and let every man get away safe from the burning wrath of the Lord.
So that your hearts may not become feeble and full of fear because of the news which will go about in the land; for a story will go about one year, and after that in another year another story, and violent acts in the land, ruler against ruler.
For this cause, truly, the days are coming when I will send punishment on the images of Babylon, and all her land will be shamed, and her dead will be falling down in her.
And the heaven and the earth and everything in them, will make a song of joy over Babylon: for those who make her waste will come from the north, says the Lord.
As Babylon had the dead of Israel put to the sword, so in Babylon the dead of all the land will be stretched out.
You who have got away safe from the sword, go, waiting for nothing; have the Lord in memory when you are far away, and keep Jerusalem in mind.
We are shamed because bitter words have come to our ears; our faces are covered with shame: for men from strange lands have come into the holy places of the Lord's house.
For this reason, see, the days are coming, says the Lord, when I will send punishment on her images; and through all her land the wounded will be crying out in pain.
Even if Babylon was lifted up to heaven, even if she had the high places of her strength shut in with walls, still I would send against her those who will make her waste, says the Lord.
There is the sound of a cry from Babylon, and of a great destruction from the land of the Chaldaeans:
For the Lord is making Babylon waste, and putting an end to the great voice coming out of her; and her waves are thundering like great waters, their voice is sounding loud:
For the waster has come on her, even on Babylon, and her men of war are taken, their bows are broken: for the Lord is a rewarding God, and he will certainly give payment.
And I will make her chiefs and her wise men, her rulers and her captains and her men of war, overcome with wine; their sleep will be an eternal sleep without awaking, says the King; the Lord of armies is his name.
The Lord of armies has said: The wide walls of Babylon will be completely uncovered and her high doorways will be burned with fire; so peoples keep on working for nothing, and the weariness of nations comes to an end in the smoke.
The order which Jeremiah the prophet gave to Seraiah, the son of Neriah, the son of Mahseiah, when he went with Zedekiah, the king of Judah, to Babylon in the fourth year of his rule. Now Seraiah was the chief controller of the house.
And Jeremiah put in a book all the evil which was to come on Babylon.
And Jeremiah said to Seraiah, When you come to Babylon, see that you give them all these words;
And after reading them, say, O Lord, you have said about this place that it is to be cut off, so that no one will be living in it, not a man or a beast, but it will be unpeopled for ever.
And it will be that, when you have come to an end of reading this book, you are to have a stone fixed to it, and have it dropped into the Euphrates:
And you are to say, So Babylon will go down, never to be lifted up again, because of the evil which I will send on her: and weariness will overcome them. So far, these are the words of Jeremiah.
Now after this, the children of Moab and the children of Ammon, and with them some of the Meunim, made war against Jehoshaphat.
And they came to Jehoshaphat with the news, saying, A great army is moving against you from Edom across the sea; and now they are in Hazazon-tamar (which is En-gedi).
Then Jehoshaphat, in his fear, went to the Lord for directions, and gave orders all through Judah for the people to go without food.
And Judah came together to make prayer for help from the Lord; from every town of Judah they came to give worship to the Lord.
And Jehoshaphat took his place in the meeting of Judah and Jerusalem, in the house of the Lord in front of the new open space,
And said, O Lord, the God of our fathers, are you not God in heaven? are you not ruler over all the kingdoms of the nations? and in your hands are power and strength so that no one is able to keep his place against you.
Did you not, O Lord our God, after driving out the people of this land before your people Israel, give it to the seed of Abraham, your friend, for ever?
And they made it their living-place, building there a holy house for your name, and saying,
If evil comes on us, the sword, or punishment, or disease, or need of food, we will come to this house and to you, (for your name is in this house,) crying to you in our trouble, and you will give us salvation in answer to our cry.
And now, see, the children of Ammon and Moab and the people of Mount Seir, whom you kept Israel from attacking when they came out of Egypt, so that turning to one side they did not send destruction on them:
See now, how as our reward they have come to send us out of your land which you have given us as our heritage.
O our God, will you not be their judge? for our strength is not equal to this great army which is coming against us; and we are at a loss what to do: but our eyes are on you.
And all Judah were waiting before the Lord, with their little ones, their wives, and their children.
Then, before all the meeting, the spirit of the Lord came on Jahaziel, the son of Zechariah, son of Benaiah, son of Jeiel, son of Mattaniah, a Levite and one of the family of Asaph;
And he said, Give ear, O Judah, and you people of Jerusalem, and you, King Jehoshaphat: the Lord says to you, Have no fear and do not be troubled on account of this great army; for the fight is not yours but God's.
Go down against them tomorrow: see, they are coming up by the slope of Ziz; at the end of the valley, before the waste land of Jeruel, you will come face to face with them.
There will be no need for you to take up arms in this fight; put yourselves in position, and keep where you are, and you will see the salvation of the Lord with you, O Judah and Jerusalem: have no fear and do not be troubled: go out against them tomorrow, for the Lord is with you.
Then Jehoshaphat went down with his face to the earth, and all Judah and the people of Jerusalem gave worship to the Lord, falling down before him.
And the Levites, the children of the Kohathites and the Korahites, got to their feet and gave praise to the Lord, the God of Israel, with a loud voice.
And early in the morning they got up and went out to the waste land of Tekoa: and when they were going out, Jehoshaphat took his station and said to them, Give ear to me, O Judah and you people of Jerusalem: have faith in the Lord your God and you will be safe; have faith in his prophets and all will go well for you.
And after discussion with the people, he put in their places those who were to make melody to the Lord, praising him in holy robes, while they went at the head of the army, and saying, May the Lord be praised, for his mercy is unchanging for ever.
And at the first notes of song and praise the Lord sent a surprise attack against the children of Ammon and Moab and the people of Mount Seir, who had come against Judah; and they were overcome.
And the children of Ammon and Moab made an attack on the people of Mount Seir with a view to their complete destruction; and when they had put an end to the people of Seir, everyman's hand was turned against his neighbour for his destruction.
And Judah came to the watchtower of the waste land, and looking in the direction of the army, they saw only dead bodies stretched on the earth; no living man was to be seen.
And when Jehoshaphat and his people came to take their goods from them, they saw beasts in great numbers, and wealth and clothing and things of value, more than they were able to take away; all this they took for themselves, and they were three days getting it away, there was so much.
On the fourth day they all came together in the Valley of Blessing, and there they gave blessing to the Lord; for which cause that place has been named the Valley of Blessing to this day.
Then all the men of Judah and Jerusalem went back, with Jehoshaphat at their head, coming back to Jerusalem with joy; for the Lord had made them glad over their haters.
So they came to Jerusalem with corded instruments and wind-instruments into the house of the Lord.
And the fear of God came on all the kingdoms of the lands, when they had news of how the Lord made war on those who came against Israel.
So the kingdom of Jehoshaphat was quiet, for the Lord gave him rest on every side.
And Jehoshaphat was king over Judah: he was thirty-five years old when he became king, and he was ruling for twenty-five years in Jerusalem: his mother's name was Azubah, the daughter of Shilhi.
He went in the ways of his father Asa, not turning away, but doing right in the eyes of the Lord.
The high places, however, were not taken away, and the hearts of the people were still not true to the God of their fathers.
Now as for the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, first and last, they are recorded in the words of Jehu, the son of Hanani, which were put in the book of the kings of Israel.
After this Jehoshaphat, king of Judah, became friends with Ahaziah, king of Israel, who did much evil:
Together they made ships to go to Tarshish, building them in Ezion-geber.
Then the word of Eliezer the prophet, the son of Dodavahu of Mareshah, came against Jehoshaphat, saying, Because you have let yourself be joined with Ahaziah, the Lord has sent destruction on your works. And the ships were broken and were not able to go to Tarshish.
Then he gave orders to the servant who was over his house, saying, Put as much food into the men's bags as will go into them, and put every man's money in the mouth of his bag;
And put my cup, my silver cup, in the youngest one's bag, with his money. So he did as Joseph said.
And at dawn the men, with their asses, were sent away.
And when they had gone only a little way out of the town, Joseph said to the servant who was over his house, Go after them; and when you overtake them, say to them, Why have you done evil in reward for good?
Is not this the cup from which my lord takes wine and by which he gets knowledge of the future? Truly, you have done evil.
So he overtook them and said these words to them.
And they said to him, Why does my lord say such words as these? far be it from your servants to do such a thing:
See, the money which was in the mouth of our bags we gave back to you when we came again from Canaan: how then might we take silver or gold from your lord's house?
If it comes to light that any of your servants has done this, let him be put to death, and we will be your lord's servants.
And he said, Let it be as you say: he in whose bag it is seen will become my servant; and you will not be responsible.
Then every man quickly got his bag down and undid it.
And he made a search, starting with the oldest and ending with the youngest; and the cup was in Benjamin's bag.
Then in bitter grief they put the bags on the asses again and went back to the town.
So Judah and his brothers came to Joseph's house; and he was still there: and they went down on their faces before him.
And Joseph said, What is this thing which you have done? had you no thought that such a man as I would have power to see what is secret?
And Judah said, What are we to say to my lord? how may we put ourselves right in his eyes? God has made clear the sin of your servants: now we are in your hands, we and the man in whose bag your cup was seen.
Then he said, Far be it from me to do so: but the man who had my cup will be my servant; and you may go back to your father in peace.
Then Judah came near him, and said, Let your servant say a word in my lord's ears, and let not your wrath be burning against your servant: for you are in the place of Pharaoh to us.
My lord said to his servants, Have you a father or a brother?
And we said to my lord, We have an old father and a young child, whom he had when he was old; his brother is dead and he is the only son of his mother, and is very dear to his father.
And you said to your servants, Let him come down to me with you, so that I may see him.
And we said to my lord, His father will not let him go; for if he went away his father would come to his death.
But you said to your servants, If your youngest brother does not come with you, you will not see my face again.
And when we went back to your servant, our father, we gave him an account of my lord's words.
And our father said, Go again and get us a little food.
And we said, Only if our youngest brother goes with us will we go down; for we may not see the man's face again if our youngest brother is not with us.
And our father said to us, You have knowledge that my wife gave me two sons;
The one went away from me, and I said, Truly he has come to a violent death; and from that time I have not seen him,
If now you take this one from me, and some evil comes to him, you will make my grey head go down in sorrow to the underworld.
If then I go back to your servant, my father, without the boy, because his life and the boy's life are one,
When he sees that the boy is not with us, he will come to his death, and our father's grey head will go down in sorrow to the underworld.
For I made myself responsible for the boy to my father, saying, If I do not give him safely back to you, let mine be the sin for ever.
So now let me be my lord's servant here in place of the boy, and let him go back with his brothers.
For how may I go back to my father without the boy, and see the evil which will come on my father?
And he took me to the Temple, and took the measure of the uprights, six cubits wide on one side and six cubits wide on the other.
And the door-opening was ten cubits wide; and the side walls of the door-opening were five cubits on one side and five cubits on the other: and it was forty cubits long and twenty cubits wide.
And he went inside and took the measure of the uprights of the door-opening, two cubits: and the door-opening, six cubits; and the side-walls of the door-opening were seven cubits on one side and seven cubits on the other.
And by his measure it was twenty cubits long and twenty cubits wide in front of the Temple: and he said to me, This is the most holy place.
Then he took the measure of the wall of the house, which was six cubits; and of the side-rooms round the house, which were four cubits wide.
And the side-rooms, room over room, were three times thirty; there were inlets in the wall of the house for the side-rooms round about, for supports in the wall of the house.
The side-rooms became wider as they went higher up the house, by the amount of the space let into the wall up round about the house, because of the inlets in the house; and one went up from the lowest floor by steps to the middle, and from the middle to the upper floor.
And I saw that the house had a stone floor all round; the bases of the side-rooms were a full rod of six great cubits high.
The wall supporting the side-rooms on the outside was five cubits thick: and there was a free space of five cubits between the side-rooms of the house.
And between the rooms was a space twenty cubits wide all round the house.
And the free space had doors opening from the side-rooms, one door on the north and one door on the south: and the free space was five cubits wide all round.
And the building which was in front of the separate place at the side to the west was seventy cubits wide; the wall of the building was five cubits thick all round and ninety cubits long.
And he took the measure of the house; it was a hundred cubits long; and the separate place and the building with its walls was a hundred cubits long;
And the east front of the house and of the separate place was a hundred cubits wide.
And he took the measure of the building in front of the separate place which was at the back of it, and the pillared walks on one side and on the other side; they were a hundred cubits long; and the Temple and the inner part and its outer covered way were covered in;
And the sloping windows and the covered ways round all three of them were of shakiph-wood all round from the level of the earth up to the windows;
And there was a roof over the doorway and as far as the inner house, and to the outside and on the wall all round, inside and outside.
And it had pictured forms of winged beings and palm-trees; a palm-tree between two winged ones, and every winged one had two faces;
So that there was the face of a man turned to the palm-tree on one side, and the face of a young lion on the other side: so it was made all round the house.
From earth level up to the windows there were winged ones and palm-trees pictured on the wall.
...
The altar was made of wood, and was three cubits high and two cubits long; it had angles, and its base and sides were of wood; and he said to me, This is the table which is before the Lord.
The Temple had two doors.
And the holy place had two doors, and the doors had two turning leaves, two for one and two for the other.
And on them were pictured winged ones and palm-trees, as on the walls; and a ... of wood was on the front of the covered way outside.
And there were sloping windows and palm-trees on one side and on the other, on the sides of the covered way: and the side-rooms of the house and the ...
A Psalm. Of David. To keep in memory. O Lord, be not bitter with me in your wrath; let not your hand be on me in the heat of your passion.
For your arrows have gone into my flesh, and I am crushed under the weight of your hand.
My flesh is wasted because of your wrath; and there is no peace in my bones because of my sin.
For my crimes have gone over my head; they are like a great weight which is more than my strength.
My wounds are poisoned and evil-smelling, because of my foolish behaviour.
I am troubled, I am made low; I go weeping all the day.
For my body is full of burning; all my flesh is unhealthy.
I am feeble and crushed down; I gave a cry like a lion because of the grief in my heart.
Lord, all my desire is before you; my sorrow is not kept secret from you.
My heart goes out in pain, my strength is wasting away; as for the light of my eyes, it is gone from me.
My lovers and my friends keep away from my disease; my relations keep far away.
Those who have a desire to take my life put nets for me; those who are designing my destruction say evil things against me, all the day their minds are full of deceit.
But I kept my ears shut like a man without hearing; like a man without a voice, never opening his mouth.
So I was like a man whose ears are shut, and in whose mouth there are no sharp words.
In you, O Lord, is my hope: you will give me an answer, O Lord, my God.
I said, Let them not be glad over me; when my foot is moved, let them not be lifted up with pride against me.
My feet are near to falling, and my sorrow is ever before me.
I will make clear my wrongdoing, with sorrow in my heart for my sin.
But they are strong who have hate for me without cause: those who are against me falsely are increased in numbers.
They give me back evil for good; they are my haters because I go after the thing which is right.
Do not give me up, O Lord; O my God, be near to me.
Come quickly to give me help, O Lord, my salvation.
A man hating sharp words and making his heart hard, will suddenly be broken and will not be made well again.
When the upright have power, the people are glad; when an evil man is ruler, grief comes on the people.
A man who is a lover of wisdom is a joy to his father: but he who goes in the company of loose women is a waster of wealth.
A king, by right rule, makes the land safe; but one full of desires makes it a waste.
A man who says smooth things to his neighbour is stretching out a net for his steps.
In the steps of an evil man there is a net for him, but the upright man gets away quickly and is glad.
The upright man gives attention to the cause of the poor: the evil-doer gives no thought to it.
Men of pride are the cause of violent acts in a town, but by wise men wrath is turned away.
If a wise man goes to law with a foolish man, he may be angry or laughing, but there will be no rest.
Men of blood are haters of the good man, and evil-doers go after his soul.
A foolish man lets out all his wrath, but a wise man keeps it back quietly.
If a ruler gives attention to false words, all his servants are evil-doers.
The poor man and his creditor come face to face: the Lord gives light to their eyes equally.
The king who is a true judge in the cause of the poor, will be safe for ever on the seat of his power.
The rod and sharp words give wisdom: but a child who is not guided is a cause of shame to his mother.
When evil men are in power, wrongdoing is increased; but the upright will have pleasure when they see their downfall.
Give your son training, and he will give you rest; he will give delight to your soul.
Where there is no vision, the people are uncontrolled; but he who keeps the law will be happy.
A servant will not be trained by words; for though the sense of the words is clear to him, he will not give attention.
Have you seen a man who is quick with his tongue? There is more hope for a foolish man than for him.
If a servant is gently cared for from his early years, he will become a cause of sorrow in the end.
An angry man is the cause of fighting, and a man given to wrath does much wrong.
A man's pride will be the cause of his fall, but he who has a gentle spirit will get honour.
A man who takes part with a thief has hate for his soul; he is put under oath, but says nothing.
The fear of man is a cause of danger: but whoever puts his faith in the Lord will have a safe place on high.
The approval of a ruler is desired by great numbers: but the decision in a man's cause comes from the Lord.
An evil man is disgusting to the upright, and he who is upright is disgusting to evil-doers.
The Lord is King, let the earth have joy; let all the sea-lands be glad.
Dark clouds are round him; his kingdom is based on righteousness and right judging.
Fire goes before him, burning up all those who are against him round about.
His bright flames give light to the world; the earth saw it with fear.
The mountains became like wax at the coming of the Lord, at the coming of the Lord of all the earth.
The heavens gave out the news of his righteousness, and all the people saw his glory.
Shamed be all those who give worship to images, and take pride in false gods; give him worship, all you gods.
Zion gave ear and was glad; and the daughters of Judah were full of joy, because of your decisions, O Lord.
For you, Lord, are most high over the earth; you are lifted up over all other gods.
You who are lovers of the Lord, be haters of evil; he keeps the souls of his saints; he takes them out of the hand of sinners.
Light is shining on the lovers of righteousness, and for the upright in heart there is joy.
Be glad in the Lord, you upright men; praising the memory of his holy name.
Now the angel of the Lord came up from Gilgal to Bochim. And he said, ***I took you out of Egypt, guiding you into the land which I gave by an oath to your fathers; and I said, My agreement with you will never be broken by me:
And you are to make no agreement with the people of this land; you are to see that their altars are broken down: but you have not given ear to my voice: what have you done?
And so I have said, I will not send them out from before you; but they will be a danger to you, and their gods will be a cause of falling to you.
Now on hearing these words which the angel of the Lord said to all the children of Israel, the people gave themselves up to loud crying and weeping.
And they gave that place the name of Bochim, and made offerings there to the Lord.
And Joshua let the people go away, and the children of Israel went, every man to his heritage, to take the land for themselves.
And the people were true to the Lord all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the responsible men who were still living after the death of Joshua, and had seen all the great work of the Lord which he had done for Israel.
And death came to Joshua, the son of Nun, the servant of the Lord, he being a hundred and ten years old.
And they put his body in the earth in the land of his heritage in Timnath-heres, in the hill-country of Ephraim to the north of Mount Gaash.
And in time death overtook all that generation; and another generation came after them, having no knowledge of the Lord or of the things which he had done for Israel.
And the children of Israel did evil in the eyes of the Lord and became servants to the Baals;
And they gave up the Lord, the God of their fathers, who had taken them out of the land of Egypt, and went after other gods, the gods of the peoples round about them, worshipping them and moving the Lord to wrath.
And they gave up the Lord, and became the servants of Baal and the Astartes.
And the wrath of the Lord was burning against Israel, and he gave them up into the hands of those who violently took their property, and into the hands of their haters all round them, so that they were forced to give way before them.
Wherever they went out, the hand of the Lord was against them for evil, as the Lord had taken his oath it would be; and things became very hard for them.
Then the Lord gave them judges, as their saviours from the hands of those who were cruel to them.
But still they would not give ear to their judges, but went after other gods and gave them worship; quickly turning from the way in which their fathers had gone, keeping the orders of the Lord; but they did not do so.
And whenever the Lord gave them judges, then the Lord was with the judge, and was their saviour from the hands of their haters all the days of the judge; for the Lord was moved by their cries of grief because of those who were cruel to them.
But whenever the judge was dead, they went back and did more evil than their fathers, going after other gods, to be their servants and their worshippers; giving up nothing of their sins and their hard-hearted ways.
And the wrath of the Lord was burning against Israel, and he said, Because this nation has not been true to my agreement which I made with their fathers, and has not given ear to my voice;
From now on I will not go on driving out from before them any of the nations which at the death of Joshua were still living in this land;
In order to put Israel to the test, and see if they will keep the way of the Lord, walking in it as their fathers did, or not.
So the Lord let those nations go on living in the land, not driving them out quickly, and did not give them up into the hands of Joshua.
And Rehoboam went to Shechem, where all Israel had come together to make him king.
And when Jeroboam, the son of Nebat, had news of it, (for he was in Egypt where he had gone in flight from King Solomon,) he came back from Egypt.
And they sent for him; and Jeroboam and all Israel came to Rehoboam and said,
Your father put a hard yoke on us: if you will make the conditions under which your father kept us down less cruel, and the weight of the yoke he put on us less hard, then we will be your servants.
And he said to them, Come to me again after three days. So the people went away.
Then King Rehoboam took the opinion of the old men who had been with Solomon his father when he was living, and said, In your opinion, what answer am I to give to this people?
And they said to him, If you are kind to this people, pleasing them and saying good words to them, then they will be your servants for ever.
But he gave no attention to the opinion of the old men, but went to the young men of his generation who were waiting before him.
And he said to them, What is your opinion? What answer are we to give to this people who have said to me, Make less the weight of the yoke which your father put on us?
And the young men of his generation said to him, This is the answer to give to the people who came to you saying, Your father put a hard yoke on us, but will you make it less; say to them, My little finger is thicker than my father's body;
If my father put a hard yoke on you, I will make it harder: my father gave you punishment with whips, but I will give you blows with snakes.
So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king had given orders, saying, Come to me again on the third day.
And the king gave them a rough answer. So King Rehoboam gave no attention to the suggestion of the old men,
But gave them the answer put forward by the young men, saying, My father made your yoke hard, but I will make it harder; my father gave you punishment with whips, but I will give it with snakes.
So the king did not give ear to the people; for this came about by the purpose of God, so that the Lord might give effect to his word which he had said by Ahijah the Shilonite to Jeroboam, the son of Nebat.
And when all Israel saw that the king would give no attention to them, the people in answer said to the king, What part have we in David? what is our heritage in the son of Jesse? every man to your tents, O Israel; now see to your house, David. So all Israel went to their tents.
But Rehoboam was still king over those of the children of Israel who were living in the towns of Judah.
Then Rehoboam sent Adoniram, the overseer of the forced work; and he was stoned to death by all Israel. And King Rehoboam went quickly and got into his carriage to go in flight to Jerusalem.
So Israel was turned away from the family of David to this day.
If a man takes a wife, and after they are married she is unpleasing to him because of some bad quality in her, let him give her a statement in writing and send her away from his house.
And when she has gone away from him, she may become another man's wife.
And if the second husband has no love for her and, giving her a statement in writing, sends her away; or if death comes to the second husband to whom she was married;
Her first husband, who had sent her away, may not take her back after she has been wife to another; for that is disgusting to the Lord: and you are not to be a cause of sin in the land which the Lord your God is giving you for your heritage.
A newly married man will not have to go out with the army or undertake any business, but may be free for one year, living in his house for the comfort of his wife.
No one is to take, on account of a debt, the stones with which grain is crushed: for in doing so he takes a man's living.
If a man takes by force one of his countrymen, the children of Israel, using him as his property or getting a price for him, that thief is to be put to death: so you are to put away evil from among you.
In connection with the leper's disease, take care to keep and do every detail of the teaching of the priests, the Levites: as I gave them orders, so you are to do.
Keep in mind what the Lord your God did to Miriam on the way, when you came out of Egypt.
If you let your brother have the use of anything which is yours, do not go into his house and take anything of his as a sign of his debt;
But keep outside till he comes out and gives it to you.
If he is a poor man, do not keep his property all night;
But be certain to give it back to him when the sun goes down, so that he may have his clothing for sleeping in, and will give you his blessing: and this will be put to your account as righteousness before the Lord your God.
Do not be hard on a servant who is poor and in need, if he is one of your countrymen or a man from another nation living with you in your land.
Give him his payment day by day, not keeping it back over night; for he is poor and his living is dependent on it; and if his cry against you comes to the ears of the Lord, it will be judged as sin in you.
Fathers are not to be put to death for their children or children for their fathers: every man is to be put to death for the sin which he himself has done.
Be upright in judging the cause of the man from a strange country and of him who has no father; do not take a widow's clothing on account of a debt:
But keep in mind that you were a servant in the land of Egypt, and the Lord your God made you free: for this is why I give you orders to do this.
When you get in the grain from your field, if some of the grain has been dropped by chance in the field, do not go back and get it, but let it be for the man from a strange land, the child without a father, and the widow: so that the blessing of the Lord your God may be on all the work of your hands.
When you are shaking the fruit from your olive-trees, do not go over the branches a second time: let some be for the man from a strange land, the child without a father, and the widow.
When you are pulling the grapes from your vines, do not take up those which have been dropped; let them be for the man from a strange land, the child without a father, and the widow.
Keep in mind that you were a servant in the land of Egypt: for this is why I give you orders to do this.
In you, O Lord, have I put my hope; let me never be shamed.
Keep me safe in your righteousness, and come to my help; give ear to my voice, and be my saviour.
Be my strong Rock, the strong place of my salvation; for you are my Rock, and my safe place.
O my God, take me out of the hand of the sinner, out of the hand of the evil and cruel man.
For you are my hope, O Lord God; I have had faith in you from the time when I was young.
You have been my support from the day of my birth; you took me out of my mother's body; my praise will be ever of you.
I am a wonder to all; but you are my strong tower.
My mouth will be full of your praise and glory all the day.
Do not give me up when I am old; be my help even when my strength is gone.
For my haters are waiting secretly for me; and those who are watching for my soul are banded together in their evil designs,
Saying, God has given him up; go after him and take him, for he has no helper.
O God, be not far from me; O my God, come quickly to my help.
Let those who say evil against my soul be overcome and put to shame; let my haters be made low and have no honour.
But I will go on ever hoping, and increasing in all your praise.
My mouth will make clear your righteousness and your salvation all the day; for they are more than may be measured.
I will give news of the great acts of the Lord God; my words will be of your righteousness, and of yours only.
O God, you have been my teacher from the time when I was young; and I have been talking of your works of wonder even till now.
Now when I am old and grey-headed, O God, give me not up; till I have made clear your strength to this generation, and your power to all those to come.
Your righteousness, O God, is very high; you have done great things; O God, who is like you?
