And the entire British Empire feared these three young men.
And, it will present to you, some of our most delightful cuisine, which has stimulated taste buds across the world.
Referring to the recent decision of the Union Government on demonetization of Rs. 500 and Rs. 2000 currency notes, the Prime Minister said that on 8th November many people of India slept peacefully, while a few are sleepless even now.
It may be recalled that effective from midnight of 14th November, 2017 the GST rate has been slashed from 28% to 18% on goods falling under 178 headings.
Prime Minister and also in-charge of: Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions; Department of Atomic Energy; Department of Space; All important policy issues; and All other portfolios not allocated to any Minister.
This included manufacturing, skill development, railways, cleaning of rivers, renewable energy, education, science and technology.
To increase the presence of IISERs in various States/ geographical locations to cater to the need for quality education in science and research, the Union Finance Minister, in his Budget Speech (2015) had announced setting up of an IISER in the State of Odisha.
1. To develop projects in association with agricultural companies for production of seed, 2.
The Prime Minister said that projects worth over 15000 crore are either being Inaugurated, or initiated (foundation stone being laid) today, in a single function.
The Prime Minister’s speech was widely appreciated by those at the programme and by eminent commentators.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the valedictory session of the function to mark National Law Day – 2017, at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi.
My visit celebrates the strength of centuries old links between our societies.
New commercial courts have also been set up.
Today, he said, by contrast, efforts are underway to clean the Ganga from Gangotri till the ocean.
There are many such instances of students from deprived families who, through sheer determination & perseverance overcame all odds and stood out to be beacons of inspiration to others.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on Collaborative Research on Distributed Ledger and Block chain Technology in the context of Development of digital economy by Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) with the participating member banks, under the BRICS Interbank Cooperation Mechanism namely Banco Nacional de DesenvolvimentoEconomico e Social (BNDES, of Brazil), China Development Bank (CDB), State Corporation Bank for Development and Foreign Economic Affairs (Vnesheconombank, of Russia) and Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA).
We reaffirm our commitment to international cooperation as envisaged in Chapter IV of the United Nations Convention against Corruption.
From 2007 to 2013, the targeted offsets obligations were 1.24 billion dollars, of which only 0.79 billion dollars worth of offsets were actually discharged.
Voting is certainly an important component but there are many other facets of democracy.
The independent External Monitor set up for Strategic Disinvestment shall oversee the process of asset monetization as well.
He said, “Friends, petrochemicals are a grade of chemicals which we don’t speak much about.
The MoU acknowledges the responsibility of the BRICS nations, an association of the five major economies of the world i.e. Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa comprising of more than 40% of the population of the world, towards the protection, preservation and sustainability of the Environment.
We will continue joint work to prevent and respond to natural disasters.
It will also help the employees in their post retirement rehabilitation.
Many such institutions work hard to promote Ganesh idols made from clay and they also propagate it.
Friends, strengthening of our emotional bonds will also strengthen our shared cultural and trade heritage.
May Lord Jagannath continue to shower his blessings on everyone.
They presented the outcomes of their discussions over last two days in areas such utility scale solar, off-grid and microgrid solutions, solar storage, next generation solar technologies and innovative financing options for the renewable sector.
The festivals of Vasant Panchami, Mahashivratri and Holi, impart hues of happiness to a person’s life.
Have a large perspective and a goal, and move ahead.
The two leaders underlined the close and friendly bilateral ties, deep-rooted in shared history and sustained and nourished through growing economic partnership, multi-faceted cooperation and vibrant people to people contacts.
The Prime Minister appreciated and congratulated the award winners for their achievements.
For this, he said, we need skilled youth, adding that research and innovation are vital for us.
Pending the equivalence to the established in these institutions Income criteria would apply for the officers in these Institutions.
1. Creation of 1 post of Chief Controller of Mines in Level 15 and 3 posts of Controller of Mines in Level 14;
The Prime Minister called for States to focus on agriculture reforms, and e-NAM in particular.
And, all of us took a resolve that on the 150th birth anniversary of revered Bapu, we shall make some contribution in the direction of making Clean India which he had dreamt of.
We sought a fair and equitable access to markets and resources.
They shall interact with artisans and view a live demonstration of their crafts.
6. Both sides reiterated their mutual respect for the already demarcated boundary between the two countries and emphasised the need to resolve outstanding boundary demarcation issues as fast as possible through existing bilateral mechanisms and consultations.
We have to liberate this country, and society from the clutches of this demonic attitude.
He said that all aspects and parameters of human development need to be addressed and improved upon in the 115 aspirational districts.
In the start of this process I had referred of 50 day problem, increased problem.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the Nation on Independence Day.
Over 1 crore customers have given up LPG subsidies under Give it up initiative.
There is a large rural population in the North East region.
We have been working to improve the well being of the people of India – who form one-sixth of humanity.
Since Oman does not have a local professional accountancy Institute and it is the ICAI which has been collaborating with CBFS, Oman in matters relating to the profession.
The approval will promote economic and industrial development of the country.
There was a lot of enthusiasm among the players and the spectators.
Last session was a witness to a major decision on GST and the parliament made a major contribution towards realizing the dream of One nation, one tax.
Along with the Federal Government, the states have also taken keen interest in implementing such reforms.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today released a photo book titled “President Pranab Mukherjee – A Statesman”, at an event in Rashtrapati Bhawan.
AB-NHPMA will be headed by a full time CEO of the level of Secretary/ Additional Secretary to the Government of India.
The catchment area treatment works will help in reduction of sediment load into rivers.
Today, both Kenya and India are flourishing democracies.
And, we worked to diversify economic partnership between countries of the South.
Banks and NBFCs will not levy high interest on these loans, as Government of India is bearing the cost of underwriting them.
(a) Vijaya Bank and Dena Bank are transferor banks and BoB is transferee bank.
• The 44th, 45th and 46th Indian Labour Conference recommended enhancement of Maternity Benefits to 24 weeks.
He urged forensic experts to use DNA profiling to assist the judicial system, in bringing culprits to book.
Your curiosity is but natural; in this age when Radio was fading into oblivion, why did Modi opt for the airwaves?
This has the potential to pose unprecedented challenges and stresses to our demographic dividend.
This MoU will facilitate:
• Investment Clearance of Revised Cost Estimates amounting to Rs.671.478 crore and Rs.1305.267 crore for Relining of Sirhind Feeder and Relining of Rajasthan Feeder respectively have been accorded on 6th April, 2016.
Thank you very much.
He added that the colonial rulers were scared of those who wrote and expressed themselves through the papers.
He said that only those who respect women, can take legitimate pride in the opening words of Swami Vivekananda’s address – “Brothers and sisters of America.”
In today’s pressing, hard times, the entire Nation is with Kerala.
The Australian fashion designers, producing garments using Indian woven and other textiles of Indian for India and Australian market have evinced interest to work with stakeholders in India which includes cooperation with textiles, handloom sector with a view to provide state of art, designing of textiles and handloom products and market them in India as well as international market.
India’s capacity may be limited, but our commitment is without limits.
It will also be applicable for extension of invitations to international conferences and seminars on youth matters held in the two countries, exchange of printed materials, films and experiences.
He encouraged the officers for a free and frank exchange of ideas during the Rajasva Gyan Sangam.
We reaffirm our full support for the rules-based multilateral trading system, as embodied in the WTO, to ensure transparent, non-discriminatory, open and inclusive international trade.
And DashrathManjhi, today, who has been discussed about a lot in India, very few people would be aware that if there was someone who had for the first time searched and published the story of DashrathManjhi then it was HarivanshBabu.
This is the sixth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video bridge with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
We want to bring chances in quality of life.
Instability, violence, extremism, exclusion and transnational threats continue to proliferate in dangerous directions.
In this fight against corruption and black money, it is natural to debate the fate of the dishonest.
d. Promoting Re-use, Recharge and Recycling of water
Similarly, the bundle of services offered by Department of Posts has undergone a quantitative and qualitative change and the Department has ventured into areas of retailing, banking, insurance, digitizing operations etc.
In a few hours, we will be ushering in the new year of 2017.
And after going through all these outpourings, some ideas came to my mind, which I want to share with you today.
Prime Minister Modi also addressed a large gathering of Indian Community in Uganda at a special event organized for this purpose.
I was pleased to see that there has been significant participation and presence from African countries in our States.
Under the CFS, the Govt. of India has been supporting Indian Entities bidding for strategically important infrastructure projects abroad since 2015-16.
Appreciating the new ideas and innovations envisaged in the presentations made by the CEOs, the Prime Minister thanked them for the valuable inputs and time devoted to ideation for the benefit of the country.
1. I am delighted to be here again amidst such a large and distinguished gathering of political and business leaders.
exchange of information about conducted conferences, forums, exhibitions, seminars that are of mutual interest;
These include:
71 countries, including India, participated therein.
PM will unveil the Common Mobility Card of Ahmedabad Metro.
It will provide access to information, knowledge, education, and healthcare.
An important focus of our commemorative events celebrates the power of our youth, our future.
India is a very old civilization but a young nation.
We are happy to receive the high powered business delegation accompanying the Prime Minister.
He said India is growing rapidly today, and the cities which are its growth engines, cannot continue to develop haphazardly.
He will also distribute laptops, certificates and cheques etc. to beneficiaries under various schemes.
The facility will create employment opportunities to the Bundelkhand region.
He emphasized the importance of connectivity for ending regional imbalances.
This MoU provides for cooperation in the fields of rice production and processing, multi cropping system, dryland farming systems, bio-organic farming, solid and water conservation and management, soil fertility, sericulture, agro forestry, livestock improvement etc.
Incidentally, 125 years ago, when Swami Vivekanandji spoke at the World Congress of Religions in Chicago, there were about four thousand people in the audience.
Sound Byte: “I wish that my entire country should be healthy and all the poor people also should remain free from diseases.
He will also launch the new version of NHRC website.
Our daughters, who were forced to sift through garbage and beg from home to home in order to earn a living – today they are learning sewing and stitching clothes to cover the impoverished.
In conclusion, the Prime Minister thanked the CEOs for their observations.
As a result, more than 32000 cases were confirmed and were put on treatment.
I would also like to make an appeal to the leaders of the various institutions gathered here.
If you take a holistic view, the National Soldiers’ Memorial is sure to turn out to be a sacred site, where people will throng, to get information on our great martyrs, to express their gratitude, to conduct further research on them.
Creating an offshore-like centre within a large country like India, therefore did pose regulatory challenges.
In the last seven to ten days itself, more than Rs. 4000 crore of arrears have been given to the farmers as a result of new policy measures enforced, the Prime Minister said.
As a result, apart from reduced flows in these canals, the adjacent areas have been affected by water logging causing huge agricultural losses.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised about an Memorandum of Understanding which has already been signed between India and Bangladesh for promoting cooperation in the field of Information Technology and Electronics (IT&E).
Our business communities are the strongest proponents for closer and faster commercial cooperation among BRICS.
He said this is being done using the transmission link between West Bengal and Bangladesh, and thanked the Chief Minister of West Bengal, Ms. Mamata Banerjee for her facilitation in completion of this work.
Our youth will never be misled, the Prime Minister added.
A method will be recommended by a Committee headed by the Cabinet Secretary for the allotment of additional capacity entitlements wherever designated Indian carriers have not utilised 80% of their bilateral rights but the foreign airlines/countries have utilised their part and are pressing for increase in the capacity.
Some have written in detail about people facing difficulties and encountering inconveniences.
Our Constitution is all encompassing.
This would help in resolving the following issues:
Our Army always puts the nation first.
Healthcare specialists all over the world now appreciate the fact that systems like Yoga and Ayurveda can complement the conventional medicine system extremely well.
It also has a significant international presence, and is one of the largest global banks.
This must be our leaning; this should be our disposition.
He had painted upon many themes.
In addition, the role of ITS officers in revival of BSNL & MTNL has also been kept in view.
This legislative proposal will fulfil a long-standing demand of the maritime legal fraternity.
India, today, is also a land of opportunity for those who want to:
PM MODI: The result was that people got several chances to launder money.
We need to support such initiative and leadership through policies and practices.
An advance is placed with the Medical Superintendents of such hospitals who then provide assistance on a case to case basis.
What great experience it will be?
Today we are fulfilling the dreams of Rajaji by creating an economy that is reform oriented and people-friendly.
He said that these are not only helping patients, but also those who want to study medicine.
17. Both leaders highlighted that countering terrorism required a strong collective action by the global community.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled his visit to Xiamen for the 9th BRICS Summit in September 2017, and his meeting with President Xi Jinping there.
I had the opportunity, a few days ago to be associated with the inaugural function of the Synthetic Track of the renowned athlete, P.T. Usha’s Usha School of Athletics.
The last health policy was formulated in 2002.
21. Continue to enhance cooperation for ensuring long-term food and energy security in our region through strengthening cooperation in agriculture and energy sectors; work together to promote the development of renewable energy technology through international platforms including the International Solar Alliance (ISA) where applicable.
The dispute settlement mechanism of the WTO is essential for its proper functioning.
Events of the last few days indicate that escape routes for the dishonest have all been sealed.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated a new Airport Complex, and an Integrated Command and Control Centre for the Kumbh Mela, at Prayagraj.
These measures help to improve economic well-being of marginalised sections of society.
· FDI equity inflows have gone up by 52% in last two years.
Our saints have conveyed the message of goodwill, equality and social empowerment through their thoughts and deeds.
Prime Minister also interacted with the volunteers of MyGov platform, the citizen engagement platform created within two months of the formation of the government.
Climate resilient development calls upon us to utilise all available resource streams.
The money can be used productively in the days to come.
During the period of four years we tried to empower the poor.
Quoting from scriptures, the Prime Minister said that if we do not take the right step at the right time, we do not achieve desired results.
Our defence ties are among the strongest for both.
Greetings to the people of Jharkhand on their statehood day.
Our government has spent more than Rs. 10,600 crores in this sector in the three years.
You would be happy to note that DRDO has constructed this monument as a tribute to Abdul Kalam Ji.
We have initiated the Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Mission to bring in economic, social and basic development of the rural areas in a cluster model.
It was a privilege for India to play a role in conservation works of temples in Cambodia, Myanmar, Lao PDR and Vietnam.
We all have before us the extremely inspiring example of our former President Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam.
We also want medical instruments to be made in India, he added, saying that the sector must also keep pace with the technological advancements globally.
The Governing Council of NITI Aayog is the premier body tasked with evolving a shared vision of national development priorities, sectors and strategies with the active involvement of States in shaping the development narrative.
I call upon you to give this a serious thought and come up with a plan.
Following is the text of the Prime Minister’s address:
The Sochi Summit manifested the role of interaction and cooperation between India and Russia in building a multi-polar world order.
He said that just like the Kumbh Mela, Indian Parliamentary elections, with their huge scale and complete impartiality, can be a source of inspiration for the world at large.
India also moved up 19 places on the Logistics Performance Index of 2016 of World Bank;
Benefits of India’s success are available to our partners!
He observed that the projects for which foundations stones were laid in Varanasi have been completed in time.
A national highway has been constructed in 2017 through our village Bhinnar.
Over 32 lakh houses have been completed in rural areas in FY17.
• 75th anniversary of uit India Movement falls on 9th August .
Cabinet also approves the Renewal of the MoU between ICAI & ICAEW
Integrated Infrastructure package for walled city of Udaipur Elevated Road Project for Ajmer Water Supply and Sewerage projects in Ajmer, Bhilwara, Bikaner, Hanumangarh, Sikar and Mount Abu.
As I arrived in Aizawl a short while ago, I was thrilled to witness once again, the enchanting beauty of Mizoram: the “Land of the Hill People.”
The Prime Minister recalled that for forty years, our ex-servicemen longed for ‘One Rank, One Pension’.
Freedom fighters who suffered outside British India/spouses
Following are the salient features of the Bill:
Sadly, these ideologies of hate and their proponents in our region are not open to dialogue and hence only open to causing death and destruction.
Speaking on the occasion, he recalled that today is 26th November – the day that a deadly terror attack had struck Mumbai, and police had bravely fought against terrorists.
23. The Sides appreciated the efforts to further cement and institutionalize cooperation between Indian States and Russian Regions.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the proposals for
(e) Any other areas as may be mutually decided upon to promote cooperation as envisaged under this MOC.
Under this JDI, the required institutional framework will be developed to provide fund support to the IGCS at IIT, Madras by DST and BMBF.
15.Considering that both countries have huge diaspora communities abroad, the Leaders agreed on exchanging views, information and share best practices with respect to the participation of networks, organizations and individuals in their diasporas in the development of communities of their origin and their residence, as well as for the welfare and protection of their respective nationals in foreign countries.
The programme through the targets will strive to reduce the level of stunting, under-nutrition, anemia and low birth weight babies.
He said the projects dedicated today, would help both infrastructure and connectivity.
Any effort at thwarting environmental degradation would lead to environmental equity in the sense of availability of sound environmental resources to all sections of the society.
The movement is a part of ongoing activities under the aegis of the Swachh Bharat Mission, launched on October 2nd, 2014, by the Prime MinisterNarendra Modiaimed at achieving a Clean and Open Defecation Free (ODF) India by 2nd October, 2019.
43. More than 14000 un-electrified villages have been electrified.
He called upon the students to be at the centre of changing trends across the globe.
PM also addressed New India Youth Conclave in Surat.
It is an important step by India to enhance co-operation with the entire South Asia… it is an invaluable gift.
Breaking the law is not a viable alternative.
Setting-up of the IPPB to further financial inclusion was one of the budgetary announcements during 2015-16.
Tomorrow, we will have the privilege to celebrate your outstanding accomplishments as a distinguished leader who has family roots in India.
Ms. Patel also discussed bilateral cooperation in the spheres of skill development, infrastructure financing, innovation, energy, and ease of doing business.
iv) Medical Equipment;
There will be a value addition in tourism only when we travel not only as a visitor but also like a student and make efforts to assimilate, understand & adapt.
India is preparing to join the “Clean Seas Campaign” and make its contribution towards saving our oceans.
The President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan His Excellency Dr. Mohammad Ashraf Ghani was warmly welcomed on his working visit to India on 14 & 15 September 2016.
Ladies and Gentlemen.
The MoU will provide for collaboration on activities of common interest to support an integrated approach to rural poverty reduction through activities aimed to promote the economic empowerment of rural women, access of rural poor to natural resources and their sustainable use and social protection.
Over the years, the World Sustainable Development Summit has spread consciousness about our actions to preserve the purity of Mother Earth to all parts of the world.
The Prime Minister said that we are born after 1947 and thus, we did not have the honour to take part in the freedom struggle.
Minister of Science and Technology; Minister of Earth Sciences; and Minister of Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
18. Both leaders reviewed efforts to promote bilateral trade and investment ties between the two countries.
I was in a meeting with the Tourism Department recently.
A number of such rules have been included in this code which made it possible to unfurl the tricolor in public places.
The MoU will provide an opportunity to the ICAI members to expand their professional horizons.
School children from Dibrugarh in Assam, explained to the Prime Minister, their contributions towards making their school and area, clean.
The Amendment aims to improve
But more than that, Ganga is the giver of life.
– Renewable energy or power transmission; and
Highlights of Vibrant Gujarat 2019
Hockey maestro Major Dhyan Chand is a renowned name all over the world.
They said, “we would pay our tribute to him this way”.
There is ample evidence that practicing yoga helps combat stress and chronic lifestyle-related conditions.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji always envisaged the welfare of entire humanity.
The project shall encompass the following work:
Residents of the town thronged the streets to welcome the Prime Minister.
Given its commitment to climate goals, India needs to adopt effective strategies to place itself as a key driver of the mobility revolution in the world.
The MoU was signed on 10th February, 2018.
He said that though Swami Paramahansa Yogananda left the shores of India to spread his message, he always remained connected with India.
With Europe, we have a vision of strong partnership in India’s development, especially in knowledge industry and smart urbanization.
On top of it, due to continuous drought over the past couple of years, the usual water storage facilities have been adversely affected.
This is no longer just a government programme.
In Nagaland as well, tigers are seen as the forest guardians.
The occasion is to commemorate the serving of 3 billion meals by the foundation.
The big thing is, Parliament is for discussion.
a) postgraduate education;
The tag line of DefExpo this year is “‘India: The Emerging Defence Manufacturing Hub” to showcase India’s capability in export of defence systems and components.
In Herat, in Afghanistan, on the India Afghan Friendship Dam, Salma Dam, Yoga added a new aspect to India’s friendship.
He said their observations and feedback should be shared with the OTs before the end of the Foundation Course.
They underscored the importance of pluralism, democracy, and rule of law as key values to achieve peaceful co-existence.
Let me share just one statistic.
President Ram Nath Kovind presented the Gandhi Peace Prize for the years 2015, 2016, 2017 & 2018, at a function in Rashtrapati Bhawan today.
The same ethos was reflected in the doctrine of trustee-ship, advocated by Mahatma Gandhi.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
He said the Jan Dhan Yojana is one example of this, and increasing “ease of living” has been the focus of the Union Government.
The 13.5 km long, Khapri- Sitabuldi section of the Nagpur Metro was inaugurated through the digital unveiling of plaque.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries who featured in the presentation today, was evident to everyone present at the gathering.
South Africa is an emerging tourism source markets for India (India received approximately 51922 tourists from South Africa in 2015).
Inquisitiveness has played a significant role in the journey of progression of human life and development.
So, avoid doing that.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the 12th Plan Proposal of the DARE/ICAR Plan Scheme of the ‘Establishment of Indian Agricultural Research Institute (lARI)-Jharkhand’.
All the prevalent systems of Yoga, all the functioning Yoga institutions, all the different Yoga Gurus, I have urged all of them to run a successful campaign this entire year on how to defeat Diabetes through Yoga.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered former Prime Minister Shri Rajiv Gandhi, on his birth anniversary.
He said that NCC cadets inspire confidence about the future of India, and instill pride about the strength of our youth.
Have a happy and blessed Uttarayan” the Prime Minister said.
Mr. Dmitriy Rogozin Director of ROSCOMOS
Exchange & training of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and experts;
However, insufficient interest was visible amongst the prospective bidders.
His work will continue to draw people towards the joys of Sufi music.
In remembrance of these great men, on the foundation day of these two states, we should take the pledge of taking our state, our country, our society, our city, and our family to glorious heights in 2022, when we celebrate 75 years of independence.
Today, Singapore’s economy depends a lot on transshipment.
He had advance information that Chandra ShekharJi was about to tender his resignation.
Space is a new area of our bilateral cooperation.
Have you ever thought how many poor people can be fed if we don’t thus waste our food?
It was noted that an amount of Rs. 3214 crore has been collected so far by the 12 mineral-rich States, and a much larger amount is expected to be collected in due course.
On NarendraModi App I received thousands of innovative and useful suggestions.
Rules are being simplified to ensure that Consumer grievances are redressed in a time-bound manner and at least possible cost.
In this regard, Prime Minister urged the Police forces to make Police Stations more citizen friendly.
These steps are building momentum towards real-time transfer of information, knowledge and skills to farmers.
The two leaders held in depth discussions on major international issues.
The Prime Minister mentioned Sir Chhotu Ram’s initiatives to provide remunerative prices to farmers, and also spoke of the steps taken by the Union Government in this regard.
Though we are celebrating 25 years of our partnership, our shared voyage goes back thousands of years.
The Prime Minister said that infrastructure projects are crucial to the progress of the country.
Health and Life Sciences
The violence and arson seen in the last two days is only causing loss to the poor, and to our nation’s property.
Culminating a decade of partnership on civil nuclear issues, the leaders welcomed the start of preparatory work on site in India for six AP 1000 reactors to be built by Westinghouse and noted the intention of India and the U.S. Export-Import Bank to work together toward a competitive financing package for the project.
He emphasized that there should be no discrimination between boys and girls.
It has a direct effect on the purchasing power of the poor and the middle class.
It also seeks to align other policies for medical devices and equipment with public health goals.
In a way, a wave of positivity which emanated from India spread all over the world.
6. It is our responsibility to convert our Swaraj into Suraaj, which can not be done without sacrifice, discipline and staunch resolution 7.
PM highlighted the link between the health and the growth of the nation; he said if the children of the country are weak then its growth would also slow down.
He said that India’s present too, must be equally bright, and radiant.
He distributed certificates/cheques to women SHGs under Maharashtra State Rural Livelihoods Mission.
The Summit will provide a platform for brainstorming on agendas of global socio-economic development, knowledge sharing and forging effective partnerships.
Political parties are always under the scanner in this regard.
He will launch the 90,000 units’ EWS and LIG Housing scheme under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
Both sides noted with satisfaction that work on the road was already underway and agreed to facilitate movement of project personnel, construction material and equipment across the border through Zorinpui and Paletwa.
In particular, he called for innovative approaches in areas such as skill development and tourism.
3. Numbers of Stations on the Ring Line are 30.
Following is the text of Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Sweden and the United Kingdom.
She looked forward to working closely with Prime Minister for developing stronger bilateral ties and enhancing cooperation in tackling pressing global challenges.
Generally, October to March is the suitable time for tourism.
The Sides agreed to converge their efforts to eradicate terrorist networks, their sources of financing, arms and fighters supply channels, to counter terrorist ideology, propaganda and recruitment.
However, I want to draw your attention to the question – was our performance really good?
But it is not a test of your life.
By helping the poor make ends meet while they remain in poverty is also one of the ways.
Under your leadership, our relationship has touched new milestones.
Odisha has a dignified historical background and has a very rich cultural tradition.
And you must have noticed that when you are happy, you are smiling, you become relaxed automatically, and when you relax instinctively, you’re able to recollect very old things also quite effortlessly!
(TCIL) in the state of Texas, USA with authorization for registering in other states of USA for doing business subsequently.
The submarine recently returned from its first deterrence patrol, completing the establishment of the country’s survivable nuclear triad.
Shri Narendra Modi’s pet project, Swacchh Bharat Abhiyan, inspired by the teachings of Mahatma Gandhi, was launched on Gandhi Jayanti, October 2, 2014 in New Delhi.
President Sirisena will be present at the stadium in Jaffna, and Prime Minister Narendra Modi will join the event through video-conferencing from New Delhi.
· 3rd BRICS Young Scientists Forum – 25 to 29 June (Durban ICC)
The Prime Ministers acknowledged that terrorism and violent extremism are major challenges for the international community.
Subsequent attempts by MEA to sign this MoU did not fructify.
He shared his experiences with the Prime Minister today.
He said India’s aviation sector is growing tremendously, and there is a sharp increase in the number of people flying.
There was frustration with archaic policies and red tape.
Now the sale of Khadi has doubled.
Traditional sports and games comprise both varieties… outdoor and indoor as well.
This country is yours; also the future of this country is your children’s.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in sectors such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
In this mission of his, Saidul sold off family jewellery and raised funds through charity.
(i) Taking over Dr. B. Borooah Cancer Institute, Guwahati by Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) and bringing it under the administrative control of Tata Memorial Centre, an Aided institution of DAE; (ii) Augmentation of additional manpower of 166 posts in medical, paramedical and support positions.
One of our largest states, Maharashtra, has already adopted a plan of its own in this direction.
Ayushman Bharat Yojana and social security schemes are also going to touch their lives, PM added.
After this meeting, I feel they are going to gain a new momentum.
For this purpose, we need to have high quality debates and take major decisions so that the nation moves ahead on a fast forward track.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that this Centre would reflect India’s economic progress, rich cultural heritage, and our consciousness towards environment protection.
He said that the menace of terrorism has to be eliminated.
These measures too have increased the efficiency of energy use.
We call for greater efforts towards the conservation of the mountain eco-systems including bio-diversity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, earlier visited Vrindavan and Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh to serve the three billionth meal to underprivileged children from schools and for the Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas respectively.
Referring to the World Bank’s “Ease of Doing Business” Report, he asked the officials to assess the progress based on the parameters used in this Report.
It is a tribute to Jamunaji’s diligence that today, on the birth of every child,villagersplant 18 trees.
Kharif MSP at 150% of input cost to be announced next week, says PM States told to ensure payment of cane arrears by sugar mills
They reaffirmed that being multicultural, multilingual and multi-religious societies, India and Russia bring civilizational wisdom to address modern day challenges.
The Prime Minister said that the work being done by devotees of Ma Umiya has touched the lives of several people.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between National Institute for Transforming India (NITI) Aayog, and Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation (MEDRF) in the field of social, economic, industrial and regional development programs.
Humsafar Ajni (Nagpur)-Pune Train flagged off
Remember, catches win matches.
Japanese investors have faith in India’s economic future, which is marked with myriad opportunities.
The Prime Minister will press a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
He said these houses are also a symbol of women empowerment, as they are registered in the name of women.
Beneficiaries of these houses will celebrate collective Gruh-Pravesh across 26 districts.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the first Cadre Review of Indian Posts & Telecommunications Accounts and Finance Service (IP&TAFS) with the following salient features:
Well, was it in the interest of the nation or your clients?
“Great rowing by our team.
There might have been locks on newspaper houses, radio might have been speaking just one kind of language, still on the other hand, given the opportune moment, the citizens give an example of the power of Democracy.
We have tried to understand the pain points of businesses with regard to interface with government.
This session begins with the address of the President.
Friends, Bhartiya Jan Aushadhi Pariyojna has been launched to provide affordable medicines to the poor.
Two unmanned flights and one manned flight will be undertaken as part of Gaganyaan Programme.
I would give some examples:
In addition, despite adequate availability of stocks for consumption in the current season, hoarding and consequent profiteering is anticipated due to drop in production over previous year and hence further extension of stock limit would be needed.
We therefore launched the Ayushman Bharat Yojana.
It has also brought our nation closer.
Both Sides urged the developed countries to honor their Official Development Assistance commitments in time and in full and provide more development resources to developing countries.
In conclusion, I once again appreciate the efforts of the publishers of Dina Thanthi in the service of the people of Tamil Nadu.
Kenya is a valued friend and trusted partner of India.
People of North India may not be knowing what all is there in the South!
People come for work to Noida from other places and vice versa.
Lakhs of tweets were posted on Positive India hashtag (#), which reached out to more than nearly 150 crore people.
Girinka was initiated by President Paul Kagame in response to the alarmingly high rate of childhood malnutrition and as a way to accelerate poverty reduction and integrate livestock and crop farming.
He said Industry 4.0 has the strength to drive irreversible positive change in India.
He practised in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
Please don’t create any pressure for your children.
My dear countrymen, I am experiencing one thing every moment.
The estimated cost of the project, spread over 100 acres is Rs. 580 crore.
He added that this shows India can take big decisions and implement them swiftly.
On the Indian side, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Madras will act as the host institution for IGCS.
We will develop joint strategies to harness the potential for mutually beneficial cooperation in the field of deep sea exploration and development of hydrocarbon resources, polymetallic nodules, and other marine resources utilizing strengths in the field of maritime research and training to develop mutually beneficial cooperation.
“Looking forward to my visit to Afghanistan tomorrow.
In my speech at the Australian Parliament in 2014 I had spoken of legendary Bradman and Tendulkar.
In this context he spoke of India’s digital infrastructure, and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
Further, the scheme also caters to Hydro-meteorological observations and Flood Forecasting on common rivers with the neighbouring countries.
Rivers occupy a central role in India’s history and culture.
We agreed to prioritize defence and security cooperation.
Russia has developed technological solutions for satellite based tolling solutions.
Let me assure you, Excellency, that as you lead Myanmar to become a modern, secure, economically prosperous and better connected nation, India and its friendship will stand with you in full support and solidarity.
The fundamental reason for disturbances in Kashmir is cross-border terrorism promoted by our neighbouring country.
We wish to enhance our physical and digital connectivity; to see greater people to people links; to strengthen our institutional linkages; and, to leverage the modern interconnected world for the mutual benefit of all our people.
Usually, the country’s Television and electronic media do a variety of programmes on Yoga the whole year.
• All the political parties should condemn strongly this goondaism in the name of cow protection.
He said countries of the world wish to walk with India on the path of peace and stability.
His amazing explanation of the last destination of spiritual journey were his last words in an official programme.
The Goods and Services Tax that was introduced in July is India’s biggest economic reform measure ever.
Giving wings to our Yuva Shakti, DoNER has set up a Rs. 100 crore Northeast Venture Capital Fund.
We want them to be the engine that pulls India’s economy and society.
They also reiterated an abiding faith in, and commitment to democracy, development and peaceful co-existence.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today, addressed the ‘Make in India: India-Japan partnership in Africa and digital partnership’ seminar, in Tokyo.
And this is the unique attribute of India, that whereas we have our feet firmly on the ground with Yoga, we have our dreams to soar beyond horizons to far away skies.
This journey has reached its 50th episode today.
I extend my best wishes to all my countrymen for the various upcoming festivals and celebrations.
The arrangement approved by the Cabinet; would make available adequate and sustainable source of funding for NWs through institutional means of CRF.
In the course of over one hour, the Prime Minister interacted with a number of people, and was briefed on several development initiatives at the development hub.
This year on the occasion of World Health Day on the 7th of April, United Nations has focused on Depression, which is the theme this year.
The Bill will declare the existing Indian Institutes of Information Technology in Public Private Partnership as ‘Institutions of National Importance with powers to award degrees.
He called for a concerted effort to achieve visible results in three months, till Babasaheb Ambedkar’s birth anniversary on April 14th.
National Kamdhenu Mission and separate department of fisheries will help increase the livelihood opportunities for crores of farmers.
What is wrong in that?
And, ensure that piracy does not threaten our trade and safety of our seafarers, and there is freedom of navigation for all.
He said that the Tarakote Marg would provide an alternative route to the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgrims.
A day such as ParaakaramPrava reminds our youth of the glorious heritage of our Army.
He added that,“Our dedication to North East has been proven in the interim budget as allocation to North East has been increased by more than 21%. .”
“I will be in Manila on a three-day visit starting 12th November.
He said specific goals should be set on various parameters in definite short timeframes for these districts.
He has expressed his gratitude to Hon’ble Prime Minister for his guidance & Support.
he outcomes achieved under the NHM during the last five years and during the year 2017-18 are:
The one who forgives is valiant.
The Prime Minister will then proceed to Prayagraj.
India and Korea have enjoyed a strong diplomatic and long economic relationship.
The scheme would lead to development of infrastructure for the leather sector, address environment concerns specific to the leather sector, facilitate additional investments, employment generation and increase in production.
Integrated Cooperative Development Project aims to drastically improve the rural economy in Uttarakhand by giving a boost to the co-operative, farm and allied sectors.
How can villages plan programmes for their own development?
We have relations with America in the context of these fundamental points
Narendra Modi said that the Government is committed towards fighting all the menaces in the country, ranging from corruption to terrorism.
Officers have told me that they have been successful in securing zero liquid discharge.
ii. Establishment and operationalisation of IISER, Berhampur in a transit/ temporary campus from the Academic Year 2016-17, which will involve a cost of Rs.I52.79 crore, for the initial three years (2016-19), and ex-post facto approval of starting the academic session of 2016-17 from 1st August, 2016;
With this approach, Cabinet has approved the Umbrella Scheme of PM-AASHA with three sub-schemes i.e. Price Support Scheme (PSS), Price Deficiency Payment Scheme (PDPS) and pilot of Private Procurement & Stockist Scheme (PDPS).
MyGov is a prime example of how technology strengthens democracy.
You must have seen that the maximum electricity generation since Independence has occurred this year.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is necessary for development today.
The MoU would lead to develop a joint activity in the field of application of space technologies for the benefit of humanity.
So, in the spreading unrest of our times, the world cannot forget the brave struggle that the Afghan people are waging – for themselves and our world.
We now experience how something grows naturally.
The Prime Minister mentioned about the benefits of the recently launched common mobility card, the One Nation-One Card.
He visited the Sant Kabir Cave, and unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of Sant Kabir Academy, which will highlight the great saint’s teachings and thought.
The above decisions will lead to overall welfare of socially and educationally backward classes.
He said that the thoughts of Swami Vivekananda will always inspire the youth towards nation building.
How to change the face of Rajkot, how to modernize the system of Rajkot, this is going to be done by our college going young generation.
A big cleanliness drive was conducted there.
We urge concerted efforts to counter terrorism under the UN auspices on a firm international legal basis.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister expressed happiness at the World Bank’s continued support to India, especially in priority areas like Smart Cities, Ganga Rejuvenation, Skill Development, Swachh Bharat and Power for All.
He said people from across the world must also come to see India conduct its Parliamentary election.
You should prepare a roadmap for that historic occasion from today itself to scale new heights for the institution and its character.
She has taken up this in a mission mode and is bringing others into its fold.
Besides our innocent children lost their lives in a hospital.
(e) Terminally ill convicts.
The total 5.33 MMT capacity under Phase-I of the SPR programme is currently estimated to supply approximately 95 days of India’s crude requirement according to the consumption data for FY 2017-18.
“Appalled by the horrific attack in Nice.
These numbers show that only 32 lakh people in the country reveal their income to be more than ten lakh rupees.
Such was his soldier discipline.
Humanitarian and Disaster Relief efforts, Security cooperation, and Freedom of Navigation will be key focus areas for our Maritime cooperation.
I believe we are at a moment of great opportunity in our ties with Sri Lanka.
In this context, I am disappointed that even now, we do not have a municipal bond market.
It is expected that this will foster and strengthen the eco-system of innovation and techno-entrepreneurship in India and will contribute directly to the Start-up India programme.
But I am clear in my belief on how to win the war against separatism, which is spread by a handful of people.
Chandigarh Administration approved a scheme namely “Self-financing Housing Scheme — 2008” for employees of Chandigarh Administration, Accordingly, total land area of 73.3 acre was earmarked for construction of 3930 Dwelling Units for the UT Employees.
He said that Shri Naidu laid emphasis on responsibility (Karyabhaar), above all else.
The outlay for this project is Rs.2,351.38 crore to usher in digital literacy in rural India by March,.2019.
My dear countrymen, with the onset of rainy season, there is also an onset of festival season in our country.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Viswanathan Anand on winning World Rapid Chess Championship.
As they say in Portuguese “A uniao faz a forca” – ‘our union makes us stronger’.
These farmers have formed a cooperative society in Munar village and set-up a biscuit factory there.
They oppose the use of chemical weapons anywhere, at any time, by anybody, under any circumstances and are committed to strengthening the effective implementation of the Chemical Weapons Convention.
He made everyone feel that he or she was very important and absolutely necessary for the country.
It has been an endeavour of the Ministry to popularize the handloom products among younger generation.
The new Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
I respectfully salute Saint Ramanujacharya and pay tributes to him.
He dedicated the new 750 bed annexe of Guru GobindSingh Hospital to the nation and unveiled various SAUNI projects.
5. What do you think of the Modi Government’s move of banning old Rs 500 & Rs 1000 notes? a.
The Saubhagya Scheme has been launched a few days ago to provide free electricity connections to the poor people.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Sampla, Rohtak on October 9, 2018.
Congratulations to the team.
From remote villages to Metro cities, from farmers to young professionals … the array just prompted me to embark upon this journey of ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
Under the Comprehensive Primary Health Care aspect of Ayushman Bharat, we will provide preventive and curative services at primary care level to people near their homes.
a) motor vehicles for transport of not more than thirteen persons, including the driver [falling under sub-headings 870210, 8702 20, 8702 30 or 8702 90]; and
The NCSK Act ceased to have effect from 29.2.2004.
With the inauguration of both cancer hospitals, Varanasi is set to become an important centre for quality treatment and care in Cancer related ailments.
With the help of technology, we are trying to promote honesty and transparency in the country.
Today we share the same place of pride.
People are also voicing their difficulties.
Why was the Benami property law not enforced earlier?
• Both sides reiterated the importance of advancing negotiations for swift conclusion of Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership negotiations.
35. Leaders welcomed the establishment of the South Asian Regional Representative Office of the European Investment Bank (EIB) in India and noted that its investments, especially in urban mobility and renewable energy projects, will support India-EU collaboration on the Climate Agenda.
We will work towards the implementation of the Strategic Vision for Strengthening Cooperation in Peaceful Uses of Atomic Energy signed between the two countries on December 11, 2014.
He said Surendranagar district tends to benefit a lot from the waters of the Narmada.
The Standard Operating Procedure for issue of export authorizations has been simplified and put in public domain.
Addressing a public gathering at Aaure village on the outskirts of Varanasi, PM said that his Government is working on two fronts to give a boost to development.
I heartily welcome all these youth, honour them and offer my respects to them.
He said that after the Green Revolution, the emphasis now is on milk production, honey production, and also on poultry and fisheries.
“Extremely saddened by the loss of lives due to the collapse of an under-construction flyover in Varanasi.
Narendra Modi believes in honouring national heroes, those who have sacrificed a lot for the unity, security, sovereignty and development of our beloved nation.
In Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bhutan and Maldives, our overall engagement in infrastructure, connectivity, energy and development projects is a source of progress and stability in the region.
21 AIIMS are operating in the country or are under different phases of rapid construction.
The whole world is be wildered at the way they held on with courage and patience, without losing hope, despite the odds against them in the water-logged dark cave.
In addition to this, another scheme is being put in place for the neo middle and middle class in rural areas.
The Heads of State, Heads of Government and Leaders from Bangladesh, Bhutan, Myanmar, Nepal, Sri Lanka, and Thailand, that together with India, collectively constitute the BIMSTEC, are in Goa as the special guests to 8th BRICS Summit.
In the visitors book, the Prime Minister wrote that the country is proud of the Armed Forces who are dedicated and committed to protecting the Motherland.
Every person has his or her own importance, every person possesses a sagacious aura, Mahaatmya, in a unique manner.
The Prime Minister said a combination of modern scientific methods and traditional agricultural knowledge would bring about the best possible results.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed happiness at the patient and orderly manner in which the citizens are getting the notes exchanged in banks following the cancellation of the legal tender character of the high denomination bank notes of Rs.500 and Rs.1000.
I have named it Rudraksh – the symbol of love, and a Prasad of Lord Shiva to Humanity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has remembered Swami Vivekananda, on his Jayanti.
India condemned the recent terrorist attacks in northern Rakhine State, wherein several members of the Myanmar security forces lost their lives.
Mr. Ved Pal Additional Member (Planning), Railway Board
The Government of India attaches the highest priority to job creation.
It also boosts the exports of the country.
But why should we restrict ourselves to just have the feeling of hatred against corruption, why should we just express our anguish and anger against corruption?
And innovation is not possible without science and technology.
A while ago, I had a chance to have an indirect dialogue, with young friends from Karnataka.
The Salt Satyagraha March,well known as the Dandi March of 1930 has been a landmark event in the history of India’s freedom struggle.
Our objective should be to reach out to the dalits, oppressed, underprivileged and to those who did not have any access to these benefits.
The combined impact on the exchequer on account of both DA and DR would be Rs.3068.26 crore per annum and Rs.2045.50 crore in the financial year 2017-18 (for a period of 8 months from July, 2017 to February, 2018).
We are committed to establishing two Defence Industrial Corridors – one right here in Tamil Nadu, and one in Uttar Pradesh.
2. Phased Manufacturing Programme (PMP) valid for 5 years till 2024 to support setting up of a few large-scale, export-competitive integrated batteries and cell-manufacturing Giga plants in India.
ii. Now the Indian carriers can operate to any points in Georgia from any points in India.
The Prime Minister lauded Ayushman Bharat Yojana and said that more than 7 lakh people have availed the benefits under the scheme within a span of 100 days.
The Cabinet today approved the establishment of a Bodo Musuem-cum-language and cultural study center, modernization of existing All India Radio Station and Doordarshan Kendra at Kokrajhar and naming a Superfast Train passing through BTAD as ARONAI Express.
Our country is also facing this problem.
We look forward to early implemntation of the B.B.I.N. Motor Vehicles Agreement.
ITPO has stated that the entire project is expected to be completedby September 2019.
The outrage that singes your being and mine on account of the terrorizing violence replicates itself in the collective inner psyche’ of every citizen of the country; it also echoes in pro-humanity communities of the world, which sincerely believe in humanity.
Malaysian companies are participating in many of our infrastructure projects across different states in India.
He said this enhanced connectivity between the northern and southern banks of the Brahmaputra, is an element of good governance.
In his address at the convocation, the Prime Minister said that technology is bringing about change in all spheres of life, and the youth of our country is keeping pace with these developments.
This will enable redevelopment of these areas to meet the emerging needs.
22. His Royal Highness Crown Prince welcomed Prime Minister’s initiative on Coalition on Disaster Resilient Infrastructure and hailed it as an important step towards disaster management.
I am delighted to begin the New Year with distinguished scientists from home and abroad in the holy city of Tirupati.
It also reflects our continuing commitment to realize the full potential of our Special Strategic and Global Partnership.
I am a retired teacher and will cross the age of 90 years within a few years and I am sending you a donation of fifty thousand rupees which you can use in this mission of providing relief from the Chulha smoke to the poor women.
A highlight of the Goa Summit will be the outreach to the BIMSTEC countries.
He stressed on the importance of increasing digital transactions across the postal and rail networks, especially using the BHIM App.
Every Indian is proud of the stupendous accomplishments of women in various spheres”, the Prime Minister said.
New employment opportunities were created for a number of people.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is linked to efforts towards a healthier India.
We dwelt at length on myriad facets of Netaji Subhash Bose, offering him tributes.
Indian missions overseas will organize special events on the occasion.
Our poverty or prosperity will have direct impact on the global poverty or prosperity.
Speaking of initiatives that benefit the people, the Prime Minister said that doing something on a small scale is not acceptable to the Union Government.
He participated in Swachh Shakti- 2019, a convention of Women Sarpanches and felicitated the women sarpanches from across the country with the Swachh Shakti-2019 awards.
One of the leaders said, Modiji do anything but get us out of this cycle of elections
We not only accept diversity, but celebrate it.
He said the process needs to be reversed, to eliminate middlemen and help raise incomes.
The main reason for disease is filth.
The decision will enhance domestic oil & gas production, bring substantial investment in the sector and generate sizeable employment.
Today, I got the opportunity to launch the new Chartered Accountancy Course Curriculum.
“Matter of immense joy and pride that the number of beneficiaries of PM Ujjwala Yojana has crossed 2 crore in less than a year!
“Happy Teachers Day!
The UN Sustainable Development Goals put us on the path of equality, equity and climate justice.
Many great revolutionaries embraced the gallows bravely.
Ekta, we all are proud of you.
The JWG will hold its meeting alternately in India and Iran once in every two years.
2. Net increase of 11 posts of Inspector General (SAG level).
Housing sector has the maximum potential for creating employment.
Honey is nature’s gift to mankind.
The Prime Minister also suggested excavations of areas to establish various missing historic links.
The programme will scout, mentor, reward and showcase ten lakh top innovative ideas focused on local needs from 5 lakh schools.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to those who lost their lives in the gruesome 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai.
The Triple Talaq Bill has been passed by the Lok Sabha although it could not be passed in the Rajya Sabha, I assure the Muslim women that the whole country stands by them to provide them social justice.
Every Indian requires security for which he needs a health insurance coverage.
But, their legacy is one of pride and sacrifice.
What is today, the tallest statue in the world, was first envisioned by Narendra Modi while he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat.
They have accepted ‘Swachhata’ as a ‘Sanskaar’ (culture), he added.
The talks were held in a warm, cordial and constructive atmosphere as befits the close and friendly relations between the two countries.
Hence, the Government feels that there is a continued need to monitor the various interventions and initiatives of the Government for welfare of SafaiKaramcharis and to achieve the goal of complete eradication of the practice of manual scavenging in the country.
The strength of 125 crore Indians will bring about change in this nation, he added.
But these small island nations are most affected by global warming.
No one can read the story of his life without being convinced that God alone is real and that all else is an illusion.
“The Kigali Agreement to the Montreal Protocol reached this morning is a historic occasion, which will have a lasting impact on our planet.
You are capable of it and there is no dearth of talent either.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that during the freedom struggle, newspapers became a very strong medium of expression.
But from Nineteen Forty Two to Nineteen Forty Seven, it was not an incremental change.
Despite rising oil prices, inflation is within the mandated range.
Our engagement and approach can be best encapsulated in just one word – connectivity.
PM said, “It is this Lok Sabha that passed the GST.
The MoU was signed on 12th September, 2017 during the State visit of H.E. Mr. Alexander Lukashenko, President of Belarus to India.
The Prime Minister reiterated the Union Government’s commitment towards the all-round development of Odisha.
Ambassador Haley conveyed greetings from President Trump.
• Initiate a multi-stake holder Innovation Partnership for a Sustainable Future, underpinning our mutual commitment todrive prosperity and growth and address societal challenges such as climate change and sustainable development through innovation.
Agreement for the establishment of India-Argentina Centre of Excellence for Information and Technology
From time to time thereafter, Government has been issuing notifications with the approval of the Cabinet, amending/keeping in abeyance the operation of the 2002 Order, whenever there is any abnormal price rise in any of the specified food commodities, for certain period.
• After in-principle approval, the Banks will take steps in accordance with law and SEBI’s requirements.
He said the presence of President Museveni at the event shows his love for the people of India, and the Indian Community in Uganda.
We will work together in development of high speed railways, dedicated freight corridors, and application of newer technologies for efficient rail transport through joint development and sharing of technologies, and training of personnel to benefit from each other’s competences in the railroad sector.
Also, this platform is being used to provide Annual Refresher courses for higher education faculty.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, chaired by the Prime Minister, had approved the construction, operation and maintenance of this tunnel between Baltal and Minamarg, on the Srinagar-Leh section of NH-1A, at a total cost of Rs 6800 crore earlier this year.
Due to sustained diplomatic efforts, since May 2014, more than nineteen hundred fishermen have been released by Sri Lankan authorities.
Giving a boost to road transport and connectivity in, the Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation Four Laned Section of Solapur – Tuljapur – Osmanabad of NH-211 (New NH-52).
The Union Cabinet chaired by the PM has given it’s approval the River Ganga (Rejuvenation, Protection and Management) Authorities Order, 2016.
The leaders agreed to forge a dynamic new India-UKTrade Partnership, to develop new trading arrangements as the UK assumes responsibility for its independent trade policy, facilitate investment in both directions and intensify collaboration on shared or complementary strengths.
This is a city which believes in harmony.
He said that the message of Sufism is not just confined to combating terrorism, but also encompasses his creed of “Sab Ka Saath, Sab Ka Vikaas”.
All the 100 smart cities will do well to understand how Gift city has been able to create its underground infrastructure which can compete with the best in the world.
We discussed the flood situation in the state.
For me, reforms are those policies that transform the lives of ordinary citizens.
We are seeing a surge of innovation.
Today, I’ve come here to showcase that new life to you people.
Lauding the brave hearts who sacrificed their lives in Pulwama, PM said the nation stands by them in this hour of grief and mourning.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi saluted the spirit of ‘Nari Shakti’ on International Women’s Day.
But as soon as you finish the examination and exit from the examination hall, suddenly you recollect that very word.
According to the Agreement, the ADNOC will fill up 0.81 MMT or 5,860,000 million barrels of crude oil at ISPRL storage facility at Mangalore, Karnataka.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between United States of America and India to enhance cooperation in the field of wildlife conservation and combating wildlife trafficking.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people of Himachal Pradesh on their Statehood Day.
We also reaffirm that there is a need to consolidate and reinforce this regime.
4. Continue to support and contribute to ASEAN integration and ASEAN Community building process, towards the realisation of the ASEAN Community Vision 2025.
We are proud that ours is a society based not only on tolerance, but on celebration of differences and diverse cultures.
India is now recognised by the International Energy Agency as one of the greatest success stories in bringing about rural access to energy in 2018.
In his address, Mr. Modi had said that Indian diaspora represents the best of Indian culture, ethos and values and are respected for their contributions.
Hers was a life devoted to the empowerment of the poor and marginalised.
I believe that we should infuse a new life, a new force into these organizations.
And, not just to meet our defence needs, but also to respond to regional and global demand.
Our domestic market has been fragmented.
• Milk booths authorised by State governments
The foundation of religion, philosophy and literature established during the Bhakti Aandolan, inspires us even today.
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
• A recognition of the importance of bilateral and international cooperation for combating cyber threats and promoting cybersecurity;
“Greetings to Indian Coast Guard personnel on their Foundation Day.
The form of co-operation under the MoU will be in areas like sharing good governance practices in public administration, User led service design, Reducing bureaucracy in service delivery, Government Process Re-engineering, Building and developing staff capability, Public Grievance Redress Mechanism, Local Government Reforms, Reforms towards strengthening of social security, Collaboration in strategies for promotion of ethics in Government, Collaboration between Government and Industry on staff management, Mechanisms for public engagement, Crisis and Disaster Management and Digital transformation of Government.
President Solih also briefed Prime Minister Modi on the dire economic situation facing the country as he takes office.
Innovators will receive commercialization and technology deployment grants upto Rs. 1 crore under the ANICs.
Our joint efforts:
Even as India stood on the threshold of independence, the fate of Africa was not far from our minds.
The State Government has also agreed in principle for transfer of the land.
It will provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth; satellite communication; satellite navigation; space science and exploration of outer space.
It will benefit cancer patients of South Gujarat and neighbouring states.
Prime Minister Modi appreciated the ongoing participation by EU companies in the flagship initiatives and called for their deeper engagement in India’s developmental priorities.
It will strengthen the vertical upscaling of the livelihoods of rural populations that are supported by DAY-NRLM, help to develop inclusive and sustainable value chains for key crops and agro-industrial products, employment diversification, skills development, especially for rural youth, strengthening of social protection, risk management mechanisms and enhanced resilience building, especially in arid and disaster risk-prone districts.
The Policy aims at:
We know it well that at the time of the freedom movement, the teacher who was engaged in teaching, the farmer who was tilling his land, the laborer who was working – all of them knew in their hearts that whatever they were doing, was contributing towards the independence of the country.
It is proposed to irrigate 33367 hectares area of about 100 villages of Dhule district.
His patriotic zeal and efforts for India’s freedom can never be forgotten.
13. Special focus on reducing Out Of Pocket Expenditure (OOPE) with intensification of Initiatives such as NHM Free Drugs and Diagnostics Services Initiatives, Pradhan Mantri National Dialysis Programme – Reduction on OOPE incorporated as a separate target.
The wording of the above provisions of the Act in its present form has resulted in continuation of a Chairman for an indefinite period as no suitable successor could be found eligible for appointment.
Jhulan Goswami is India’s pride, whose wonderful bowling helps the team in key situations.
This is a very important achievement for India and it is also an acknowledgement as well as recognition of India’s growing leadership in the direction of tackling climate change.
5. People of Tamil Nadu have lost their popular leader.
PM said that in order to conduct research on Sickle cell disease, a research center is being built at Chandrapur.
We should adopt BHIM App for transactions and make it a part of our economic activities.
Therefore, it is the responsibility of all of us in Government, at central, state and local levels, to protect the common man, help the honest, and isolate the dishonest.
He witnessed the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
It is simple because it can be easily learned and it is accessible, since it can be done anywhere.
The MoU was signed in New Delhi on 9th July 2018 during the visit of the President of South Korea to India.
First of all, I congratulate the newly elected deputy chairman Shriman HarivanshJi on behalf the entire house and myself.
He said the people of India stand shoulder to shoulder with those affected due to natural disasters, and the tragedy in Gorakhpur.
More than two thousand seven hundred lakh tonnes of food grains have been produced in the country this year.
Just yesterday, we approved a new Central Sector Scheme.
However, the movement in 1942 was in a way the final mass struggle that the fellow citizens were waiting for.
Our Institutions and scholars are recognised the world over.
This is much higher than the five to six per cent growth in the previous three years.
I believe her soul will continue to shower blessings for Tamil Nadu’s bright future.
The Prime Minister announced that India has set a target for complete elimination of TB by 2025, as against the global target date of 2030.
The cooperation arrangement will facilitate information sharing training and capacity building measure and learning from each others best practice to improve food safety ecosystem.
Whatever we eat is linked only to this soil.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended, and delivered an address at the event to mark the launch of the Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
He witnessed the e-Grih Pravesh of 25,000 beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana.
The ‘Panchteerth’ or the five pilgrimage centres are in a way tribute to Baba Saheb on behalf of today’s generation.
Addressing a gathering on this occasion, PM said, “For Ease of Doing Business, the infrastructure of this country must improve and extension of Surat airport is an effort in this direction.”
It is not just we who are saying this; it is being stated by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.
He will lay a wreath at the memorial, and light a candle at the Wall of Lost Souls.
He briefly visited the Drug Discovery and Research Laboratory at the Institute, accompanied by Swami Ramdev and Acharya Balkrishna.
Two brave sons of Maharashtra have also sacrificed their lives for nation.
The Prime Minister mentioned the emerging global consensus towards greater information sharing on illicit financial dealings, and said India had a key role to play in achieving this.
“India mourns the unfortunate demise of Marshal of the Indian Air Force Arjan Singh.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today visited Deekshabhoomi in Nagpur, where he paid floral tributes to Dr. Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar on the occasion of his birth anniversary.
He has expressed a great pain, others have also.
Greeting the Teachers’ community, and paying tribute to Dr. S. Radhakrishnan on Teachers’ Day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that teachers inspire as well as inform, educate and enlighten.
And we both are committed to take these relationships to a new level.
Let us keep working together to ensure clean rivers for India’s growth.
Our doors are closed to them.
The cost of the project is Rs.1351 crore.
The mission of HCT is to be a key education fundamental pillar on which a modern nation is built.
We have a Special Strategic and Global Partnership.
The MoU was signed on 15th January, 2018 during the visit of Minister of Law & Justice and Electronics & Information Technology, Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad to Sri Lanka.
This is the way it should be.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of Cheti Chand.
In fact, 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the Japanese people.
He expressed happiness that Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust is following the path laid down by Saibaba.
The Minamata Convention on Mercury will further urge enterprises to move to mercury-free alternatives in products and non-mercury technologies in manufacturing processes.
Held at the same time in New Delhi, in the first Conference of Members of Parliament and Mayors with Indian heritage, there was a large representation from ASEAN countries.
Modern Yoga practices often include various elements of ancient wisdom.
On 31st December, the Prime Minister will deliver the inaugural address, via video conference, for the 85th Sivagiri Pilgrimage Celebrations, at Sivagiri Mutt, Varkala, Kerala.
The annual production of such products is in excess of Rs. 2 lakh crore.
And do share your “clean beautiful toilet” photos with me on #MylzzatGhar on social media.
In India we are also working to formulate schemes which help consumers save money.
1. The present LTAs are valid until 31.3.2018.
This also augurs well for the tourism sector in the state, the Prime Minister said.
I have set a massive target of 175 gigawatt of renewable energy by 2022.
And we are also opening 18 new embassies in Africa.
It will also bear the contingent liability of Rs.110 crore (approximately) as decided by the Supreme Court in compensation for VRS liabilities.
This Act may be called the Constitution (Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes) Order (Amendment) Bill, 2019.
He recalled how on Netaji’s call, many youths from the Andaman had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
The sole aim behind this step is ensuring availability of Quality & affordable health service to the poorest of the poor, so that a healthy & prosperous India comes into being.
It is about how the poorest of the poor can benefit from development.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that the combination of “Information Technology” and “Indian Talent” would create “India Tomorrow.”
I heard your speech on the Chartered Accountants Day and was deeply impressed.
He emphasized the importance of cleanliness, hygiene and health, and said these aspects should also be accorded the highest priority.
Economic prowess of villages imparts momentum to the nation’s economic progress.
We will achieve our target of Housing for All by 2022.
At the national level to manage, an Ayushman Bharat National Health Protection Mission Agency (AB-NHPMA) would be put in place.
Minister for Energy, Saudi Arabia
1. The Agreement enables the competent authorities of India and Brunei Darussalam to provide assistance through exchange of information that is foreseeably relevant to the administration and enforcement of the domestic laws of the two countries concerning taxes covered by this Agreement.
Consequently, there will be no dividend liability for Railways from 2017-18 and Ministry of Railways will get Gross Budgetary support.
• Revised National TB Control Programme (RNTCP)
We are always motivated by his vision to transform lives of the needy, poor and marginalised.
I urge you to the utmost, let’s join this initiative.
I think that answer takes me to the next subject.
Even our festivals are replete with diversity.
This is one of the most important infrastructure projects in our nation.
Gandhiji’s first and only visit to Sri Lanka was about spreading the message of socio-economic development.
The problem is that we are unable to fully comprehend it even amongst those around us, and perhaps we also hesitate to talk about it openly, with our family and friends.
He said people from across the country are now participating in the development of this habit.
Central University of Karnataka, Gulbarga
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi called Mr Ibrahim Mohamed Solih and congratulated him on his victory in the Presidential elections held in Maldives yesterday.
Yoga has to be made popular among the youth, the senior citizens, men and women from all age groups through interesting ways.
We are also converging efforts aimed at food security that are linked to the wellbeing of our farmers.
I welcome all Acharyas, Saints for spreading the messages of Sant Sri Madhavacharya for moral and spiritual upliftment of human being.
‘Besabri’ is not a bad thing.
We commit to deepen exchanges, sharing of experiences, best practices, mutual learning and exchanges of personnel in taxation matters.
My thoughts are with his family and supporters in this sad hour”, the Prime Minister said.
He laid foundation stone for Greenfield Airport at Itanagar and Sela Tunnel.
India’s scientists have demonstrated this prowess.
The foundation for the progress of India is the rise of its villages; so if we all keep laying stress on the progress of the villages, we shall continue to get the desired results.
· We want to produce energy in a cleaner way.
He said the focus is on providing next generation infrastructure, and integration of the transport sector.
The Prime Minister said that Indian values and culture offer solutions to many problems being faced by humanity.
He assured the people that strict action will be taken against elements working against the nation.
The Prime Minister said that modern infrastructure has been built at a rapid pace in the last four years.
The budget has ensured the following – remunerative price of crop to the farmer, upliftment of the poor with welfare schemes, respecting honesty of tax paying citizen, support to the spirit of entrepreneurs with a right tax structure and hailing the contribution of senior citizens to the country.
Now government has made a stringent provision that 70 per cent of the payment received from buyers will be kept in an “Escrow” account and this amount will be spent on that project only.
i. Establishment of a Central and corresponding State Allied and HealthcareCouncils; 15 major professional categories including 53 professions in Allied and Healthcare streams.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that these great men are indispensable part of our country’s history.
This 470-bedded hospital with state of art facilities will provide quality treatment on all disciplines of medicine.
· 3rd Working Group on ICT Cooperation (Senior Officials) Meeting (Durban)
India’s Act East Policy is shaped around the ASEAN, and its centrality in the regional security architecture of the Indo-Pacific region is evident.
He wrote on my app that we should spend half an hour every day with friends and family to feel relaxed.
Their heroic sacrifices inspire us.
The North East region has turned to be a hub of organic farming.
The Kyrgyz-India Mountain Bio-Medical Research Center is an excellent example of successful collaboration.
And they said that they would not charge for overtime works between 6 to 8pm.
The Council’s work holds much promise for expansion of trade and business among BRICS countries.
To the ever-lasting friendship between India and Japan,
The British were naturally not happy with this and the collector continually kept denying permission.
The Prime Minister said that if any money has been looted in India and has left Indian shores, it is our duty to find out about it.
The Prime Minister also laid the foundation stone of the Combined Project of Improvement in Water Supply and Sewerage System, as part of Area Based Development in Solapur Smart City, Augmentation of Drinking Water Supply from Ujani Dam to Solapur City and Underground Sewerage System under AMRUT Mission.
With this, the stage is set for 9th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit,scheduled to be held during January 18-20in Gandhinagar.
Centre is focusing on the development of infrastructure in the state.
Solar trees are installed to meet the energy requirements of the memorial complex.
On completion of these corridors, the Metro commuters will have more interchange stations which will connect the new corridors with the existing lines of Delhi Metro.
Your gracious presence today speaks of the precious bonds of friendship and solidarity between our people.
The stake-holders will include researchers from scientific organizations, academia, R&D laboratories and companies from India and Indonesia.
The old or the young, men or women, city or village everyone has become a part of this Cleanliness campaign now.
Greater Noida, also envisaged as a satellite town to control the migration to Delhi, is planned to have a population of 12,00,000 and employment potential of 4,50,000 by 2021.
We should not ignore it.
From the birth anniversary of the great man who gave us the Constitution of India, to 24th April, the day Panchayati Raj was introduced in our country to empower our villages, which are the strongest link of our Constitution.
We have revamped our upstream policies and regulations.
India’s success in the ICT field, especially JAM i.e. Jandhan-Aadhaar-Mobile trinity and digital payment infrastructure, we are ready to share with Argentina.
The Prime Minister said infrastructure is extremely important for development, and the effort of the Union Government is to fulfil the dreams and wishes of the people.
It will also promote agro-based industries and generate employment opportunities for holistic and sustainable development of the agriculture sector in the eastern region.
Presently, about seven thousand Indian soldiers are associated with UN Peacekeeping initiatives which is the third highest number of soldiers from any country.
The interaction covered the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana – ‘Saubhagya’ scheme, through video bridge.
It is a journey which offers the exciting possibility of not only building a better balance sheet for your company but of building a better India, building a better America, and building a better world.
Just recently I had two memorable meetings.
This country can never forget Atalji’s contributions.
To this end, they decided to strengthen the Closer Development Partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, in pursuit of national modernization and greater prosperity for their peoples.
The Prime Ministers noted that the unique strengths of India and the Nordic countries offer immense opportunities for trade and investment diversification and mutually beneficial collaboration.
On my appeal, within a short time of around one year, more than one crore people have given up their gas subsidy.
Brothers and sisters, today everyone in the country is participating in celebrating the festival of honesty.
It is expected to generate more than 33,400 jobs in direct and indirect employment.
Other fields of life science industry
i) Drugs & Pharmaceutical products;
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
Foundation Stone of the 9 MMT AVU of the Barauni Refinery Expansion Project was laid by PM.
The bilateral agreement to execute the Punatsangchhu-II HEP was signed between India and Bhutan in April, 2010 at the approved cost of Rs. 3777.8 crore (March 2009 price level) with funding by Government of India as 30% grant and 70% loan at 10% annual interest to be paid back in thirty equated semi-annual instalments.
As you can see,this has now become a truly global event.
The role of the media in giving voice to the voiceless is commendable.
The Agreement will stimulate flow of investment, technology and personnel from India to Iran & vice versa, and will prevent double taxation.
If the children in our family are interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
To help the road accident victims, Good Samaritan guidelines have been incorporated in the Bill.
Around 150 kilometers from here, there is a slice of history in the city of Haifa in Israel that is very dear to my country.
He said that in the recent Union Budget, Grameen Retail Agriculture Markets have been envisaged.
“Deeply saddened by the loss of lives and devastation due to tsunami and earthquake in Central Sulawesi in Indonesia.
And it impacts many aspects of doing business.
India and US also share a common interest in protecting the homeland and vital infrastructures and in preventing disruption of global supply chain by terrorist attacks.
Friends in the northern part of India, especially Punjab marked Lohri.
The project is situated on North Koel river which is a tributary of Sone river finally joining the river Ganga.
He said the word “NAGAR” in Hindi can be taken to mean provision of “Nal” (Drinking Water), Gutter (Sanitation) and Rasta (Roads).
The Prime Minister encouraged replication, and scaling up of best practices from districts where good results are being achieved in a particular field or scheme.
The good news for our young friends is that the FIFA Under 17 World Cup is being organized in India, from the 6th to the 28th of October.
Navy ships carried the relief material to the island of Minicoy and also to Kavaratti and Kalpeni islands.
There is no room for corruption.
• Undertaking skill development and capacity building programs jointly in the fields of cybersecurity, efforts to combat cybercrime, digital forensics, and legal frameworks;
I extend my greetings to all our farmer brethren hoping for a bountiful rainfall.
Mr. Justice Chandramauli Kumar Prasad, Chairman, Press Council of India
The Prime Minister said that in the era of globalisation, we need to understand the changing trends across the world and the increased spirit of competitiveness.
Vide Central Government’s Order dated 15.2.2002, certain categories of foodstuffs were removed from the licensing, stock limits and movement restrictions.
Further addition of 2G bio refineries across the Country will spur infrastructural investment in the rural areas.
59. The Sides reiterated their commitment to further strengthen global non-proliferation.
The new scheme will broadly cover creation of infrastructure under following sectors:-
He said this indicates India’s quest for global benchmarks.
We believe in ‘Vasudhaiv kutumbakam’- entire world as one family.
They have nurtured it with hard work, grit and the spirit of innovation.
What kind of a mindset would be prevalent then?
He said the carnival parade presented at the function today had offered just a small glimpse of this diversity.
The five hundred and thousand rupee notes hoarded by anti-national and anti-social elements will become just worthless pieces of paper.
She had a prolific career in films made in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi, English and Malayalam.
21st June 2017 – Yoga has permeated the entire world.
India has affirmed it’s readiness to resume FTA talks with EFTA.
13. We reiterate our commitment to the strengthening of multilateral institutions of global governance to ensure that they are able to comprehensively address global challenges.
5. Grant-in-Aid to Government of Tripura for maintenance of Brus lodged in relief camps of Tripura.
The results of these efforts are now evident.
It is our duty to provide good quality and affordable healthcare to the poor, he added.
He said that the month of Ramzan is the time to recall the teachings and message of Prophet Muhammad.
I will have the honour to visit Phoenix Settlement and Pietermaritzburg Station, two places very closely associated with Mahatma Gandhi’s stay in South Africa.
He also mentioned Pullela Gopichand, who is mentoring and coaching many different players, after an immensely successful career as a player.
I see so many radiant and joyous faces here.
“Presented Myanmar President U Htin Kyaw a reproduction of a 1841 map of a stretch of the River Salween.
On 8th June, I will address a Joint Meeting of the US Congress.
The Prime Minister said that the feeling of “cleanliness being our responsibility”, needs to be inculcated among all.
The Hon’ble President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, presented the Outstanding Parliamentarian Awards at the Central Hall of Parliament.
O for Optimism;
Our scientists are also collaborating on developing more nutritious and hardy varieties of pulses.
In the initial phase, the land cost to the qualifying entrepreneurs from Medical Device and Equipment, Manufacturing Industry will be at a subsidized rate so as to attract others and the rate will go up gradually as the demand picks up.
14. Effective harnessing of available platforms for inter sectoral convergent action on health.
In our discussions today, President and I reviewed the full range of our relationship.
People from every corner of India were engaged in this work.
Over the past few years, my Government has renewed interaction and forged new partnerships across continents.
Arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
Earlier the scheme only covered bank loans.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and France in the field of energy efficiency / energy conservation.
He said that the aim is to create a new, modern Chhattisgarh.
It is the place, where processes drive progress, instead of people influencing processes.
He will visit a model Anganwadi Centre, and interact with Anganwadi workers and beneficiary children of Poshan Abhiyan.
He said he was honoured to have got the opportunity to pray at Deekshabhoomi.
Had we worked with the speed of 2013, an entire generation would have taken to connect the country with optical fibre.
Agreement on Scientific and Technical Cooperation between Indian National Science Academy (INSA) and the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus
Later, the PM would flag off ‘Kalam Sandesh Vahini’, an exhibition bus which would travel across various States of the country and reach Rashtrapati Bhavan on October 15th which marks the birth anniversary of the former President.
The Operations & Maintenance expenses on new AIIMS are also fully borne by the Central Government.
India is primarily an agrarian country.
The Prime Minister, will also distribute loan cheques to selected beneficiaries of Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Farmers Welfare Scheme.
Outlining his vision for farmers overall welfare in the country, Prime Minister said that government is working towards doubling the farmer’s income by 2022 and to provide farmers maximum price of their produce.
Trade and investment ties are on the upswing.
The two sides appreciated the positive deliberations held during the 12th session of the India-Saudi Joint Commission Meeting held in Riyadh in February 2018, for enhancing cooperation in economic, commercial, investment, cultural and technological fields.
All eligible industrial units, which are getting benefits of one or more components of other schemes of the Government of India, will also be considered for benefits of other components of this scheme.
Life is not confined to these only.
To establish a Joint Exchange Program to identify and foster talented young scientists from both the countriesto collaborate in the field of theoretical biology
Please look at the importance of your work and then choose your path.
• Exchange of experts specialized in the field of intellectual property
This has become a great opportunity for me to understand the hearts and minds of one and all.
17. Both sides deliberated on the progress made in utilization of US$ 500 million concessional Line of Credit extended by India to Myanmar in 2012.
We have brought in Soil Health Card.
For a long time, the small and medium enterprises or the MSME in our country had to pay higher taxes than the big industries.
Your visit has been most timely.
The ASEAN-India partnership will continue to grow.
Today, the farmers have technology to help them while they work hard in their fields.
One more problem has presented itself.
Free from all tension of success and failure, move ahead with a free mind.
(MIAL) at CSIA measuring 2960.90 sqm. with equivalent land of Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) for relocation of Cemetery.
His performance has made every Indian happy”, the Prime Minister said.
· First, we will strengthen the existing pillars of cooperation in areas that touch the lives of our peoples.
Attempting to know the universe, the laws of Nature, the inner recesses of the human mind is an unending process.
It relaxes you.
The decision will not have much financial implications as large number of posts are lying vacant and the present incumbents would continue to work in their existing capacity against sanctioned posts.
SICI shall also undertake such other activities, which will be recommended by Ministry of Human Resource Development based on new programmes and areas of cooperation between the two countries.
We have worked hard to promote manufacturing to create jobs for our youth.
Almost two decades ago, India had introduced the New Exploration Licensing Regime.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
Mr. Etienne briefed the Prime Minister on the strengthening ties between India and France in all sectors, including in the areas of defence and security.
Key events of this edition include-
The Prime Minister also stated that he looked forward to welcoming President Putin in India for the Annual Summit later thisyear.
For many years in India, the political culture of forming a very large cabinet was being misused to constitute jumbo cabinets not only to create a divide but also to appease political leaders.
28. Strengthen cooperation in education and youth sectors, in the form of setting up of English Language Training, Entrepreneurship Development and Vocational Training Centres, and granting of annual scholarships; such as Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation (ITEC) scholarships, ASEAN-India Goodwill Scholarship, Nalanda scholarship, and explore the possibility of setting up an ASEAN-India network of universities, and encourage other University to University exchanges, including with ASEAN University Network.
According to one estimate, more than 35 crore people in the world suffer from depression.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the loss of lives due to landslide related accidents in Himachal Pradesh’s Mandi district.
The Agreement is an enabling arrangement for movement of people across India-Myanmar border.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today held a Town Hall session with students on subjects related to examinations.
2. The Policy expands the scope of raw material for ethanol production by allowing use of Sugarcane Juice, Sugar containing materials like Sugar Beet, Sweet Sorghum, Starch containing materials like Corn, Cassava, Damaged food grains like wheat, broken rice, Rotten Potatoes, unfit for human consumption for ethanol production.
The draw for rewards will be done based on your use of such digital payment methods.
Prime Minister will unveil the plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of various development works of Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust.
About PM-SYM
I am happy to return after more than a decade, and I look forward to seeing the developments and advances Israel has made in this time.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed tax administrators at the Rajasva Gyan Sangam.
Bhopal and Indore
Under the scheme an overseas Indian can work for one to three months in an institution in India.
I also acknowledge the special significance that such an agreement has for Japan.
And, you being a soldier’ daughter should naturally take pride in that.
They have decided to give up cultivation of those crops that require a lot of water, like sugarcane and banana.
Prayers with those injured in the tragic train accident.
He unveiled multiple projects in the state.
There are no additional financial implications involved.
India is a party to WHO FCTC.
I and President Macri agree that terrorism is a very serious threat to global peace and stability.
Prior to 2004, there was no domestic Legislation under which foreign prisoners could be transferred to the country of their origin to serve the remaining part of their sentence, nor was there a provision for the transfer of prisoners of Indian origin convicted by a foreign court to serve their sentence in India.
The Prime Minister said the Government was committed to using modern technology such as underground mining and coal gasification, which would minimize disturbance to tribal settlements.
Mr. Charles Bastienne, Minister for Fisheries and Agriculture
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of Integrated Command and Control Centres at five North Eastern Smart Cities, through video conference from New Delhi.
(e) Board of the SPV will be authorized to approve revision in detailed cost estimates, break-up of quantities of project components, phasing of the project, change in scope etc. depending upon the requirement at various stages of project, within the overall approved financial limits.
“Namaskar, Pradhan Mantri ji, this is Neetu Garg from Gurgaon.
Simplification of the existing visa regime for business-men and tourists, and direct connectivity would further ease business and people-to-people exchanges.
North east is one region that has made grand progress in organic farming.
Hydrocarbons will remain the most important source of energy for many years to come.
The MoU will be mutually beneficial to both countries.
He also unveiled several other development projects in the state.
It will promote understanding of best agricultural practices in the two countries and will help in better productivity at farmer fields as well as improved global market access leading to equity and inclusiveness.
I felt glad that I met them.
The Prime Minister described the St. Petersburg Declaration, issued today, as a benchmark of stability in a turbulent, interdependent and interconnected world.
As the definition as contained in the policy is complete in itself, it has been decided to drop the reference to Drugs and Cosmetics Act from FDI policy.
It shows that besides Cricket, our people have so much involvement in and awareness and knowledge about other sports and games also.
I am aware that even in her childhood Amma was fond of giving her own food to others.
My young friends!
The Seoul Peace Prize has been awarded biennially to those individuals who have made their mark through contributions to the harmony of mankind, reconciliation between nations and to world peace.
Let us march forward and explore bigger potentials and brighter prospects.
The Rajasthan Government has requested for extension of Scheduled Areas in the State of Rajasthan under Fifth Schedule to the Constitution of India.
She brought the people together by infusing a sense of national-awakening.
Such is the power of a noble idea, backed by hard work and commitment.
We have released all files relating to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
One of the leaders spoke about Doklam.
Most of these villages were situated in Eastern India and the Northeast
Education, vocational training and skill development are other areas of your priority and where India is willing to offer all possible assistance.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister recalled the various occasions in the past four years when he had visited the State of Jammu and Kashmir.
3. exchange of printed materials, films, experiences, research and other information;
Former Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Ban Ki-moon Other members of Seoul Peace Prize Cultural Foundation,
The liberalization time frame began after 1992.
Believe it or not, accounts opened under the Jan Dhan Yojana today have a total balance of almost six billion dollars.
He said water is reaching Saurashtra with the blessings of the River Narmada.
The scheme would enable people in rural areas to construct new houses or add to their existing pucca houses to improve their dwelling units.
The programme of the Partners’ Forum will be framed around the objectives of the Global Strategy of Survive – Thrive – Transform.
This finds expression in a clear and responsible articulation of our national interests.
Excellencies and Friends,
The UK and India will also work together to tackle threats such as piracy, protect freedom of navigation and open access, and improve maritime domain awareness in the region.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved increasing of Government ownership in Goods and Services Tax Network (GSTN) and change in the existing structure with transitional plan as per following:
Today, most of our infrastructure projects are financed by the Government or through banks.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today launched various projects of Kandla Port Trust at Gandhidham in Gujarat.
Many of them played a decisive role in framing of our constitution.
BRICS should push for empowering the global governance institutions to reflect today’s reality.
The High Courts of Bombay and Madras were named after the cities in which they were located.
It was agreed to deepen the New Development Partnership in the areas of high impact projects in this field of infrastructure, human resources development and other capacity building projects in Afghanistan.
Otherwise the lives of peace loving people will be affected adversely.
India is a “guest country” at the SPIEF this year, and Prime Minister Modi is the “Guest of Honour.”
This faith and hope of the common people is going to ensure success in the cleaning of Ganga.
It is aimed at developing, promoting and strengthening mutual cooperation between the judiciaries of the two countries.
He said that this has so far been extended to 45,000 villages in the Aspirational Districts.
Your institution and the company secretaries of the country have an important role in curbing the black money and corruption.
I am also keen to interact with the Indian diaspora in Israel, including a large number of Jews of Indian origin, who have enriched both our societies.
The financial stability of the country will be maintained.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister paid homage to the martyrs from the region who had fought against British Imperialism.
With only two point four percent of the world’s land area, India supports seven to eight percent of the recorded species diversity.
Never was Black Money issue discussed in the G20 forum.
The drug then loses its efficacy and one has to fight the battle anew, develop new medicines, do new research; it takes years and till then these diseases create other complications.
Earlier in the day Urban Development and Information & Broadcasting Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu visited the family of the e-rickshaw driver at GTB Nagar in New Delhi.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
The construction of this tunnel will provide all-weather connectivity between Srinagar, Kargil and Leh.
Government has allocated enough funds over the last four and a half years for the development of Tripura.
We have taken decisive steps to ease licensing processes, and rationalize provisions and procedures relating to clearances, returns, and inspections.
Excellency, we are deeply honoured that you have chosen India for your first bilateral State visit abroad.
There was a time when the mother would demand to know when her son would be back.
And I especially urge the parents to create a festive atmosphere during these 3-4 months.
This year has been great for our sporting fraternity, with the Indian athletes excelling in various tournaments including Asian Games 2018 and Commonwealth Games”, the Prime Minister said.
Every parent must be experiencing this.
9.Stressed the necessity of developing a greater connectivity between the two countries and encouraging cooperation in the infrastructure sector, among small and medium enterprises, in pharmaceutical products, in energy, in the automobile sector, in Information and Communication Technology, in agriculture, in food processing and in other related sectors.
Now the youth of nation is getting jobs near their homes due to BPOs units opening all through out India, Prime Minister said.
After a maximum of 30 years of operation, the waterfront and associated land in a Major Port will be allotted for construction of berths, offshore anchorages, transhipment jetties, single point moorings etc.
The Government of India welcomes the UK initiative of establishing a UK-India Tech Hub in India as part of our growing bilateral Technology Partnership.
Also, farmers are at a risk of not getting appropriate price for their produce during the surplus production phase.
The Prime Minister reiterated his invitation to the Malaysian Prime Minister to visit India in the near future.
6. Both leaders appreciated the well-functioning bilateral institutional mechanisms in the fields of trade and investment, energy, defence and manpower and emphasized that the sectoral Joint Working Groups should continue to meet regularly to further strengthen cooperation between the two countries.
Junior Management Grade Scale–1 and above of Public Sector Banks, Financial Institutions and Public Sector Insurance Corporations will be treated as equivalent to Group ‘A’ in the Government of India and considered as Creamy Layer.
The world wants to know who the head of the state is.
Ladies & Gentlemen,
· To encourage farmers for oil palm cultivation in a bigger way.
MoU on Cultural Exchange Program for the year 2018-22
Three, we will keep our markets open and make it easier and more attractive to trade with India.
It means it will provide coverage to 45-50 crore people.
The price rise appears artificial as being mainly due to hoarding of sugar by traders/sugar dealers etc.
Upto 2013, for the past 70 years the direct tax payers were only 4 crore people.
The pay and allowances of Lieutenant Governors of Union Territories was last revised with the approval of the Cabinet with effect from 1st January, 2006 from Rs. 26,000/- (fixed) per month to Rs.80,000/- (fixed) per month plus dearness allowance, sumptuary allowance at the rate of Rs.4,000/- per month and local allowances.
Congratulations to the people of KallarMajra and of all those places who are making their best efforts to keep the environment clean and pollution free.
I hope this special day strengthens the bonds of unity, peace and brotherhood.
The main objectives of the MoU are:
But that stirred my mind.
It is important to have a house first, be it a small or a big one.
19. Both leaders reiterated the importance of an effective multilateral system as a key factor in tackling global challenges.
One young person learned to play wheelchair basket ball in order to be able to help the wheelchair basket ball team of differently abled, divyang players.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi spoke to UK Prime Minister Ms. Theresa May today and expressed solidarity with UK after the terror attack in Manchester.
It aims to provide onshore talent with an offshore technological and regulatory framework.
My dear countrymen,
This is Prime Minister Modi’s second bilateral visit to Germany.
Being Indians, it is but natural for us to feel elated.
I bring to you the greetings and good wishes of the 1.25 billion people of India.
Students sought the Prime Minister’s advice on subject and career choices.
The work of doors was completed during the tenure of Anandiben, even then hurdles remained there.
There must be innumerable incidents.
With the objective of conservation and protection of the coastal environment, Ministry of Environment and Forest and Climate Change notified the Coastal Regulation Zone Notification in 1991, which was subsequently revised in 2011.
It can be terminated by either Party after giving six months’ prior notice in writing to the other Party.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a proposal for revision of policy of Ministry of Defence for providing Defence land to Communication Operators for construction of Shared Communication Towers and allied Infrastructure, based on experience in implementing the policy and guidelines issued by Department of Telecommunications (DoT) for issue of clearance for installation of Mobile Towers.
He said farmers and scientists have to work together to transform agriculture.
I feel movements like these are beneficial for all of us, for the entire country.
Last month, on the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti, the Prime Minister had inaugurated the first ‘Health and Wellness Centre’ under Ayushman Bharat, in the aspirational district of Bijapur in Chhattisgarh.
The number of patents and trade-marks filed also show a great increase.
But India is much more than a market.
Total cash infusion for closure of company will be Rs. 1309.90 crore and non-cash infusion of Rs. 3467.15 crore in the form of conversion into equity of Government of India’s loan (including interest) outstanding as on 30.09.2016.
• Beginning 1st January 2013, a new social security legislation came into force in the Netherlands, consequent to which the Netherlands began to apply the “country of residence” principle on certain social security benefits exported to other countries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Joint Declaration of Intent (JDI) between Department of Science & Technology (DST), India and the Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF), Germany on Indo German-Centre for Sustainability (IGCS).
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today invited the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation – the ONGC – to take up a challenge, on the occasion of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay’s birth anniversary.
They are warmly accepted in the local community.
This App contains phone directory, News section, events list, health centre and information centre of the village.
Speaking of the achievements in sanitation, the Prime Minister mentioned that sanitation coverage has expanded from about 40 percent in 2014, to about 80 percent today.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post facto approval to the signing of MoU between India and Morocco in the field of mining and geology.
In this, the performance of some of the younger players deserves a special word of praise.
Rightly speaking we had no direct connection with that war.
In his presence, key global leaders, including Chinese President Xi Jinping, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to Chinese President Mr. Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, have visited Sabarmati Ashram to pay homage to the Mahatma.
Such areas shall continue to have an NDZ of 200 meters from the HTL.
The Prime Minister thanked the delegation for their words of appreciation and support.
He offered prayers at the historic Kedarnath Temple.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will meet and interact with a delegation of about 150 sugarcane farmers at Lok Kalyan Marg on June 29, 2018.
He said, “Our government started the Ayushman Bharat scheme from Jharkhand, the Ujjwala scheme started with the UP, Prime Minister’s security insurance scheme started from West Bengal, the handloom campaign started from Tamil Nadu, Beti Bachao Beti Padhao started from Haryana.”
In the first Bid round, 55 blocks, having an area of 59282 sq.km spreading across 11 States have been offered for bidding.
The Archaeological Survey of India has carried out structural conservation and chemical preservation work of this temple.
This is for advanced training of business executives especially from Indian SMEs.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people, on the auspicious occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi
Chengalpattu, located in the outskirts of Chennai, to setup a medical devices manufacturing park (Medipark) through a special purpose Vehicle.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today informally met all Secretaries – the topmost officers of Ministries of the Government of India.
The University will be set up as a Deemed to Be University under de novo category as per the UGC [Institutions Deemed to be Universities] Regulations, 2016.
The number is soon going to touch the 5.75 crore mark.
The Prime Minister said that it is unfortunate that the retiring Members will not be a part of Parliament, when the long due decision on Triple Talaq is taken.
