Thou shalt make also an altar to burn incense, of setim wood.
It shall be a cubit in length, and another in breadth, that is, foursquare, and two in height. Horns shall go out of the same.
And thou shalt overlay it with the purest gold, as well as the grate thereof, as the walls round about and the horns. And thou shalt make to it a crown of gold round about,
And two golden rings under the crown on either side, that the bars may be put into them, and the altar be carried.
And thou shalt make the bars also of setim wood, and shalt overlay them with gold.
And thou shalt set the altar over against the veil, that hangeth before the ark of the testimony before the propitiatory wherewith the testimony is covered, where I will speak to thee.
And Aaron shall burn sweet smelling incense upon it in the morning. When he shall dress the lamps, he shall burn it:
And when he shall place them in the evening, he shall burn an everlasting incense before the Lord throughout your generations.
You shall not offer upon it incense of another composition nor oblation, and victim, neither shall you offer libations.
And Aaron shall pray upon the horns thereof once a year, with the blood of that which was offered for sin, and shall make atonement upon it in your generations. It shall be most holy to the Lord.
And the Lord spoke to Moses, saying:
When thou shalt take the sum of the children of Israel according to their number, every one of them shall give a price for their souls to the Lord, and there shall be no scourge among them, when they shall be reckoned.
And this shall every one give that passeth at the naming, half a sicle according to the standard of the temple. A sicle hath twenty obols. Half a sicle shall be offered to the Lord.
He that is counted in the number from twenty years and upwards, shall give the price.
The rich man shall not add to half a sicle, and the poor man shall diminish nothing.
And the money received which was contributed by the children of Israel, thou shalt deliver unto the uses of the tabernacle of the testimony, that it may be a memorial of them before the Lord, and he may be merciful to their souls.
And the Lord spoke to Moses, saying:
Thou shalt make also a brazen laver with its foot, to wash in: and thou shalt set it between the tabernacle of the testimony and the altar. And water being put into it,
Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and feet in it:
When they are going into the tabernacle of the testimony, and when they are to come to the altar, to offer on it incense to the Lord,
Lest perhaps they die. It shall be an everlasting law to him, and to his seed by successions.
And the Lord spoke to Moses,
Saying: Take spices, of principal and chosen myrrh five hundred sicles, and of cinnamon half so much, that is, two hundred and fifty sicles, of calamus in like manner two hundred and fifty.
And of cassia five hundred sicles by the weight of the sanctuary, of oil of olives the measure hin:
And thou shalt make the holy oil of unction, an ointment compounded after the art of the perfumer,
And therewith thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the testimony, and the ark of the testament,
And the table with the vessels thereof, the candlestick and furniture thereof, the altars of incense,
And of holocaust, and all the furniture that belongeth to the service of them.
And thou shalt sanctify all, and they shall be most holy: he that shall touch them shall be sanctified.
Thou shalt anoint Aaron and his sons, and shalt sanctify them, that they may do the office of priesthood unto me.
And thou shalt say to the children of Israel: This oil of unction shall be holy unto me throughout your generations.
The flesh of man shall not be anointed therewith, and you shall make none other of the same composition, because it is sanctified, and shall be holy unto you.
What man soever shall compound such, and shall give thereof to a stranger, he shall be cut off from his people.
And the Lord said to Moses: Take unto thee spices, stacte, and onycha, galbanum of sweet savour, and the clearest frankincense, all shall be of equal weight.
And thou shalt make incense compounded by the work of the perfumer, well tempered together, and pure, and most worthy of sanctification.
And when thou has beaten all into very small powder, thou shalt set of it before the tabernacle of the testimony, in the place where I will appear to thee. Most holy shall this incense be to you.
You shall not make such a composition for your own uses, because it is holy to the Lord.
What man soever shall make the like, to enjoy the smell thereof, he shall perish out of his people.
And Josue rose before daylight, and removed the camp: and they departed from Setim, and came to the Jordan, he, and all the children of Israel, and they abode there for three days.
After which, the heralds went through the midst of the camp,
And began to proclaim: When you shall see the ark of the covenant of the Lord your God, and the priests of the race of Levi carrying it, rise you up also, and follow them as they go before:
And let there be between you and the ark the space of two thousand cubits: that you may see it afar off, and know which way you must go: for you have not gone this way before: and take care you come not near the ark.
And Josue said to the people: Be ye sanctified: for to morrow the Lord will do wonders among you.
And he said to the priests: Take up the ark of the covenant, and go before the people. And they obeyed his commands, and took it up and walked before them.
And the Lord said to Josue: This day will I begin to exalt thee before Israel: that they may know that as I was with Moses, so I am with thee also.
And do thou command the priests that carry the ark of the covenant, and say to them: When you shall have entered into part of the water of the Jordan, stand in it.
And Josue said to the children of Israel: Come hither and hear the word of the Lord your God.
And again he said: By this you shall know that the Lord the living God is in the midst of you, and that he shall destroy before your sight the Chanaanite and the Hethite, the Hevite and the Pherezite, the Gergesite also and the Jebusite, and the Amorrhite.
Behold the ark of the covenant of the Lord of all the earth shall go before you into the Jordan.
Prepare ye twelve men of the tribes of Israel, one of every tribe.
And when the priests, that carry the ark of the Lord the God of the whole earth, shall set the soles of their feet in the waters of the Jordan, the waters that are beneath shall run down and go off: and those that come from above, shall stand together upon a heap.
So the people went out of their tents, to pass over the Jordan: and the priests that carried the ark of the covenant. went on before them.
And as soon as they came into the Jordan, and their feet were dipped in part of the water, (now the Jordan, it being harvest time, had filled the banks of its channel,)
The waters that came down from above stood in one place, and swelling up like a mountain, were seen afar off from the city that is called Adom, to the place of Sarthan: but those that were beneath, ran down into the sea of the wilderness (which now is called the Dead Sea) until they wholly failed.
And the people marched over against Jericho: and the priests that carried the ark of the covenant of the Lord, stood girded upon the dry ground in the midst of the Jordan, and all the people passed over through the channel that was dried up.
Dearly beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits if they be of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.
By this is the spirit of God known. Every spirit which confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh, is of God:
And every spirit that dissolveth Jesus, is not of God: and this is Antichrist, of whom you have heard that he cometh, and he is now already in the world.
You are of God, little children, and have overcome him. Because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.
They are of the world: therefore of the world they speak, and the world heareth them.
We are of God. He that knoweth God, heareth us. He that is not of God, heareth us not. By this we know the spirit of truth, and the spirit of error.
Dearly beloved, let us love one another, for charity is of God. And every one that loveth, is born of God, and knoweth God.
He that loveth not, knoweth not God: for God is charity.
By this hath the charity of God appeared towards us, because God hath sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we may live by him.
In this is charity: not as though we had loved God, but because he hath first loved us, and sent his Son to be a propitiation for our sins.
My dearest, if God hath so loved us; we also ought to love one another.
No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God abideth in us, and his charity is perfected in us.
In this we know that we abide in him, and he in us: because he hath given us of his spirit.
And we have seen, and do testify, that the Father hath sent his Son to be the Saviour of the world.
Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God abideth in him, and he in God.
And we have known, and have believed the charity, which God hath to us. God is charity: and he that abideth in charity, abideth in God, and God in him.
In this is the charity of God perfected with us, that we may have confidence in the day of judgment: because as he is, we also are in this world.
Fear is not in charity: but perfect charity casteth out fear, because fear hath pain. And he that feareth, is not perfected in charity.
Let us therefore love God, because God first hath loved us.
If any man say, I love God, and hateth his brother; he is a liar. For he that loveth not his brother, whom he seeth, how can he love God, whom he seeth not?
And this commandment we have from God, that he, who loveth God, love also his brother.
And he brought me again to the gate of the house, and behold waters issued out from under the threshold of the house toward the east: for the forefront, of the house looked toward the east: but the waters came down to the right side of the temple to the south part of the altar.
And he led me out by the way of the north gate, and he caused me to turn to the way without the outward gate to the way that looked toward the east: and behold there ran out waters on the right side.
And when the man that had the line in his hand went out towards the east, he measured a thousand cubits: and he brought me through the water up to the ankles.
And again he measured a thousand, and he brought me through the water up to the knees.
And he measured a thousand. and he brought me through the water up to the loins. And he measured a thousand, and it was a torrent, which I could not pass over: for the waters were risen so as to make a deep torrent, which could not be passed over.
And he said to me: Surely thou hast seen, O son of man. And he brought me out, and he caused me to turn to the bank of the torrent.
And when I had turned myself, behold on the bank of the torrent were very many trees on both sides.
And he said to me: These waters that issue forth toward the hillocks of sand to the east, and go down to the plains of the desert, shall go into the sea, and shall go out, and the waters shall be healed.
And every living creature that creepeth whithersoever the torrent shall come, shall live: and there shall be fishes in abundance after these waters shall come thither, and they shall be healed, and all things shall live to which the torrent shall come.
And the fishers shall stand over these waters, from Engaddi even to Engallim there shall be drying of nets: there shall be many sorts of the fishes thereof, as the fishes of the great sea, a very great multitude :
But on the shore thereof, and in the fenny places they shall not be healed, because they shall be turned into saltpits.
And by the torrent on the banks thereof on both sides shall grow all trees that bear fruit: their leaf shall not fall off, and their fruit shall not fail: every month shall they bring forth firstfruits, because the waters thereof shall issue out of the sanctuary: and the fruits thereof shall be for food, and the leaves thereof for medicine.
Thus saith the Lord God: This is the border, by which you shall possess the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel: for Joseph hath a double portion.
And you shall possess it, every man in like manner as his brother: concerning which I lifted up my hand to give it to your fathers: and this land shall fall unto you for a possession.
And this is the border of the land: toward the north side, from the great sea by the way of Hethalon, as men go to Sedada,
Emath, Berotha, Sabarim, which is between the border of Damascus and the border of Emath, the house of Tichon, which is by the border of Auran.
And the border from the sea even to the court of Enan, shall be the border of Damascus, and from the north to the north: the border of Emath, this is the north side.
And the east side is from the midst of Auran, and from the midst of Damascus, and from the midst of Galaad, and from the midst of the land of Israel, Jordan making the bound to the east sea, and thus you shall measure the east side.
And the south side southward is from Thamar even to the waters of contradiction of Cades: and the torrent even to the great sea: and this is the south side southward.
And the side toward the sea, is the great sea from the borders straight on, till thou come to Emath: this is the side of the sea.
And you shall divide this land unto you by the tribes of Israel:
And you shall divide it by lot for an inheritance to you, and to the strangers that shall come over to you, that shall beget children among you: and they shall be unto you as men of the same country born among the children of Israel: they shall divide the possession with you in the midst of the tribes of Israel.
And in what tribe soever the stranger shall be, there shall you give him possession, saith the Lord God.
AND it came to pass, that when the multitudes pressed upon him to hear the word of God, he stood by the lake of Genesareth,
And saw two ships standing by the lake: but the fishermen were gone out of them, and were washing their nets.
And going into one of the ships that was Simon's, he desired him to draw back a little from the land. And sitting he taught the multitudes out of the ship.
Now when he had ceased to speak, he said to Simon: Launch out into the deep, and let down your nets for a draught.
And Simon answering said to him: Master, we have labored all the night, and have taken nothing: but at thy word I will let down the net.
And when they had done this, they enclosed a very great multitude of fishes, and their net broke.
And they beckoned to their partners that were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled both the ships, so that they were almost sinking.
Which when Simon Peter saw, he fell down at Jesus' knees, saying: Depart from me, for I am a sinful man, O Lord.
For he was wholly astonished, and all that were with him, at the draught of the fishes which they had taken.
And so were also James and John the sons of Zebedee, who were Simon's partners. And Jesus saith to Simon: Fear not: from henceforth thou shalt catch men.
And having brought their ships to land, leaving all things, they followed him.
And it came to pass, when he was ina certain city, behold a man full of leprosy, who seeing Jesus, and falling on his face, besought him, saying: Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.
And stretching forth his hand, he touched him, saying: I will. Be thou cleansed. And immediately the leprosy departed from him.
And he charged him that he should tell no man, but, Go, shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing according as Moses commanded, for a testimony to them.
But the fame of him went abroad the more, and great multitudes came together to hear, and to be healed by him of their infirmities.
And he retired into the desert, and prayed.
And it came to pass on a certain day, as he sat teaching, that there were also Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting by, that were come out of every town of Galilee, and Judea and Jerusalem: and the power of the Lord was to heal them.
And behold, men brought in a bed a man, who had the palsy: and they sought means to bring him in, and to lay him before him.
And when they could not find by what way they might bring him in, because of the multitude, they went up upon the roof, and let him down through the tiles with his bed into the midst before Jesus.
Whose faith when he saw, he said: Man, thy sins are forgiven thee.
And the scribes and Pharisees began to think, saying: Who is this who speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive sins, but God alone?
And when Jesus knew their thoughts, answering, he said to them: What is it you think in your hearts?
Which is easier to say, Thy sins are forgiven thee; or to say, Arise and walk?
But that you may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (he saith to the sick of the palsy,) I say to thee, Arise, take up thy bed, and go into thy house.
And immediately rising up before them, he took up the bed on which he lay; and he went away to his own house, glorifying God.
And all were astonished; and they glorified God. And they were filled with fear, saying: We have seen wonderful things to day.
And after these things he went forth, and saw a publican named Levi, sitting at the receipt of custom, and he said to him: Follow me.
And leaving all things, he rose up and followed him.
And Levi made him a great feast in his own house; and there was a great company of publicans, and of others, that were at table with them.
But the Pharisees and scribes murmured, saying to his disciples: Why do you eat and drink with publicans and sinners?
And Jesus answering, said to them: They that are whole, need not the physician: but they that are sick.
I came not to call the just, but sinners to penance.
And they said to him: Why do the disciples of John fast often, and make prayers, and the disciples of the Pharisees in like manner; but thine eat and drink?
To whom he said: Can you make the children of the bridegroom fast, whilst the bridegroom is with them?
But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, then shall they fast in those days.
And he spoke also a similitude to them: That no man putteth a piece from a new garment upon an old garment; otherwise he both rendeth the new, and the piece taken from the new agreeth not with the old.
And no man putteth new wine into old bottle: otherwise the new wine will break the bottles, and it will be spilled, and the bottles will be lost.
But new wine must be put into new bottles; and both are preserved.
And no man drinking old, hath presently a mind to new: for he saith, The old is better.
And when a long time was passed, after that the Lord had given peace to Israel, all the nations round about being subdued, and Josue being now old, and far advanced in years:
Josue called for all Israel, and for the elders, and for the princes, and for the judges, and for the masters, and said to them: I am old, and far advanced in years:
And you see all that the Lord your God hath done to all the nations round about, how he himself hath fought for you:
And now since he hath divided to you by lot all the land, from the east of the Jordan unto the great sea, and many nations yet remain:
The Lord your God will destroy them, and take them away from before your face, and you shall possess the land as he hath promised you.
Only take courage, and be careful to observe all things that are written in the book of the law of Moses: and turn not aside from them neither to the right hand nor to the left:
Lest after that you are come in among the Gentiles, who will remain among you, you should swear by the name of their gods, and serve them, and adore them:
But cleave ye unto the Lord your God: as you have done until this day.
And then the Lord God will take away before your eyes nations that are great and very strong, and no man shall be able to resist you.
One of you shall chase a thousand men of the enemies: because the Lord your God himself will fight for you, as he hath promised.
his only take care of with all diligence, that you love the Lord your God.
But if you will embrace the errors of these nations that dwell among you, and make marriages with them, and join friendships:
Know ye for a certainty that the Lord your God will not destroy them be- fore your face, but they shall be a pit and a snare in your way, and a stumblingblock at your side, and stakes in your eyes, till he take you away and destroy you from off this excellent land, which he hath given you.
Behold this day I am going into the way of all the earth, and you shall know with all your mind that of all the words which the Lord promised to perform for you, not one hath failed.
Therefore as he hath fulfilled in deed, what he promised, and all things prosperous have come: so Will he bring upon you all the evils he hath threatened, till he take you away and destroy you from off this excellent land, which he hath given you,
When you shall have transgressed the covenant of the Lord your God, which he hath made with you, and shall have served strange gods, and adored them : then shall the indignation of the Lord rise up quickly and speedily against you, and you shall be taken away from this excellent land, which he hath delivered to you.
When Ephraim spoke, a horror seized Israel: and he sinned in Baal and died.
And now they have sinned more and more : and they have made to themselves a molten thing of their silver as the likeness of idols: the whole is the work of craftsmen: to these that say: Sacrifice men, ye that adore calves.
Therefore they shall be as a morning aloud, and as the early dew that passeth away, as the dust that is driven with a whirlwind out of the floor, and as the smoke out of the chimney.
But I am the Lord thy God from the land of Egypt: and thou shalt know no God but me, and there is no saviour beside me.
I knew thee in the desert, in the land of the wilderness.
According to their pastures they were filled, and were made full: and they lifted up their heart, and have forgotten me.
And I will be to them as a lioness, as a leopard in the way of the Assyrians.
I will meet them as a bear that is robbed of her whelps, and I will rend the inner parts of their liver: and I will devour them there as a lion, the beast of the field shall tear them.
Destruction is thy own, 0 Israel: thy help is only in me.
Where is thy king? now especially let him save thee in all thy cities: and thy judges, of whom thou saidst: Q Give me kings and princes.
I will give thee a king in my wrath, and will take him away in my indignation.
The iniquity of Ephraim is bound up, his sin is hidden.
The sorrows of a woman in labour snail come upon him, he is an unwise son: for now he shall not stand in the breach of the children.
I will deliver them out of the hand of death. I will redeem them from death : O death, I will be thy death; O hell, I will be thy bite: comfort is hidden from my eyes.
Because he shall make a separation between brothers: s the Lord will bring a burning wind that shall rise from the desert, and it shall dry up his springs, and shall make his fountain desolate, and he shall carry off the treasure of every desirable vessel.
Let Samaria perish, because she hath stirred up her God to bitterness: let them perish by the sword, let their little ones be dashed, and let the women with child be ripped up.
Josias was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned one and thirty years in Jerusalem.
And he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord, and walked in the ways of David his father: he declined not, neither to the right hand, nor to the left.
And in the eighth year of his reign, when he was yet a boy, he began to seek the God of his father David: and in the twelfth year after he began to reign, he cleansed Juda and Jerusalem from the high places, and the groves, and the idols, and the graven things.
And they broke down before him the altars of Baalim, and demolished the idols that had been set upon them: and be cut down the groves and the graven things, and broke them in pieces: and strewed the fragments upon the graves of them that had sacrificed to them.
And he burnt the bones of the priests on the altars of the idols, and he cleansed Juda and Jerusalem.
And in the cities of Manasses, and of Ephraim, and of Simeon, even to Nephtali he demolished all.
And when he had destroyed the altars, and the groves, and had broken the idols in pieces, and had demolished all profane temples throughout all the ]and of Israel, he returned to Jerusalem.
Now in the eighteenth year of his reign, when he had cleansed the land, and the temple of the Lord, he sent Saphan the son of Eselias, and Maasias the governor of the city, Joha the son of Joachaz the recorder, to repair the house of the Lord his God.
And they came to Helcias the high priest: and received of him the money which had been brought into the house of the Lord, and which the Levites and porters had gathered together from Manasses, and Ephraim, and all the remnant of Israel, and from all Juda, and Benjamin, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem,
Which they delivered into the hands of them that were over the workmen in the house of the Lord, to repair the temple, and mend all that was weak.
But they gave it to the artificers, and to the masons, to buy stones out of the quarries, and timber for the couplings of the building, and to rafter the houses, which the kings of Juda had destroyed.
And they did all faithfully. Now the overseers of the workmen were Jahath and Abdias of the sons of Merari, Zacharias and Mosollam of the sons of Caath, who hastened the work: all Levites skilful to play on instruments.
But over them that carried burdens for divers uses, were scribes, and masters of the number of the Levites, and porters.
Now when they carried out the money that had been brought into the temple of the Lord, Helcias the priest found the book of the law of the Lord, by the hand of Moses.
And he said to Saphan the scribe: I have found the book of the law in the house of the Lord: and he delivered it to him.
But he carried the book to the king, and told him, saying: Lo, all that thou hast committed to thy servants, is accomplished.
They have gathered together the silver that was found in the house of the Lord: and it is given to the overseers of the artificers, and of the workmen, for divers works.
Moreover Helcias the priest gave me this book. And he read it before the king.
And when he had heard the words of the law, he rent his garments:
And he commanded Helcias, and Ahicam the son of Saphan, and Abdon the son of Micha, and Saphan the scribe, and Asaa the king's servant, saying:
o, and pray to the Lord for me, and for the remnant of Israel, and Juda, concerning all the words of this book, which is found: for the great wrath of the Lord hath fallen upon us, because our fathers have not kept the words of the Lord, to do all things that are written in this book.
And Helcias and they that were sent with him by the king, went to Olda the prophetess, the wife of Sellum the son of Thecuath, the son of Hasra keeper of the wardrobe: who dwelt in Jerusalem in the Second part: and they spoke to her the words above mentioned.
And she answered them: Thus saith the Lord the God of Israel: Tell the man that sent you to me:
Thus saith the Lord: Behold I will bring evils upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, and all the curses that are written in this book which they read before the king of Juda.
Because they have forsaken me, and have sacrificed to strange gods, to provoke me to wrath with all the works of their hands, therefore my wrath shall fall upon this place, and shall not be quenched.
But as to the king of Juda that sent you to beseech the Lord, thus shall you say to him: Thus saith the Lord the God of Israel: Because thou hast heard the words of this book,
And thy heart was softened. and thou hast humbled thyself in the sight of God for the things that are spoken against this place, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and reverencing my face, hast rent thy garments, and wept before me: I also have heard thee, saith the Lord.
For now I will gather thee to thy fathers, and thou shalt be brought to thy tomb in peace: and thy eyes shall not see all the evil that I will bring upon this place, and the inhabitants thereof. They therefore reported to the king all that she had said.
And he called together all the ancients of Juda and Jerusalem.
And went up to the house of the Lord, and all the men of Juda, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the priests and the Levites, and all the people from the least to the greatest. And the king read in their hearing, in the house of the Lord, all the words of the book.
And standing up in his tribunal, he made a covenant before the Lord to walk after him, and keep his commandments, and testimonies, and justifications with all his heart, and with all his soul, and to do the things that were written in that book which he had read.
And he adjured all that were found in Jerusalem and Benjamin to do the same: and the inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of the Lord the God of their fathers.
And Josias took away all the abominations out of all the countries of the children of Israel: and made all that were left in Israel, to serve the Lord their God. As long as he lived they departed not from the Lord the God of their fathers.
Our God is our refuge and strength: a helper in troubles, which have found us exceedingly.
Therefore we will not fear, when the earth shall be troubled; and the mountains shall be removed into the heart of the sea.
Their waters roared and were troubled: the mountains were troubled with his strength.
The stream of the river maketh the city of God joyful: the most High hath sanctified his own tabernacle.
God is in the midst thereof, it shall not be moved: God will help it in the morning early.
Nations were troubled, and kingdoms were bowed down: he uttered his voice, the earth trembled.
The Lord of armies is with us: the God of Jacob is our protector.
Come and behold ye the works of the Lord: what wonders he hath done upon earth,
making wars to cease even to the end of the earth. He shall destroy the bow, and break the weapons: and the shield he shall burn in the fire.
Be still and see that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations, and I will be exalted in the earth.
The Lord of armies is with us: the God of Jacob is our protector.
Then all the captains of the warriors, and Johanan the son of Caree, and Jezonias the son of Osaias, and the rest of the people from the least to the greatest came near:
And they said to Jeremias the prophet: Let our supplication fall before thee: and pray thou for us to the Lord thy God for all this remnant, for we are left but a few of many, as thy eyes do behold us.
And let the Lord thy God shew us the way by which we may walk, and the thing that we must do.
And Jeremias the prophet said to them: I have heard you: behold I will pray to the Lord your God according to your words: and whatsoever thing he shall answer me, I will declare it to you: and I will hide nothing from you.
And they said to Jeremias: The Lord be witness between us of truth and faithfulness, if we do not according to every thing for which the Lord thy God shall send thee to us.
Whether it be good or evil, we will obey the voice of the Lord our God, to whom me send thee: that it may be well with us when we shall hearken to the voice of the Lord our God.
Now after ten days, the word of the Lord came to Jeremias.
And he called Johanan the son of Caree, and all the captains of the fighting men that were with him, and all the people from the least to the greatest.
And he said to them: Thus saith the Lord the God of Israel, to whom you sent me, to present your supplications before him:
If you will be quiet and remain in this land, I will build you up, and not pull you down: I will plane you, and not pluck you up: for now I am appeased for the evil that I have done to you.
Fear not because of the king of Babylon, of whom you are greatly afraid: fear him not, saith the Lord: for I am with you, to save you, and to deliver you from his hand.
And I will shew mercies to you, and will take pity on you, and will cause you to dwell in your own land.
But if you say: We will not dwell in this ]and, neither will we hearken to the voice of the Lord our God,
Saying: No, but we will go into the land of Egypt: where we shall see no war, nor hear the sound of the trumpet, nor suffer hunger: and there we will dwell.
For this now hear the word of the Lord, ye remnant of Juda: Thus saith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel: If you set your faces to go into Egypt, and enter in to dwell there:
The sword which you fear, shall overtake you there in the land of Egypt: and the famine, whereof you are afraid, shall cleave to you in Egypt, and there you shall die.
And all the men that set their faces to go into Egypt, to dwell there, shall die by the sword, and by famine, and by pestilence: none of them shall remain, nor escape from the face of the evil that I will bring upon them.
For thus saith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel: As my anger and my indignation hath been kindled against the inhabitants of Jerusalem: so shall my indignation be kindled against you, when you shall enter into Egypt, and you shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach: and you shall see this place no more.
This is the word of the Lord concerning you, O ye remnant of Juda: Go ye not into Egypt: know certainly that I have adjured you this day.
For you have deceived your own souls: for you sent me to the Lord our God, saying: Pray for us to the Lord our God, and according to all that the Lord our God shall say to thee, so declare unto us, and we will do it.
And now I have declared it to you this day, and ;you have not obeyed the voice of the Lord your God, with regard to all the things for which he hath sent me to you.
Now therefore know certainly that you shall die by the sword, and by famine, and by pestilence in the place to which you desire to go to dwell there.
And Eliseus spoke to the woman, whose son he had restored to life, saying: Arise, and go thou and thy household, and sojourn wheresoever thou canst find: for the Lord hath exiled a famine, and it shall come upon the land seven years.
And she arose, and did according to the word of the man of God: and going with her household, she sojourned in the land of the Philistines many days.
And when the seven years were ended, the woman returned out of the land of the Philistines, and she went forth to speak to the king for her house, and for her lands.
And the king talked with Giezi, the servant of the man of God, saying: Tell me all the great things that Eliseus hath done.
And when he was telling the king how he had raised one dead to life, the woman appeared, whose son he had restored to life, crying to the king for her house, and her lands. And Giezi said: My lord O king, this is the woman, and this is her son, whom Eliseus raised to life.
And the king asked the woman: and she told him. And the king appointed her an eunuch, saying: Restore her all that is hers, and all the revenues of the lands, from the day that she left the land, to this present.
Eliseus also came to Damascus, and Benadad king of Syria was sick: and they told him, saying: The man of God is come hither.
And the king said to Hazael: Take with thee presents, and go to meet the man of God, and consult the Lord by him, saying: Can I recover of this my illness?
And Hazael went to meet him, taking with him presents, and all the good things of Damascus, the burdens of forty camels. And when he stood before him, he said: Thy son Benadad the king of Syria hath sent me to thee, saying: Can I recover of this my illness?
And Eliseus said to him: Go tell him: Thou shalt recover: bat the Lord hath shewn me that he shall surely die.
And he stood with him, and was troubled so far as to blush: and the man of God wept.
And Hazael said to him: Why doth my lord weep? And he said: Because I know the evil that thou wilt do to the children of Israel. Their strong cities then wilt burn with fire, and their young men thou wilt kill with the sword, and thou wilt dash their children, and rip up their pregnant women.
And Hazael said: But what am I thy servant a dog, that I should do this great thing? And Eliseus said: The Lord hath shewn me that thou shalt be king of Syria.
And when he was departed from Eliseus, he came to his master, who said to him: What saith Eliseus to thee? And he answered: He told me: Thou shalt recover.
And on the next day he took a blanket, and pouted water on it, and spread it upon his face: and he died, and Hazael reigned in his stead.
In the fifth year of Joram son of Achab king of Israel, and of Josaphat king of Juda, reigned Joram son of Josaphat king of Juda.
He was two and thirty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem.
And he walked in the ways of the kings of Israel, as the house of Achab had walked: for the daughter of Achab was his wife: and he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord.
But the Lord would not destroy Juda, for David his servant's sake, as he had promised him, to give him a light, and to his children always.
In his days Edom revolted, from being under Juda, and made themselves a king.
And Joram came to Seira, and all the chariots with him: and he arose in the night, and defeated the Edomites that had surrounded him, and the captains of the chariots, but the people fled into their tents.
So Edom revolted from being under Juda, unto this day. Then Lobna also revolted at the same time.
But the rest of the acts of Joram, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the words of the days of the kings of Juda?
And Joram slept with his fathers, and was buried with them in the city of David, and Ochozias his son reigned in Iris stead.
In the twelfth year of Joram son of Achab king of Israel, reigned Ochozias son of Joram king of Juda.
Ochozias was two and twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned one year in Jerusalem: the name of his mother was Athalia the daughter of Amri king of Israel.
And he walked in the ways of the house of Achab: and he did evil before the Lord, as did the house of Achab: for he was the son in law of the house of Achab.
He went also with Joram son of Achab, to fight against Hazael king of Syria in Ramoth Galaad, and the Syrians wounded Joram:
And he went back to be healed, in Jezrahel: because the Syrians had wounded him in Ramoth when he fought against Hazael king of Syria. And Ochozias the son of Joram king of Juda, went down to visit Joram the son of Achab in Jezrahel, because he was sick there.
In the beginning of the reign of Joakim the son of Josias king of Juda, came this word from the Lord, saying:
Thus saith the Lord: Stand in the court of the house of the Lord, and speak to all the cities of Juda, out of which they come, to adore in the house of the Lord, all the words which I have commanded thee to to speak unto them: leave not out one word.
If so be they will hearken and be converted every one from his evil way; that I may repent me of the evil that I think to do unto them for the wickedness of their doings.
And thou shalt say to them: Thus saith the Lord: If you will not hearken to me to walk in my law, which I have given to you:
To give ear to the words of my servants the prophets, whom I sent to you rising up early: and sending, and you have not hearkened:
I will make this house like Silo: and I will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth.
And the priests, and the prophets, and all the people heard Jeremias speaking these words in the house of the Lord.
And when Jeremias made an end of speaking all that the Lord had commanded him to speak to all the people, the priests, and the prophets, and all the people laid hold on him, saying: Let him be put to death.
Why hath he prophesied in the name of the Lord, saying: This house shall be like Silo; and this city shall be made desolate, without an inhabitant? And all the people were gathered together against Jeremias in the house of the Lord.
And the princes of Juda heard these words: and they went up from the king's house into the house of the Lord, and sat in the entry of the new gate of the house of the Lord.
And the priests and the prophets spoke to the princes, and to all the people, saying: The judgement of death is for this man: because he hath prophesied against this city, as you have heard with your ears.
Then Jeremias spoke to all the princes, and to all the people, saying: The Lord sent me to prophesy concerning this house, and concerning this city all the words you have heard.
Now therefore amend your ways, and your doings, and hearken to the voice of the Lord your God: and the Lord will repent of the evil that he hath spoken against you.
But as for me, behold I am in your hands: do with me what is good and right in your eyes:
But know ye, and understand, that if you put me to death, you will shed innocent blood against your own selves, and against this city, and the inhabitants thereof. For in truth the Lord sent me to you, to speak all these words in your hearing.
Then the princes, and all the people said to the priests, and to the prophets: There is no judgement of death for this man: for he hath spoken to us in the name of the Lord our God.
And some of the ancients of the land rose up: and they spoke to all the assembly of the people, saying:
Micheas of Morasthi was a prophet in the days of Ezechias king of Juda, and he spoke to all the people of Juda, saying: Thus saith the Lord of hosts: Sion shall be ploughed like a field, and Jerusalem shall be a heap of stones: and the mountain of the house the high places of woods.
Did Ezechias king of Juda, and all Juda, condemn him to death? did they not fear the Lord, and beseech the face of the Lord: and the Lord repented of the evil that they had spoken against them? therefore we are doing a great evil against our souls.
There was also a man that prophesied in the name of the Lord, Urias the son of Semei of Cariathiarim: and he prophesied against this city, and against this land, according to all the words of Jeremias.
And Joakim, and all his men in power, and his princes heard these words: and the king sought to put him to death. And Urias heard it, and was afraid, and fled and went into Egypt.
And king Joakim sent men into Egypt, Elnathan the son of Achobor, and men with him into Egypt.
And they brought Urias out of Egypt: and brought him to king Joakim, and he slew him with the sword: and he cast his dead body into the graves of the common people.
So the hand of Ahicam the son of Saphan was with Jeremias, that he should not be delivered into the hands of the people, to put him to death.
Now I Paul myself beseech you, by the mildness and modesty of Christ, who in presence indeed am lowly among you, but being absent, am bold toward you.
But I beseech you, that I may not be bold when I am present, with that confidence wherewith I am thought to be bold, against some, who reckon us as if we walked according to the flesh.
For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war according to the flesh.
For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty to God unto the pulling down of fortifications, destroying counsels,
And every height that exhalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every understanding unto the obedience of Christ;
And having in readiness to revenge all disobedience, when your obedience shall be fulfilled.
See the things that are according to outward appearance. If any man trust to himself, that he is Christ's, let him think this again with himself, that as he is Christ's, so are we also.
For if also I should boast somewhat more of our power, which the Lord hath given us unto edification, and not for your destruction, I should not be ashamed.
But that I may not be thought as it were to terrify you by epistles,
(For his epistles indeed, say they, are weighty and strong; but his bodily presence is weak, and his speech contemptible,)
Let such a one think this, that such as we are in word by epistles, when absent, such also we will be indeed when present.
For we dare not match, or compare ourselves with some, that commend themselves; but we measure ourselves by ourselves, and compare ourselves with ourselves.
But we will not glory beyond our measure; but according to the measure of the rule, which God hath measured to us, a measure to reach even unto you.
For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure, as if we reached not unto you. For we are come as far as to you in the gospel of Christ.
Not glorying beyond measure in other men's labours; but having hope of your increasing faith, to be magnified in you according to our rule abundantly;
Yea, unto those places that are beyond you, to preach the gospel, not to glory in another man's rule, in those things that are made ready to our hand.
But he that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.
For not he who commendeth himself, is approved, but he, whom God commendeth.
Blessed are the undefiled in the way, who walk in the law of the Lord.
Blessed are they who search his testimonies: that seek him with their whole heart.
For they that work iniquity, have not walked in his ways.
Thou hast commanded thy commandments to be kept most diligently.
O! that my ways may be directed to keep thy justifications.
Then shall I not be confounded, when I shall look into all thy commandments.
I will praise thee with uprightness of heart, when I shall have learned the judgments of thy justice.
I will keep thy justifications: O! do not thou utterly forsake me.
By what doth a young man correct his way? by observing thy words.
With my whole heart have I sought after thee: let me not stray from thy commandments.
Thy words have I hidden in my heart, that I may not sin against thee.
Blessed art thou, O Lord: teach me thy justifications.
With my lips I have pronounced all the judgments of thy mouth.
I have been delighted in the way of thy testimonies, as in all riches.
I will meditate on thy commandments: and I will consider thy ways.
I will think of thy justifications: I will not forget thy words.
Give bountifully to thy servant, enliven me: and I shall keep thy words.
Open thou my eyes: and I will consider the wondrous things of thy law.
I am a sojourner on the earth: hide not thy commandments from me.
My soul hath coveted to long for thy justifications, at all times.
Thou hast rebuked the proud: they are cursed who decline from thy commandments.
Remove from reproach and contempt: because I have sought after thy testimonies.
For princes sat, and spoke against me: but thy servant was employed in thy justifications.
For thy testimonies are my meditation: and thy justifications my counsel.
My soul hath cleaved to the pavement: quicken thou me according to thy word.
I have declared my ways, and thou hast heard me: tech me thy justifications.
Make me to understand the way of thy justifications: and I shall be exercised in thy wondrous works.
My soul hath slumbered through heaviness: strengthen thou me in thy words.
Remove from me the way of iniquity: and out of thy law have mercy on me.
I have chosen the way of truth: thy judgments I have not forgotten.
I have stuck to thy testimonies, O Lord: put me not to shame.
I have run the way of thy commandments, when thou didst enlarge my heart.
Set before me for a law the way of thy justifications, O Lord: and I will always seek after it.
Give me understanding, and I will search thy law ; and I will keep it with my whole heart.
Lead me into the path of thy commandments; for this same I have desired.
Incline my heart into thy testimonies and not to covetousness.
Turn away my eyes that they may not behold vanity: quicken me in thy way.
Establish thy word to thy servant, in thy fear.
Turn away my reproach, which I have apprehended: for thy judgments are delightful.
Behold I have longed after thy precepts: quicken me in thy justice.
Let thy mercy also come upon me, O Lord: thy salvation according to thy word.
So shall I answer them that reproach me in any thing; that I have trusted in thy words.
And take not thou the word of truth utterly out of my mouth: for in thy words have I hoped exceedingly.
So shall I always keep thy law, for ever and ever.
And I walked at large: because I have sought after thy commandments.
And I spoke of thy testimonies before kings: and I was not ashamed.
I meditated also on thy commandments, which I loved.
And I lifted up my hands to thy commandments, which I loved: and I was exercised in thy justifications.
Be thou mindful of thy word to thy servant, in which thou hast given me hope.
This hath comforted me in my humiliation: because thy word hath enlivened me.
The proud did iniquitously altogether: but I declined not from thy law.
I remembered, O Lord, thy judgments of old: and I was comforted.
A fainting hath taken hold of me, because of the wicked that forsake thy law.
Thy justifications were the subject of my song, in the place of my pilgrimage.
In the night I have remembered thy name, O Lord: and have kept thy law.
This happened to me: because I sought after thy justifications.
O Lord, my portion, I have said, I would keep the law.
I entreated thy face with all my heart: have mercy on me according to thy word.
I have thought on my ways: and turned my feet unto thy testimonies.
I am ready, and am not troubled: that I may keep thy commandments.
The cords of the wicked have encompassed me: but I have not forgotten thy law.
I rose at midnight to give praise to thee; for the judgments of thy justification.
I am a partaker with all them that fear thee, and that keep thy commandments.
The earth, O Lord, is full of thy mercy: teach me thy justifications.
Thou hast done well with thy servant, O Lord, according to thy word.
Teach me goodness and discipline and knowledge; for I have believed thy commandments.
Before I was humbled I offended; therefore have I kept thy word.
Thou art good; and in thy goodness teach me thy justifications.
The iniquity of the proud hath been multiplied over me: but I will seek thy commandments with my whole heart.
Their heart is curdled like milk: but I have meditated on thy law.
It is good for me that thou hast humbled me, that I may learn thy justifications.
The law of thy mouth is good to me, above thousands of gold and silver.
Thy hands have made me and formed me: give me understanding, and I will learn thy commandments.
They that fear thee shall see me, and shall be glad: because I have greatly hoped in thy words.
I know, O Lord, that thy judgments are equity: and in thy truth thou hast humbled me.
O! let thy mercy be for my comfort, according to thy word unto thy servant.
Let thy tender mercies come unto me, and I shall live: for thy law is my meditation.
Let the proud be ashamed, because they have done unjustly towards me: but I will be employed in thy commandments.
Let them that fear thee turn to me" and they that know thy testimonies.
Let my heart be undefiled in thy justifications, that I may not be confounded.
My soul hath fainted after thy salvation: and in thy word I have very much hoped.
My eyes have failed for thy word, saying: When wilt thou comfort me?
For I am become like a bottle in the frost: I have not forgotten thy justifications.
How many are the days of thy servant: when wilt thou execute judgment on them that persecute me?
The wicked have told me fables: but not as thy law.
All thy statutes are truth: they have persecuted me unjustly, do thou help me.
They had almost made an end of me upon earth: but I have not forsaken thy commandments.
Quicken thou me according to thy mercy: and I shall keep the testimonies of thy mouth.
For ever, O Lord, thy word standeth firm in heaven.
Thy truth unto all generations: thou hast founded the earth, and it continueth.
By thy ordinance the day goeth on: for all things serve thee.
Unless thy law had been my meditation, I had then perhaps perished in my abjection.
Thy justifications I will never forget: for by them thou hast given me life.
I am thine, save thou me: for I have sought thy justifications.
The wicked have waited for me to destroy me: but I have understood thy testimonies.
I have seen an end to all persecution: thy commandment is exceeding broad.
O how have I loved thy law, O Lord! it is my meditation all the day.
Through thy commandment, thou hast made me wiser than my enemies: for it is ever with me.
I have understood more than all my teachers: because thy testimonies are my meditation.
I have had understanding above ancients: because I have sought thy commandments.
I have restrained my feet from every evil way: that I may keep thy words.
I have not declined from thy judgments, because thou hast set me a law.
How sweet are thy words to my palate! more than honey to my mouth.
By thy commandments I have had understanding: therefore have I hated every way of iniquity.
Thy word is a lamp to my feet, and a light to my paths.
I have sworn and am determined to keep the judgments of thy justice.
I have been humbled, O Lord, exceedingly: quicken thou me according to thy word.
The free offerings of my mouth make acceptable, O Lord: and teach me thy judgments.
My soul is continually in my hands: and I have not forgotten thy law.
Sinners have laid a snare for me: but I have not erred from thy precepts.
I have purchased thy testimonies for an inheritance for ever: because they are a joy to my heart.
I have inclined my heart to do thy justifications for ever, for the reward.
I have hated the unjust: and have loved thy law.
Thou art my helper and my protector: and in thy word I have greatly hoped.
Depart from me, ye malignant: and I will search the commandments of my God.
Uphold me according to thy word, and I shall live: and let me not be confounded in my expectation.
Help me, and I shall be saved: and I will meditate always on thy justifications.
Thou hast despised all them that fall off from thy judgments; for their thought is unjust.
I have accounted all the sinners of the earth prevaricators: therefore have I loved thy testimonies.
Pierce thou my flesh with thy fear: for I am afraid of thy judgments.
I have done judgment and justice: give me not up to them that slander me.
Uphold thy servant unto good: let not the proud calumniate me.
My eyes have fainted after thy salvation: and for the word of thy justice.
Deal with thy servant according to thy mercy: and teach me thy justifications.
I am thy servant: give me understanding that I may know thy testimonies.
It is time, O Lord, to do: they have dissipated thy law.
Therefore have I loved thy commandments above gold and the topaz.
Therefore was I directed to all thy commandments: I have hated all wicked ways.
Thy testimonies are wonderful: therefore my soul hath sought them.
The declaration of thy words giveth light: and giveth understanding to little ones.
I opened my mouth and panted: because I longed for thy commandments.
Look thou upon me, and have mercy on me, according to the judgment of them that love thy name.
Direct my steps according to thy word: and let no iniquity have dominion over me.
Redeem me from the calumnies of men: that I may keep thy commandments.
Make thy face to shine upon thy servant: and teach me thy justifications.
My eyes have sent forth springs of water: because they have not kept thy law.
Thou art just, O Lord: and thy judgment is right.
Thou hast commanded justice thy testimonies: and thy truth exceedingly.
My zeal hath made me pine away: because my enemies forgot thy words.
Thy word is exceedingly refined: and thy servant hath loved it.
I am very young and despised; but I forgot not thy justifications.
Thy justice is justice for ever: and thy law is the truth.
Trouble and anguish have found me: thy commandments are my meditation.
Thy testimonies are justice for ever: give me understanding, and I shall live.
I cried with my whole heart, hear me, O Lord: I will seek thy justifications.
I cried unto thee, save me: that I may keep thy commandments.
I prevented the dawning of the day, and cried: because in thy words I very much hoped.
My eyes to thee have prevented the morning: that I might meditate on thy words.
Hear thou my voice, O Lord, according to thy mercy: and quicken me according to thy mercy.
They that persecute me have drawn nigh to iniquity; but they are gone far off from the law.
Thou art near, O Lord: and all thy ways are truth.
I have known from the beginning concerning thy testimonies: that thou hast founded them for ever.
See my humiliation and deliver me: for I have not forgotten the law.
Judge my judgment and redeem me: quicken thou me for thy word's sake.
Salvation is far from sinners; because they have not sought thy justifications.
Many, O Lord, are thy mercies: quicken me according to thy judgment.
Many are they that persecute me, and afflict me; but I have not declined from thy testimonies.
I beheld the transgressors, and I pined away; because they kept not thy word.
Behold I have loved thy commandments, O Lord; quicken me thou in thy mercy.
The beginning of thy words is truth: all the judgments of thy justice are for ever.
Princes have persecuted me without cause: and my heart hath been in awe of thy words.
I will rejoice at thy words, as one that hath found great spoil.
I have hated and abhorred iniquity; but I have loved thy law.
Seven times a day I have given praise to thee, for the judgments of thy justice.
Much peace have they that love thy law, and to them there is no stumbling block
I looked to thy salvation, O Lord: and I loved thy commandments.
My soul hath kept thy testimonies: and hath loved them exceedingly.
I have kept thy commandments and thy testimonies: because all my ways are in thy sight.
Let my supplication, O Lord, come near in thy sight: give me understanding according to thy word.
Let my request come in before thee; deliver thou me according to thy word.
My lips shall utter a hymn, when thou shalt teach me thy justifications.
My tongue shall pronounce thy word: because all thy commandments are justice.
Let thy hand be with me to save me; for I have chosen thy precepts.
I have longed for thy salvation, O Lord; and thy law is my meditation.
My soul shall live and shall praise thee: and thy judgments shall help me.
I have gone astray like a sheep that is lost: seek thy servant, because I have not forgotten thy commandments.
And when Jabin king of Asor had heard these things, he sent to Jobab king of Madon, and to the king of Semeron, and to the king of Achsaph:
And to the kings of the north, that dwelt in the mountains and in the plains over against the south side of Ceneroth, and in the levels and the countries of Dor by the sea side :
To the Chanaanites also on the ease and on the west, and the Amorrhite, and the Hethite, and the Pherezite, and the Jebusite in the mountains: to the Hevite also who dwelt at the foot of Hermon in the land of Maspha.
And they all came out with their troops, a people exceeding numerous as the sand that is on the sea shore, their horses also and chariots a very great multitude,
And all these kings assembled together at the waters of Merom, to fight against Israel.
And the Lord said to Josue: Fear them not: for to morrow at this same hour I will deliver all these to be slain in the sight of Israel: thou shalt hamstring their horses, and thou shalt burn their chariots with fire.
And Josue came, and all the army with him, against them to the waters of Merom on a sudden, and fell upon them.
And the Lord delivered them into the hands of Israel. And they defeated them, and chased them as far as the great Sidon, and the waters of Maserophot, and the field of Masphe, which is on the east side thereof. He slew them all, so as to leave no remains of them:
And he did as the Lord had commanded him, he hamstringed their horses and burned their chariots.
And presently turning back he took Asor: and slew the king thereof with the sword. Now Asor of old was the head of all these kingdoms.
And he cut off all the souls that abode there: he left not in it any remains, but utterly destroyed all, and burned the city itself with fire.
And he took and put to the sword and destroyed all the cities round about, and their kings, as Moses the servant of God had commanded him.
Except the cities that were on hills and high places, the rest Israel burned: only Asor that was very strong he consumed with fire.
And the children of Israel divided among themselves all the spoil of these cities and the cattle, killing all the men.
As the Lord had commanded Moses his servant, so did Moses command Josue, and he accomplished all: he left not one thing undone of all the commandments which the Lord had commanded Moses.
So Josue took all the country of the hills, and of the south, and the land of Gosen, and the plains and the west country, and the mountain of Israel, and the plains thereof:
And part of the mountain that goeth up to Seir as far as Baalgad, by the plain of Libanus under mount Hermon: all their kings he took, smote and slew.
Josue made war a long time against these kings.
There was hot a city that delivered itself to the children of Israel, except the Hevite, who dwelt in Gabaon: for he took all by fight.
For it was the sentence of the Lord, that their hearts should be hardened, and they should fight against Israel, and fall, and should not deserve any clemency, and should be destroyed as the Lord had commanded Moses.
At that time Josue came and cut off the Enacims from the mountains, from Hebron, and Dabir, and Anab, and from all the mountain of Juda and Israel, and destroyed their cities.
He left not any of the stock of the Enacims, in the land of the children of Israel: except the cities of Gaza, and Geth, and Azotus, in which alone they were left.
So Josue took all the land, as the Lord spoke to Moses, and delivered it in possession to the children of Israel, according to their divisions and tribes. And the land rested from wars.
Lord, my heart is not exalted: nor are my eyes lofty. Neither have I walked in great matters, nor in wonderful things above me.
If I was not humbly minded, but exalted my soul: As a child that is weaned is towards his mother, so reward in my soul.
Let Israel hope in the Lord, from henceforth now and for ever.
Joseph could no longer refrain himself before many that stood by: whereupon he commanded that all should go out, and no stranger be present at their knowing one another.
And he lifted up his voice with weeping, which the Egyptians and all the house of Pharao heard. \
And he said to his brethren: I am Joseph: is my father yet living? His brethren could no answer him, being struck with exceeding great fear.
And he said mildly to them: Come nearer to me. And when they were come near him, he said: I am Joseph, your brother, whom you sold into Egypt.
Be not afraid, and let it not seem to you a hard case that you sold me into these countries: for God sent me before you into Egypt for your preservation.
For it is two years since the famine began to be upon the land, and five years more remain, wherein there can be neither ploughing nor reaping.
And God sent me before, that you may be preserved upon the earth, and may have food to live.
Not by your counsel was I sent hither, but by the will of God: who hath made me as it were a father to Pharao, and lord of his whold house, and governor in all the land of Egypt.
Make haste, and go ye up to my father, and say to him: Thus saith thy son Joseph: God hath made me lord of the whole land of Egypt: come down to me, linger not.
And thou shalt dwell in the land of Gessen: and thou shalt be near me, thou and thy sons, and thy son's sons, thy sheep, and thy gerds, and all things that thou hast.
And there I will feed thee, (for there are yet five years of famine remaining,) lest both thou perish, and thy house, and all things that thou hast.
Behold, your eyes, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin see that it is my mouth that speaketh to you.
You shall tell my father of all my glory, and all things that you have seen in Egypt: make haste and bring him to me.
And falling upon the neck of his brother Benjamin, he embraced him and wept: and Benjamin in like manner wept also on his neck.
And Joseph kissed all his brethren, and wept upon every one of them: after which they were emboldened to ,peak to him.
And it was heard, and the fame was abroad in the king's court: The brethren of Joseph are come: and Pharao with all his family was glad.
And he spoke to Joseph that he should give orders to his brethren, saying : Load your beasts, and go into the land of Chanaan.
And bring away from thence your father and kindred, and come to me: and I will give you all the good things of Egypt, that you may eat the marrow of the land.
Give orders also that they take wagons out of the land of Egypt, for/ the carriage of their children and their wives: and say: Take up your father, and make haste to come with all speed:
And leave nothing of your house- hold stuff: for all the riches of Egypt shall be yours.
And the sons of Israel did as they were bid. And Joseph gave them wagons according to Pharao's commandment: and provisions for the way.
He ordered also to be brought out for every one of them two robes: but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver with Ave robes of the best:
Sending to his father as much money and raiment, adding besides ten he asses to carry off all the riches of Egypt, and as many she asses, carrying wheat and bread for the journey.
So he sent away his brethren, and at their departing said to them: Be not angry in the way.
And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Chanaan to their father Jacob.
And they told him, saying: Joseph thy son is living: and he is ruler in all the land of Egypt. Which when Jacob heard, he awaked as it were out of a deep sleep, yet did not believe them.
They, on the other side, told the whole order of the thing. And when he saw the wagons and all that he had sent his spirit revived,
And he said: It is enough for me, if Joseph my son be yet living: Iwill go and see him before I die.
And some of the ancients of Israel came to me, and sat before me.
And the word of the Lord came to me, saying:
Son of man, these men have placed their uncleannesses in their hearts, and have set up before their face the stumblingblock of their iniquity : and shall I answer when they inquire of me?
Therefore speak to them, and say to them: Thus saith the Lord God: Man, man of the house of Israel that shall place his uncleannesses in his heart, and set up the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and shall come to the prophet inquiring of me by him: I the Lord will answer him according to the multitude of his uncleannesses:
That the house of Israel may be caught in their own heart, with which they have departed from me through all their idols.
Therefore say to the house of Israel: Thus saith the Lord God: Be converted, and depart from your idols, and turn away your faces from all your abominations.
For every man of the house of Israel, and every stranger among the proselytes in Israel, if he separate himself from me, and place his idols in his heart, and set the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and come to the prophet to inquire of me by him: I the Lord will answer him by myself.
And I will set my face against that man, and will make him an example, and a proverb, and will cut him off from the midst of my people: and you shall know that I am the Lord.
And when the prophet shall err, and speak a word: I the Lord have deceived that prophet: and I will stretch forth my hand upon him, and will cut him off from the midst of my people Israel.
And they shall bear their iniquity: according to the iniquity of him that inquireth, so shall the iniquity of the prophet be.
That the house of Israel may go no more astray from me, nor be polluted with all their transgressions: but may be my people, and I may be their God, saith the Lord of hosts.
And the word of the Lord came to me, saying:
Son of man, when a land shall sin against me, so as to transgress grievously, I will stretch forth my hand upon it, and will break the staff of the bread thereof: and I will send famine upon it, and will destroy man and beast out of it.
And if these three men, Noe, Daniel, and Job, shall be in it: they shall deliver their own souls by their justice, saith the Lord of hosts.
And if I shall bring mischievous beasts also upon the land to waste it, and it be desolate, so that there is none that can pass because of the beasts:
If these three men shall be in it, as I live, saith the Lord, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters: but they only shall be delivered, and the land shall be made desolate.
Or if I bring the sword upon that land, and say to the sword: Pass through the land: and I destroy man and beast out of it:
And these three men be in the midst thereof: as I live, saith the Lord God, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters, but they themselves alone shall be delivered.
Or if I also send the pestilence upon that land, and pour out my indignation upon it in blood, to cut off from it man and beast:
And Noe, and Daniel, and Job be in the midst thereof: as I live, saith the Lord God, they shall deliver neither son nor daughter: but they shall only deliver their own souls by their justice.
For thus saith the Lord: Although I shall send in upon Jerusalem my four grievous judgments, the sword, and the famine, and the mischievous beasts, and the pestilence, to destroy out of it man and beast,
Yet there shall be left in it some that shall be saved, who shall bring away their sons and daughters: behold they shall come among you, and you shall see their way, and their doings: and you shall be comforted concerning the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem, in all things that I have brought upon it.
And they shall comfort you, when you shall see their ways, and their doings : and you shall know that I have not done without cause all that I have done in it, saith the Lord God.
Sing ye to the Lord a new canticle: sing to the Lord, all the earth.
Sing ye to the Lord and bless his name: shew forth his salvation from day to day.
Declare his glory among the Gentiles: his wonders among all people.
For the Lord is great, and exceedingly to be praised: he is to be feared above all gods.
For all the gods of the Gentiles are devils: but the Lord made the heavens.
Praise and beauty are before him: holiness and majesty in his sanctuary.
Bring ye to the Lord, O ye kindreds of the Gentiles, bring ye to the Lord glory and honour:
bring to the Lord glory unto his name. Bring up sacrifices, and come into his courts:
adore ye the Lord in his holy court. Let all the earth be moved at his presence.
Say ye among the Gentiles, the Lord hath reigned. For he hath corrected the world, which shall not be moved: he will judge the people with justice.
Let the heavens rejoice, and let the earth be glad, let the sea be moved, and the fulness thereof:
the fields and all things that are in them shall be joyful. Then shall all the trees of the woods rejoice
before the face of the Lord, because he cometh: because he cometh to judge the earth. He shall judge the world with justice, and the people with his truth.
AND there assembled together unto him the Pharisees and some of the scribes, coming from Jerusalem.
And when they had seen some of his disciples eat bread with common, that is, with unwashed hands, they found fault.
For the Pharisees, and all the Jews eat not without often washing their hands, holding the tradition of the ancients:
And when they come from the market, unless they be washed, they eat not: and many other things there are that have been delivered to them to observe, the washings of cups and of pots, and of brazen vessels, and of beds.
And the Pharisees and scribes asked him: Why do not thy disciples walk according to the tradition of the ancients, but they eat bread with common hands?
But he answering, said to them: Well did Isaias prophesy of you hypocrites, as it is written: This people honoureth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me.
And in vain to they worship me, teaching doctrines and precepts of men.
For leaving the commandment of God, you hold the tradition of men, the washing of pots and of cups: and many other things you do like to these.
And he said to them: Well do you make void the commandment of God, that you may keep your own tradition.
For Moses said: Honor thy father and thy mother; and He that shall curse father or mother, dying let him die.
But you say: If a man shall say to his father or mother, Corban, (which is a gift,) whatsoever is from me, shall profit thee.
And further you suffer him not to do any thing for his father or mother,
Making void the word of God by your own tradition, which you have given forth. And many other such like things you do.
And calling again the multitude unto him, he said to them: Hear ye me all, and understand.
There is nothing from without a man that entering into him, can defile him. But the things which come from a man, those are they that defile a man.
If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.
And when he was come into the house from the multitude, his disciples asked him the parable.
And he saith to them: So are you also without knowledge? understand you not that every thing from without, entering into a man cannot defile him:
Because it entereth not into his heart, but goeth into the belly, and goeth out into the privy, purging all meats?
But he said that the things which come out from a man, they defile a man.
For from within out of the heart of men proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders,
Thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness.
All these evil things come from within, and defile a man.
And rising from thence he went into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon: and entering into a house, he would that no man should know it, and he could not be hid.
For a woman as soon as she heard of him, whose daughter had an unclean spirit, came in and fell down at his feet.
For the woman was a Gentile, a Syrophenician born. And she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter.
Who said to her: Suffer first the children to be filled: for it is not good to take the bread of the children, and cast it to the dogs.
But she answered and said to him: Yea, Lord; for the whelps also eat under the table of the crumbs of the children.
And he said to her: For this saying go thy way, the devil is gone out of thy daughter.
And when she was come into her house, she found the girl lying upon the bed, and that the devil was gone out.
And again going out of the coasts of Tyre, he came by Sidon to the sea of Galilee, through the midst of the coasts of Decapolis.
And they bring to him one deaf and dumb; and they besought him that he would lay his hand upon him.
And taking him from the multitude apart, he put his fingers into his ears, and spitting, he touched his tongue:
And looking up to heaven, he groaned, and said to him: Ephpheta, which is, Be thou opened.
And immediately his ears were opened, and the string of his tongue was loosed, and he spoke right.
And he charged them that they should tell no man. But the more he charged them, so much the more a great deal did they publish it.
And so much the more did they wonder, saying: He hath done all things well; he hath made both the deaf to hear, and the dumb to speak.
Knowest thou the time when the wild goats bring forth among the rocks, or hast thou observed the hinds when they fawn?
Hast thou numbered the months of their conceiving, or knowest thou the time when they bring forth?
They bow themselves to bring forth young, and they cast them, and send forth roarings.
Their young are weaned and go to feed : they go forth, and return not to them.
Who hath sent out the wild ass free, and who hath loosed his bonds?
To whom I have given a house in the wilderness, and his dwellings in the barren land.
He scorneth the multitude of the city, he heareth not the cry of the driver.
He looketh round about the mountains of his pasture, and seeketh for every green thing.
Shall the rhinoceros be willing to serve thee, or will he stay at thy crib?
Canst thou bind the rhinoceros with thy thong to plough, or will he break the clods of the valleys after thee?
Wilt thou have confidence in his great strength, and leave thy labours to him?
Wilt thou trust him that he will render thee the seed, and gather it into thy barnfloor?
The wing of the ostrich is like the wings of the heron, and of the hawk.
When she leaveth her eggs on the earth, thou perhaps wilt warm them in the dust.
She forgetteth that the foot may tread upon them, or that the beasts of the field may break them.
She is hardened against her young ones, as though they were not hers, she hath laboured in vain, no fear constraining her.
For God hath deprived her of wisdom, neither hath he given her understanding.
When time shall be, she setteth up her wings on high : she scorneth the horse and his rider.
Wilt thou give strength to the horse, or clothe his neck with neighing?
Wilt thou lift him up like the locusts? the glory of his nostrils is terror.
He breaketh up the earth with his hoof, he pranceth boldly, he goeth forward to meet armed men.
He despiseth fear, he turneth not his back to the sword,
Above him shall the quiver rattle, the spear and shield shall glitter.
Chasing and raging he swalloweth the ground, neither doth he make account when the noise of the trumpet soundeth.
When he heareth the trumpet he saith : Ha, ha : he smelleth the battle afar off, the encouraging of the captains, and the shouting of the army.
Doth the hawk wax feathered by thy wisdom, spreading her wings to the south?
Will the eagle mount up at thy command, and make her nest in high places?
She abideth among the rocks, and dwelleth among cragged flints, and stony hills, where there is no access.
From thence she looketh for the prey, and her eyes behold afar off.
Her young ones shall suck up blood : and wheresoever the carcass shall be, she is immediately there.
Why, O Lord, are they multiplied that afflict me? many are they who rise up against me.
Many say to my soul: There is no salvation for him in his God.
But thou, O Lord art my protector, my glory, and the lifter up of my head.
I have cried to the Lord with my voice: and he hath heard me from his holy hill.
I have slept and taken my rest: and I have risen up, because the Lord hath protected me.
I will not fear thousands of the people, surrounding me: arise, O Lord; save me, O my God.
For thou hast struck all them who are my adversaries without cause: thou hast broken the teeth of sinners.
Salvation is of the Lord: and thy blessing is upon thy people.
In the three and twentieth year of Joas son of Ochozias king of Juda, Joachaz the son of Jehu reigned over Israel in Samaria, seventeen years.
And he did evil before the Lord, and followed the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nabat, who made Israel to sin, and he departed not from them.
And the wrath of the Lord was kindled against Israel, and he delivered them into the hand of Hazael the king of Syria, and into the hand of Benadad the son of Hazael all days.
But Joachaz besought the face of the Lord, and the Lord heard him: for he saw the distress of Israel, because the king of Syria had oppressed them:
And the Lord gave Israel a saviour, and they were delivered out of the hand of the king of Syria: and the children of Israel dwelt in their pavilions as yesterday and the day before.
But yet they departed not from the sins of Jeroboam, who made Israel to sin, but walked in them: and there still remained a grove also in Samaria.
And Joachaz had no more left of the people than fifty horsemen, and ten chariots, and ten thousand footmen: for the king of Syria had slain them, and had brought them low as dust by thrashing in the barnfloor.
Rut the rest of the acts of Joachaz, and all that he did, and his valour, are they not written in the book of the words of the days of the kings of Israel?
And Joachaz slept with his fathers, and they buried him in Samaria: and Joas his son reigned in his stead.
In the seven and thirtieth year of Joas king of Juda, Joas the son of Joachaz reigned over Israel in Samaria sixteen years.
And he did that which is evil in the sight of the Lord: he departed not from all the sine of Jeroboam the son of Nabat, who made Israel to sin, but he walked in them.
But the rest of the acts of Joas, and all that he did, and his valour wherewith he fought against Amasias king of Juda, are they not written in the book of the words of the days of the kings of Israel?
And Joas slept with his fathers: and Jeroboam sat upon his throne. But Joas was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel.
Now Eliseus was sick of the illness whereof he died: and Joas king of Israel went down to him, and wept before him, and said: O my father, my father, the chariot of Israel and the guider thereof.
And Eliseus said to him: Bring a bow and arrows. And when he had brought him a bow, and arrows,
He said to the king of Israel: Put thy hand upon the bow. And when he had put his hand, Eliseus put his hands over the king's hands,
And said: Open the window to the east. And when he had opened it, Eliseus said: Shoot an arrow. And he shot. And Eliseus said: The arrow of the Lord's deliverance, and the arrow of the deliverance from Syria: and thou shalt strike the Syrians in Aphec, till thou consume them.
And he said: Take the arrows. And when he had taken them, he said to him : Strike with an arrow upon the ground. And he struck three times and stood still.
And the man of God was angry with him, and said: If thou hadst smitten five or six or seven times, thou hadst smitten Syria even to utter destruction: but now three times shalt thou smite it.
And Eliseus died, and they buried him. And the rovers from Moab came into the land the same year.
And some that were burying a man, saw the rovers, and cast the body into the sepulchre of Eliseus. And when it had touched the bones of Eliseus, the man came to life, and stood upon his feet.
Now Hazael king of Syria afflicted Israel all the days of Joachaz:
And the Lord had mercy on them, and returned to them because of his covenant, which he had made with Abraham and Isaac and Jacob: and he would not destroy them, nor utterly cast them away, unto this present time.
And Hazael king of Syria died, and Benadad his son reigned in his stead.
Now Joas d the son of Joachaz, took the cities out of the hand of Benadad, the son of Hazael, which he had taken out of the hand of Joachaz his father by war, three times did Joas beat him, and he restored the cities to Israel.
This was the vision of the likeness of the glory of the Lord. And I saw, and I fell upon my face, and I heard the voice of one that spoke. And he said to me: Son of man, stand upon thy feet, and I will speak to thee.
And the spirit entered into me after that he spoke to me, and he set me upon my feet: and I heard him speaking to me,
And saying: Son of man, I send thee to the children of Israel, to a rebellious people, that hath revolted from me, they, and their fathers, have transgressed my covenant even unto this day.
And they to whom I send thee are children of a hard face, and of an obstinate heart: and thou shalt say to them: Thus saith the Lord God:
If so be they at least will hear, and if so be they will forbear, for they are a provoking house: and they shall know that there hath been a prophet in the midst of them.
And thou, O son of man, fear not, neither be thou afraid of their words: for thou art among unbelievers and destroyers, and thou dwellest with scorpions. Fear not their words, neither be thou dismayed at their looks: for they are a provoking house.
And thou shalt speak my words to them, if perhaps they will hear, and forbear: for they provoke me to anger.
But thou, O son of man, hear all that I say to thee: and do not thou provoke me, as that house provoketh me: open thy mouth, and eat what I give thee.
And I looked, and behold, a hand was sent to me, wherein was a book rolled up:
And he spread it before me, and it was written within and without: and there were written in it lamentations, and canticles, and woe.
AFTER these things was a festival day of the Jews, and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.
Now there is at Jerusalem a pond, called Probatica, which in Hebrew is named Bethsaida, having five porches.
In these lay a great multitude of sick, of blind, of lame, of withered; waiting for the moving of the water.
And an angel of the Lord descended at certain times into the pond; and the water was moved. And he that went down first into the pond after the motion of the water, was made whole, of whatsoever infirmity he lay under.
And there was a certain man there, that had been eight and thirty years under his infirmity.
Him when Jesus had seen lying, and knew that he had been now a long time, he saith to him: Wilt thou be made whole?
The infirm man answered him: Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pond. For whilst I am coming, another goeth down before me.
Jesus saith to him: Arise, take up thy bed, and walk.
And immediately the man was made whole: and he took up his bed, and walked. And it was the sabbath that day.
The Jews therefore said to him that was healed: It is the sabbath; it is not lawful for thee to take up thy bed.
He answered them: He that made me whole, he said to me, Take up thy bed, and walk.
They asked him therefore: Who is that man who said to thee, Take up thy bed, and walk?
But he who was healed, knew not who it was; for Jesus went aside from the multitude standing in the place.
Afterwards, Jesus findeth him in the temple, and saith to him: Behold thou art made whole: sin no more, lest some worse thing happen to thee.
The man went his way, and told the Jews, that it was Jesus who had made him whole.
Therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, because he did these things on the sabbath.
But Jesus answered them: My Father worketh until now; and I work.
Hereupon therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he did not only break the sabbath, but also said God was his Father, making himself equal to God.
Then Jesus answered, and said to them: Amen, amen, I say unto you, the Son cannot do any thing of himself, but what he seeth the Father doing: for what things soever he doth, these the Son also doth in like manner.
For the Father loveth the Son, and sheweth him all things which himself doth: and greater works than these will he shew him, that you may wonder.
For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and giveth life: so the Son also giveth life to whom he will.
For neither doth the Father judge any man, but hath given all judgment to the Son.
That all men may honour the Son, as they honour the Father. He who honoureth not the Son, honoureth not the Father, who hath sent him.
Amen, amen I say unto you, that he who heareth my word, and believeth him that sent me, hath life everlasting; and cometh not into judgment, but is passed from death to life.
Amen, amen I say unto you, that the hour cometh, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God, and they that hear shall live.
For as the Father hath life in himself, so he hath given the Son also to have life in himself:
And he hath given him power to do judgment, because he is the Son of man.
Wonder not at this; for the hour cometh, wherein all that are in the graves shall hear the voice of the Son of God.
And they that have done good things, shall come forth unto the resurrection of life; but they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of judgment.
I cannot of myself do any thing. As I hear, so I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not my own will, but the will of him that sent me.
If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true.
There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true.
You sent to John, and he gave testimony to the truth.
But I receive not testimony from man: but I say these things, that you may be saved.
He was a burning and a shining light: and you were willing for a time to rejoice in his light.
But I have a greater testimony than that of John: for the works which the Father hath given me to perfect; the works themselves, which I do, give testimony of me, that the Father hath sent me.
And the Father himself who hath sent me, hath given testimony of me: neither have you heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape.
And you have not his word abiding in you: for whom he hath sent, him you believe not.
Search the scriptures, for you think in them to have life everlasting; and the same are they that give testimony of me.
And you will not come to me that you may have life.
I receive glory not from men.
But I know you, that you have not the love of God in you.
I am come in the name of my Father, and you receive me not: if another shall come in his own name, him you will receive.
How can you believe, who receive glory one from another: and the glory which is from God alone, you do not seek?
Think not that I will accuse you to the Father. There is one that accuseth you, Moses, in whom you trust.
For if you did believe Moses, you would perhaps believe me also; for he wrote of me.
But if you do not believe his writings, how will you believe my words?
Alleluia. Give glory to the Lord, and call upon his name: declare his deeds among the Gentiles.
Sing to him, yea sing praises to him: relate all his wondrous works.
Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the Lord.
Seek ye the Lord, and be strengthened: seek his face evermore.
Remember his marvellous works which he hath done; his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth.
O ye seed of Abraham his servant; ye sons of Jacob his chosen.
He is the Lord our God: his judgments are in all the earth.
He hath remembered his covenant for ever: the word which he commanded to a thousand generations.
Which he made to Abraham; and his oath to Isaac:
And he appointed the same to Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting testament:
Saying: To thee will I give the land of Chanaan, the lot of your inheritance.
When they were but a small number: yea very few, and sojourners therein:
And they passed from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people.
He suffered no man to hurt them: and he reproved kings for their sakes.
Touch ye not my anointed: and do no evil to my prophets.
And he called a famine upon the land: and he broke in pieces all the support of bread.
He sent a man before them: Joseph, who was sold for a slave.
They humbled his feet in fetters: the iron pierced his soul,
until his word came. The word of the Lord inflamed him.
The king sent, and he released him: the ruler of the people, and he set him at liberty.
He made him master of his house, and ruler of all his possession.
That he might instruct his princes as himself, and teach his ancients wisdom.
And Israel went into Egypt: and Jacob was a sojourner in the land of Cham.
And he increased his people exceedingly: and strengthened them over their enemies,
He turned their heart to hate his people: and to deal deceitfully with his servants.
He sent Moses his servant: Aaron the man whom he had chosen.
He gave them power to shew his signs, and his wonders in the land of Cham.
He sent darkness, and made it obscure: and grieved not his words.
He turned their waters into blood, and destroyed their fish.
Their land brought forth frogs, in the inner chambers of their kings.
He spoke, and there came divers sorts of flies and sciniphs in all their coasts.
He gave them hail for rain, a burning fire in the land.
And he destroyed their vineyards and their fig trees: and he broke in pieces the trees of their coasts.
He spoke, and the locust came, and the bruchus, of which there was no number.
And they devoured all the grass in their land, and consumed all the fruit of their ground.
And he slew all the firstborn in their land: the firstfruits of all their labour.
And he brought them out with silver and gold: and there was not among their tribes one that was feeble.
Egypt was glad when they departed: for the fear of them lay upon them.
He spread a cloud for their protection, and fire to give them light in the night.
They asked, and the quail came: and he filled them with the bread of heaven.
He opened the rock, and waters flowed: rivers ran down in the dry land.
Because he remembered his holy word, which he had spoken to his servant Abraham.
And he brought forth his people with joy, and his chosen with gladness.
And he gave them the lands of the Gentiles: and they possessed the labours of the people:
That they might observe his justifications, and seek after his law.
Hear, O Lord, my justice: attend to my supplication. Give ear unto my prayer, which proceedeth not from deceitful lips.
Let my judgment come forth from thy countenance: let thy eyes behold the things that are equitable.
Thou hast proved my heart, and visited it by night, thou hast tried me by fire: and iniquity hath not been found in me.
That my mouth may not speak the works of men: for the sake of the words of thy lips, I have kept hard ways.
Perfect thou my goings in thy paths: that my footsteps be not moved.
I have cried to thee, for thou, O God, hast heard me: O incline thy ear unto me, and hear my words.
Shew forth thy wonderful mercies; thou who savest them that trust in thee.
From them that resist thy right hand keep me, as the apple of thy eye. Protect me under the shadow of thy wings.
From the face of the wicked who have afflicted me. My enemies have surrounded my soul:
they have shut up their fat: their mouth hath spoken proudly.
They have cast me forth and now they have surrounded me: they have set their eyes bowing down to the earth.
They have taken me, as a lion prepared for the prey; and as a young lion dwelling in secret places.
Arise, O Lord, disappoint him and supplant him; deliver my soul from the wicked one: thy sword
from the enemies of thy hand. O Lord, divide them from the few of the earth in their life: their belly is filled from thy hidden stores. They are full of children: and they have left to their little ones the rest of their substance.
But as for me, I will appear before thy sight in justice: I shall be satisfied when thy glory shall appear.
After these things Moses and Aaron went in, and said to Pharao: Thus saith the Lord God of Israel: Let my people go that they may sacrifice to me in the desert.
But he answered: Who is the Lord, that I should hear his voice, and let Israel go? I know not the Lord, neither will I let Israel go.
And they said: The God of the Hebrews hath called us, to go three days' journey into the wilderness and to sacrifice to the Lord our God: lest a pestilence or the sword fall upon us.
The king of Egypt said to them: Why do you Moses and Aaron draw off the people from their works? Get you gone to your burdens.
And Pharao said: The people of the land is numerous: you see that the multitude is increased: how much more if you give them rest from their works?
Therefore he commanded the same day the overseers of the works, and the taskmasters of the people, saying:
You shall give straw no more to the people to make brick, as before: but let them go and gather straw.
And you shall lay upon them the task of bricks, which they did before, neither shall you diminish any thing thereof: for they are idle, and therefore they cry, saying: Let us go and sacrifice to our God.
Let them be oppressed, with works, and let them fulfill them: that they may not regard lying words.
And the overseers of the works and the taskmasters went out and said to the people: Thus saith Pharao, I allow you no straw:
Go, and gather it where you can find it: neither shall any thing of your work be diminished.
And the people was scattered through all the land of Egypt to gather straw.
And the overseers of the works pressed them, saying: Fulfill your work every day as before you were wont to do when straw was given you.
And they that were over the works of the children of Israel were scourged by Pharao's taskmasters, saying: Why have you not made up the task of bricks both yesterday and to day as before?
And the officers of the children of Israel came, and cried out to Pharao, saying: Why dealest thou so with thy servants?
Straw is not given us, and bricks are required of us as before: behold we thy servants are beaten with whips, and thy people is unjustly dealt withal.
And he said: You are idle, and therefore you say: Let us go and sacrifice to the Lord.
Go therefore, and work: straw shall not be given you, and you shall deliver the accustomed number of bricks.
And the officers of the children of Israel saw that they were in evil case, because it was said to them: There shall not a whit be diminished of the bricks for every day.
And they met Moses and Aaron, who stood over against them as they came out from Pharao:
And they said to them: The Lord see and judge, because you have made our savour to stink before Pharao and his servants, and you have given him a sword to kill us.
And Moses returned to the Lord, and said: Lord, why hast thou afflicted this people? wherefore hast thou sent me?
For since the time that I went in to Pharao to speak in thy name, he hath afflicted thy people: and thou hast not delivered them.
AND he said to them: Amen I say to you, that there are some of them that stand here, who shall not taste death, till they see the kingdom of God coming in power.
And after six days Jesus taketh with him Peter and James and John, and leadeth them up into an high mountain apart by themselves, and was transfigured before them.
And his garments became shining and exceeding white as snow, so as no fuller upon earth can make white.
And there appeared to them Elias with Moses; and they were talking with Jesus.
And Peter answering, said to Jesus: Rabbi, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles, one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.
For he knew not what he said: for they were struck with fear.
And there was a cloud overshadowing them: and a voice came out of the cloud, saying: This is my most beloved son; hear ye him.
And immediately looking about, they saw no man any more, but Jesus only with them.
And as they came down from the mountain, he charged them not to tell any man what things they had seen, till the Son of man shall be risen again from the dead.
And they kept the word to themselves; questioning together what that should mean, when he shall be risen from the dead.
And they asked him, saying: Why then do the Pharisees and scribes say that Elias must come first?
Who answering, said to them: Elias, when he shall come first, shall restore all things; and as it is written of the Son of man, that he must suffer many things and be despised.
But I say to you, that Elias also is come, (and they have done to him whatsoever they would,) as it is written of him.
And coming to his disciples, he saw a great multitude about them, and the scribes disputing with them.
And presently all the people seeing Jesus, were astonished and struck with fear; and running to him, they saluted him.
And he asked them: What do you question about among you?
And one of the multitude, answering, said: Master, I have brought my son to thee, having a dumb spirit.
Who, wheresoever he taketh him, dasheth him, and he foameth, and gnasheth with the teeth, and pineth away; and I spoke to thy disciples to cast him out, and they could not.
Who answering them, said: O incredulous generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me.
And they brought him. And when he had seen him, immediately the spirit troubled him; and being thrown down upon the ground, he rolled about foaming.
And he asked his father: How long time is it since this hath happened unto him? But he said: From his infancy:
And oftentimes hath he cast him into the fire and into waters to destroy him. But if thou canst do any thing, help us, having compassion on us.
And Jesus saith to him: If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.
And immediately the father of the boy crying out, with tears said: I do believe, Lord: help my unbelief.
And when Jesus saw the multitude running together, he threatened the unclean spirit, saying to him: Deaf and dumb spirit, I command thee, go out of him; and enter not any more into him.
And crying out, and greatly tearing him, he went out of him, and he became as dead, so that many said: He is dead.
But Jesus taking him by the hand, lifted him up; and he arose.
And when he was come into the house, his disciples secretly asked him: Why could not we cast him out?
And he said to them: This kind can go out by nothing, but by prayer and fasting.
And departing from thence, they passed through Galilee, and he would not that any man should know it.
And he taught his disciple, and said to them: The Son of man shall be betrayed into the hands of men, and they shall kill him; and after that he is killed, he shall rise again the third day.
But they understood not the word, and they were afraid to ask him.
And they came to Capharnaum. And when they were in the house, he asked them: What did you treat of in the way?
But they held their peace, for in the way they had disputed among themselves, which of them should be the greatest.
And sitting down, he called the twelve, and saith to them: If any man desire to be first, he shall be the last of all, and the minister of all.
And taking a child, he set him in the midst of them. Whom when he had embraced, he saith to them:
Whosoever shall receive one such child as this in my name, receiveth me. And whosoever shall receive me, receiveth not me, but him that sent me.
John answered him, saying: Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name, who followeth not us, and we forbade him.
But Jesus said: Do not forbid him. For there is no man that doth a miracle in my name, and can soon speak ill of me.
For he that is not against you, is for you.
For whosoever shall give you to drink a cup of water in my name, because you belong to Christ: amen I say to you, he shall not lose his reward.
And whosoever shall scandalize one of these little ones that believe in me; it were better for him that a millstone were hanged around his neck, and he were cast into the sea.
And if thy hand scandalize thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter into life, maimed, than having two hands to go into hell, into unquenchable fire:
Where there worm dieth not, and the fire is not extinguished.
And if thy foot scandalize thee, cut it off. It is better for thee to enter lame into life everlasting, than having two feet, to be cast into the hell of unquenchable fire:
Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not extinguished.
And if thy eye scandalize thee, pluck it out. It is better for thee with one eye to enter into the kingdom of God, than having two eyes to be cast into the hell of fire:
Where the worm dieth not, and the fire is not extinguished.
For every one shall be salted with fire: and every victim shall be salted with salt.
Salt is good. But if the salt became unsavory; wherewith will you season it? Have salt in you, and have peace among you.
And then men of Cariathiarim came and fetched up the ark of the Lord and carried it into the house of Abinadab in Gabaa: and they sanctified Eleazar his son, to keep the ark of the Lord.
And it came to pass, that from the day the ark of the Lord abode in Cariathiarim days were multiplied, (for it was now the twentieth year,) and all the house of Israel rested following the Lord.
And Samuel spoke to all the house of Israel, saying: If you turn to the Lord with all your heart, put away the strange gods from among you, Baalim and Astaroth: and prepare your hearts unto the Lord, and serve him only, and he will deliver you out of the hand of the Philistines.
Then the children of Israel put away Baalim and Astaroth, and served the Lord only.
And Samuel said: Gather all Israel to Masphath, that I may pray to the Lord for you.
And they gathered together to Masphath: and they drew water, and poured it out before the Lord, and they fasted on that day, and they said there: We have sinned against the Lord. And Samuel judged the children of Israel in Masphath.
And the Philistines heard that the children of Israel were gathered together to Masphath, and the lords of the Philistines went up against Israel. And when the children of Israel heard this, they were afraid of the Philistines.
And they said to Samuel: Cease not to cry to the Lord our God for us, that he may save us out of the hand of the Philistines.
And Samuel took a sucking lamb, and offered it whole for a holocaust to the Lord: and Samuel cried to the Lord for Israel, and the Lord heard him.
And it came to pass, when Samuel was offering the holocaust, the Philistines began the battle against Israel: but the Lord thundered with a great thunder on that day upon the Philistines, and terrified them, and they were overthrown before the face of Israel.
And the men of Israel going out of Masphath pursued after the Philistines, and made slaughter of them till they came under Bethchar.
And Samuel took a stone, and laid it between Masphath and Sen: and he called the place, the Stone of help. And he said: Thus far the Lord hath helped us.
And the Philistines were humbled, and they did not come any more into the borders of Israel. And the hand of the Lord was against the Philistines, all the days of Samuel.
And the cities, which the Philistines had taken from Israel, were restored to Israel, from Accaron to Geth, and their borders: and he delivered Israel from the hand of the Philistines, and there was peace between Israel and the Amorrhites.
And Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life:
And he went every year about to Bethel and to Galgal and to Masphath, and he judged Israel in the aforesaid places.
And he returned to Ramatha, for there was his house, and there he judged Israel: he built also there an altar to the Lord.
Now when David and his men were come to Siceleg on the third day, the Amalecites had made an invasion on the south side upon Siceleg, and had smitten Siceleg, and burnt it with fire.
And had taken the women captives that were in it, both little and great: and they had not killed any person, but had carried them with them, and went on their way.
So when David and his men came to the city, and found it burnt with fire, and that their wives and their sons, and their daughters were taken captives,
David and the people that were with him, lifted up their voices, and wept till they had no more tears.
For the two wives also of David were taken captives, Achinoam the Jezrahelitess, and Abigail the wife of Nabal of Carmel.
And David was greatly afflicted: for the people had a mind to stone him, for the soul of every man was bitterly grieved for his sons, and daughters: but David took courage in the Lord his God.
And he said to Abiathar the priest the son of Achimelech: Bring me hither the ephod. And Abiathar brought the ephod to David.
And David consulted the Lord, saying: Shall I pursue after these robbers, and shall I overtake them, or not? And the Lord said to him: Pursue after them: for thou shalt surely overtake them and recover the prey.
So David went, he and the six hundred men that were with him, and they came to the torrent Besor: and some being weary stayed there.
But David pursued, he and four hundred men: for two hundred stayed, who being weary could not go over the torrent Besor.
And they found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to David: and they gave him bread to eat, and water to drink,
As also a piece of a cake of figs, and two bunches of raisins. And when he had eaten them his spirit returned, and he was refreshed: for he had not eaten bread, nor drunk water three days, and three nights.
And David said to him: To whom dost thou belong? or whence dost thou come? and whither art thou going? He said: I am a young man of Egypt, the servant of an Amalecite, and my master left me, because I began to be sick three days ago.
For we made an invasion on the south side of Cerethi, and upon Juda, and upon the south of Caleb, and we burnt Siceleg with fire.
And David said to him: Canst thou bring me to this company? And he said: Swear to me by God, that thou wilt not kill me, nor deliver me into the hands of my master, and I will bring thee to this company. And David swore to him.
And when he had brought him, behold they were lying spread upon all the ground, eating and drinking, and as it were keeping a festival day, for all the prey, and the spoils which they had taken out of the land of the Philistines, and out of the land of Juda.
And David slew them from the evening unto the evening of the next day, and there escaped not a man of them, but four hundred young men, who had gotten upon camels, and fled.
So David recovered all that the Amalecites had taken, and he rescued his two wives.
And there was nothing missing small or great, neither of their sons or their daughters, nor of the spoils, and whatsoever they had taken: David recovered all.
And he took all the flocks and the herds, and made them go before him: and they said: This is the prey of David.
And David came to the two hundred men, who being weary had stayed, and were not able to follow David, and he had ordered them to abide at the torrent Besor: and they came out to meet David, and the people that were with him. And David coming to the people saluted them peaceably.
Then all the wicked and unjust men that had gone with David answering, said: Because they came not with us, we will not give them any thing of the prey which we have recovered: but let every man take his wife and his children, and be contented with them, and go his way.
But David said: You shall not do so, my brethren, with these things, which the Lord hath given us, who hath kept us, and hath delivered the robbers that invaded us into our hands.
And no man shall hearken to you in this matter. But equal shall be the portion of him that went down to battle and of him that abode at the baggage, and they shall divide alike.
And this hath been done from that day forward, and since was made a statute, and an ordinance, and as a law in Israel.
Then David came to Siceleg, and sent presents of the prey to the ancients of Juda his neighbours, saying: Receive a blessing of the prey of the enemies of the Lord.
To them that were in Bethel, and that were in Ramoth to the south, and to them that were in Jether,
And to them that were in Aroer and that were in Sephamoth, and that were in Esthamo,
And that were in Rachal, and that were in the cities of Jerameel, and that were in the cities of Ceni,
And that were in Arama, and that were in the lake Asan, and that were in Athach,
And that were in Hebron, and to the rest that were in those places, in which David had abode with his men.
If it had not been that the Lord was with us, let Israel now say:
If it had not been that the Lord was with us, When men rose up against us
perhaps they had swallowed us up alive. When their fury was enkindled against us,
perhaps the waters had swallowed us up.
Our soul hath passed through a torrent: perhaps our soul had passed through a water insupportable.
Blessed be the Lord, who hath not given us to be a prey to their teeth.
Our soul hath been delivered as a sparrow out of the snare of the followers. The snare is broken, and we are delivered.
Our help is in the name of the Lord, who made heaven and earth.
IN the year that Tharthan entered into Azotus, when Sargon the king of the Assyrians had sent him, and he had fought against Azotus, and had taken it:
At that same time the Lord spoke by the hand of Isaias the son of Amos, saying: Go, and loose the sackcloth from off thy loins, and take off thy shoes from thy feet. And he did so, and went naked, and barefoot.
And the Lord said: As my servant Isaias hath walked, naked and barefoot, it shall be a sign and a wonder of three years upon Egypt, and upon Ethiopia,
So shall the king of the Assyrians lead away the prisoners of Egypt, and the captivity of Ethiopia, young and old. naked and barefoot, with their buttocks uncovered to the shame of Egypt.
And they shall be afraid, and ashamed of Ethiopia their hope, and of Egypt their glory.
And the inhabitants of this isle shall say in that day: Lo this was our hope, to whom we fled for help, to deliver up from the face of the king of the Assyrians: and how shall we be able to escape?
Give ear, O thou that rulest Israel: thou that leadest Joseph like a sheep. Thou that sittest upon the cherubims, shine forth
before Ephraim, Benjamin, and Manasses. Stir up thy might, and come to save us.
Convert us, O God: and shew us thy face, and we shall be saved.
O Lord God of hosts, how long wilt thou be angry against the prayer of thy servant?
How long wilt thou feed us with the bread of tears: and give us for our drink tears in measure?
Thou hast made us to be a contradiction to our neighbours: and our enemies have scoffed at us.
O God of hosts, convert us: and shew thy face, and we shall be saved.
Thou hast brought a vineyard out of Egypt: thou hast cast cut the Gentiles and planted it.
Thou wast the guide of its journey in its sight: thou plantedst the roots thereof, and it filled the land.
The shadow of it covered the hills: and the branches thereof the cedars of God.
It stretched forth its branches unto the sea, and its boughs unto the river.
Why hast thou broken down the hedge thereof, so that all they who pass by the way do pluck it?
The boar out of the wood hath laid it waste: and a singular wild beast hath devoured it.
Turn again, O God of hosts, look down from heaven, and see, and visit this vineyard:
And perfect the same which thy right hand hath planted: and upon the son of man whom thou hast confirmed for thyself.
Things set on fire and dug down shall perish at the rebuke of thy countenance.
Let thy hand be upon the man of thy right hand: and upon the son of man whom thou hast confirmed for thyself.
And we depart not from thee, thou shalt quicken us: and we will call upon thy name.
O Lord God of hosts, convert us: and shew thy face, and we shall be saved.
My little children, these things I write to you, that you may not sin. But if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the just:
And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for ours only, but also for those of the whole world.
And by this we know that we have known him, if we keep his commandments.
He who saith that he knoweth him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him.
But he that keepeth his word, in him in very deed the charity of God is perfected; and by this we know that we are in him.
He that saith he abideth in him, ought himself also to walk, even as he walked.
Dearly beloved, I write not a new commandment to you, but an old commandment which you had from the beginning. The old commandment is the word which you have heard.
Again a new commandment I write unto you, which thing is true both in him and in you; because the darkness is passed, and the true light now shineth.
He that saith he is in the light, and hateth his brother, is in darkness even until now.
He that loveth his brother, abideth in the light, and there is no scandal in him.
But he that hateth his brother, is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth; because the darkness hath blinded his eyes.
I write unto you, little children, because your sins are forgiven you for his name's sake.
I write unto you, fathers, because you have known him, who is from the beginning. I write unto you, young men, because you have overcome the wicked one.
I write unto you, babes, because you have known the Father. I write unto you, young men, because you are strong, and the word of God abideth in you, and you have overcome the wicked one.
Love not the world, nor the things which are in the world. If any man love the world, the charity of the Father is not in him.
For all that is in the world, is the concupiscence of the flesh, and the concupiscence of the eyes, and the pride of life, which is not of the Father, but is of the world.
And the world passeth away, and the concupiscence thereof: but he that doth the will of God, abideth for ever.
Little children, it is the last hour; and as you have heard that Antichrist cometh, even now there are become many Antichrists: whereby we know that it is the last hour.
They went out from us, but they were not of us. For if they had been of us, they would no doubt have remained with us; but that they may be manifest, that they are not all of us.
But you have the unction from the Holy One, and know all things.
I have not written to you as to them that know not the truth, but as to them that know it: and that no lie is of the truth.
Who is a liar, but he who denieth that Jesus is the Christ? This is Antichrist, who denieth the Father, and the Son.
Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father. He that confesseth the Son, hath the Father also.
As for you, let that which you have heard from the beginning, abide in you. If that abide in you, which you have heard from the beginning, you also shall abide in the Son, and in the Father.
And this is the promise which he hath promised us, life everlasting.
These things have I written to you, concerning them that seduce you.
And as for you, let the unction, which you have received from him, abide in you. And you have no need that any man teach you; but as his unction teacheth you of all things, and is truth, and is no lie. And as it hath taught you, abide in him.
And now, little children, abide in him, that when he shall appear, we may have confidence, and not be confounded by him at his coming.
If you know, that he is just, know ye, that every one also, who doth justice, is born of him.
And the word of the Lord came to me, saying:
Son of man, there were two women, daughters of one mother.
And they committed fornication in Egypt, in their youth they committed fornication: there were their breasts pressed down, and the teats of their virginity were bruised.
And their names were Oolla the elder, and Ooliba her younger sister: and I took them, and they bore sons and daughters. Now for their names, Samaria is Oolla, and Jerusalem is Ooliba.
And Oolla committed fornication against me, and doted on her lovers, on the Assyrians that came to her,
Who were clothed with blue, princes, and rulers, beautiful youths, all horsemen, mounted upon horses.
And she committed her fornications with those chosen men, all sons of the Assyrians: and she defiled herself with the uncleanness of all them on whom she doted.
Moreover also she did not forsake her fornications which she had committed in Egypt: for they also lay with her in her youth, and they bruised the breasts of her virginity, and poured out their fornication upon her.
Therefore have I delivered her into the hands of her lovers, into the hands of the sons of the Assyrians, upon whose lust she doted.
They discovered her disgrace, took away her sons and daughters, and slew her with the sword: and they became infamous women, and they executed judgments in her.
And when her sister Ooliba saw this, she was mad with lust more than she: and she carried her fornication beyond the fornication of her sister.
Impudently prostituting herself to the children of the Assyrians, the princes, and rulers that came to her, clothed with divers colours, to the horsemen that rode upon horses, and to young men all of great beauty.
And I saw that she was defiled, and that they both took one way.
And she increased her fornications: and when she had seen men painted on the wall, the images of the Chaldeans set forth in colours,
And girded with girdles about their reins, and with dyed turbans on their heads, the resemblance of all the captains, the likeness of the sons of Babylon, and of the land of the Chaldeans wherein they were born,
She doted upon them with the lust of her eyes, and she sent messengers to them into Chaldea.
And when the sons of Babylon were come to her to the bed of love, they defiled her with their fornications, and she was polluted by them, and her soul was glutted with them.
And she discovered her fornications, and discovered her disgrace: and my soul was alienated from her, as my soul was alienated from her sister.
For she multiplied her fornications, remembering the days of her youth, in which she played the harlot in the land of Egypt.
And she was mad with lust after lying with them whose flesh is as the flesh of asses: and whose issue as the issue of horses.
And thou hast renewed the wickedness of thy youth, when thy breasts were pressed in Egypt, and the papa of thy virginity broken.
Therefore, Ooliba, thus saith the Lord God: Behold I will raise up against thee all thy lovers with whom thy soul hath been glutted: and I will gather them together against thee round about.
The children of Babylon, and all the Chaldeans, the nobles, and the kings, and princes, all the sons of the Assyrians, beautiful young men, all the captains, and rulers, the princes of princes, and the renowned horsemen.
And they shall come upon thee well appointed with chariot and wheel, a multitude of people: they shall be armed against thee on every side with breastplate, and buckler, and helmet: and I will set judgment before them, and they shall judge thee by their judgments.
And I will set my jealousy against thee, which they shall execute upon thee with fury: they shall cut off thy nose and thy ears: and what remains shall fall by the sword: they shall take thy sons, and thy daughters, and thy residue shall be devoured by fire.
And they shall strip thee of thy garments, and take away the instruments of thy glory.
And I will put an end to thy wickedness in thee, and thy fornication brought out of the land of Egypt: neither shalt thou lift up thy eyes to them, nor remember Egypt any more.
