Promotion of Hindu Religion
16. Maintaining the National Wildlife Research and Training Center
No. of children referred to pre-school
The target for granting self employment  loans in 2011 was 25 and loans had been issued to 19  persons by the end of the year .
These festivals have been celebrated by this Ministry in 2014.
Action had not been taken to recover Rs. 1,214,344 remained in arrears for over a period of one year, out of the arrears of rent amounting to Rs. 1,431,227 recoverable from the renting of the road roller as at 31 December 2017.
And also, a stall of departmental publications was maintained at the exhibition premises and purchase of 1248 publications earned the government a sum of 2, 24,475.00 Rupees.
High powered electric bulbs and Ignitor 33⅓%
(e) Staff Administration
Government Foreign Debt Portfolio
For instance, from January to the end of December 2014, more than 453 officials have been selected to obtain foreign exposure in China and a maximum of 8 officials per programme have been selected.
D.G.S.A - 2
The provision for depreciation is calculated using a straight line method on the cost of all Property, Plant and Equipment other than freehold land, in order to write off such amounts over the estimated useful lives.
T. P. - 021 2283660
Mrs. B. K. S. M. Shyama Samaraweera
Should be comply with the procurement procedure.
Conducting language courses
If the space given in the form is not sufficient, they should be reported as an annexure to this report.
When preparing the consolidated Financial Statements, the Management of the Associated Newspapers Company had not ascertained the Company's ability to continue the business, based on going concern concept as per Section 3.8 of the Sri Lanka Accounting Standards for Small and Medium Enterprises.
Contrary to Paragraph 55 of LKAS 19, the Company had calculated the retirement benefit obligation based on half month’s salary of the last month of the financial year of all employees for completed years of service.
Five training programs were conducted on wildlife health management & the use of communication equipment, one training program for newly recruited Management Assistants and a training program on finance and office management were conducted.
This division is responsible for facilitating the consolidation and management of the World Bank and IMF funds to accelerate economic growth as Sri Lanka is positioned as a high middle-income country.
Read more...
Common Amenities Board Law, No. 10 of 1973
The Government of Sri Lanka and the Government of Belarus have signed a treaty on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Trade Payables
However, all arrangements are in place to commence the project work expeditiously upon identification of a permanent location for the construction of the Police Headquarters.
Palinda Nuwara
Act No. 05 of 1995, is applicable for the transfer to a specified country of a citizen of such a country convicted of an offense in Sri Lanka and transfer to Sri Lanka of any citizen of Sri Lanka convicted of an offense in a specified country.
In this case, the investor's share changes in the investee's equity is identified immediately after the date of acquisition.
Projects
3. Introducing the Guidelines Required to Improve Management Auditing
Appointed on 01.11.2012.
Estimated Costs (Rs.)
The market price of the share of the Lanka Cement Company as at the balance sheet date was Rs.23.25.
Bank loan interest
Village Community and School Children
A two day training workshop for Computer Instructors at the computer centers of the Authority scattered through out the island was held at the Moratuwa university on 3,4 December 2011 in collaboration with the Moratuwa university with full support of the Vice Chancellor, the Dean of the Information Technology faculty and the staff.
Based on this concept, the Road Map programme was initiated in 2012 by this Ministry.
(IV) Debtors
Development is under discussion.
Constructions of roads made without a proper standard
Financial liabilities are recognized initially at transaction price.
In-house Production Others
Commercial Buildings/ Stores
Trade Receivable
In fact, Project is supported the Government to making investments in a holistic manner that consider current and future climatic risk across sectors
Source (3.8): Department of Meteorology, Head Office, Colombo
Problems with crops and water resources due to high evaporation caused by rising environmental temperatures
The bonus liability is calculated using the simplifications allowed under Section 28 of the SLFRS For SMES.
So all the 3 workshop have done successfully.
Director General
Finishing Section
Management Inefficiencies
Mobile Services for Issuing of Elders ID Cards - 2013
Government Fiscal Management (Divisional Secretariat - Welivitiya, Gonapinuwala, Thawalama)
04. This Circular is issued with the concurrence of the General Treasury.
Director General, Department of State Accounts
(d) Even though the goods had been ordered 46 days after the expiry of the quotations, the supplier concerned had not agreed to supply the goods.
3.7 Annexure
Bicycle 15%
Data collection,
Training had been given for 289 staffs by the Northern Provincial Department of Education through the Educational Sector Development Project (ESDP) cost Rs. 5.76 million in August to December of year under review.
Summarized below are the broad areas of work so undertaken by the DOC.
Quantity
The Solid Waste Management project had been implemented from 28 April 2016.
Treasury Miscellaneous vote (TMV)
The real estate plant is primarily accounted for by the cumulative cost minus the cost.
Accordingly, 251 participants were trained in 2014 through the 05 Teacher Training Programmes.
Department of Examinations of Sri Lanka / Department of Official Languages
Food Commissioner
Actual Expenditure 2013 (Rs.)
The University Grants Commission planned a nine-day in-house training program in response to a special request made by the University Grants Commission under the 21st Century (HETC) World Bank Project to enhance the technical knowledge of the technical staff of affiliated universities and institutes with more practical revelations.
01.Enhance technological knowledge needed to conduct experiments on lesser known & under utilized plants
Ms. H. D. N. Fernando
Accordingly, the broad areas of work undertaken by the Department of Commerce are summarised below
4.0 Joint Commissions on Trade, Economic & Technical Cooperation
“Sural Nada” - Imbulpe
Chemical Analysis of Water Sample
Cost (Rs. million)
However, the depreciation had been made based on straight line method.
4. Acting as the Head in executing divisional administrative affairs in collaboration with 19 Divisional Secretaries of the District.
4. A representative of the Chamber of Commerce
Administrative Heads of the Ministry
Program Assistant (Research & Development Officer)
This financing was obtained mainly in the form of (i) export credit, (ii) commercial credit, (iii) conventional loan assistance, and (iv) grant aid.
Criteria Based Grant (CBG)
Since instructions have been received to drastically restrict the allocation of additional provisions in the year 2015, the Chief Accounting Officer /Accounting Officer should maintain a proper control over the expenditure falling under their expenditure heads.
Week-end payment for executive
Ms. Gunaratne previously served in the Land Commissioner General's Department.
Those Standards require that I comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements.
Conducted at Welikanda, Alsepura, Maithirugama Sri Sutharshnarama Vihara, Polonnaruwa from 31.05.2014 to 01.06.2014.
3.6 Mahagona wewa Project
1. Mrs. Emelda Sukumar - Chairman
The value of Rs. 4,943,026 is to be taken as stock items by the stores department.
DGM (Sabaragamuwa Province)
From the time that the first batch of vehicles was granted the duty exemption in 2008, seven companies have ventured into the automobile assembly industry.
Eng. R. M. W. Rathnayake
Certain matters revealed at an analytical review of the Financial Statements as compared with the preceding year are given below.
Laxman Pinthu Jayathilake Seneviratne
50 Navarathri Poojas were conducted at District level from 24th Sep to 03rd October in 19 Districts namely Jaffna, Batticaloa, Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Kilinochchi, Mullaitivu, Amparai, Matale, Badulla, Puttalam, Trincomalee, Matara, Ratnapura, Kalutura, Polonnaruwa, Colombo, Galle, Gampaha and Vavuniya.
3.5 Uneconomic Transactions
Communication Systems Unit is responsible for the Voice and Data communication network over Power Line; PLC Network, Optical Fiber Network including the end equipment, the PLC and PLTS Telephone systems, Telephone exchanges and the auxiliary systems at Power Stations and Grid Substations throughout the country.
02. Bank Financial Design Expenditure
Export Expenses
According to the progress reports of the Project, the overall physical progress of the activities of the Project had been reported as 98.50 per cent as at 31 December 2015.
Overall, the recurrent expenditure shows a huge increase when compared to the previous year.
Sale of Goods & Services
Performance according to operating units
Zone
Progress of the Development Programmes - Expenditure Head
Amount (Rs. Mn.)
02 days
04. Mr. Mahinda Abeysundara
(a) This was due to the appointment of an unsuitable person as the store manager and consequently the lack of proper store control.
Refunds made (All)
This project was completed in 2013 except for the Student Registration (External) and Examination modules which could not be implemented due to the lack of infrastructure required at client's site.
Providing details required for surveys (L96)
(to be prepared from summary details of D. G. S. A. 5 (i))
Large Flags
Driver
http://dl.accimt.ac.lk/
Annual Performance Report 2015
Contribute to maintaining long-term external debt sustainability.
A proposal has been put forward to cultivate cashew in the jungle land adjacent to the Palavi Cement Factory in Puttalam.
5. Performance
Institutional and Policy Support:
Payments During the Year as at 31.12.2011
According to the information received, the allocation of Rs. 600 million had been made in the Annual Estimate -2017 to implement the activities of the Project and out of that a sum of Rs. 575 million had been transferred subsequently to other Projects executed by the Line Ministry.
Beligolla
5000 Metre (Male)
Elawelle Gedara Chinthaka Sumith Kumara
Ministry of Defense
Preparation of analytical reports on foreign finance in a timely manner
Salary corresponding to the Salary Point mentioned in 1(f) above, which is to be paid from 01.01.2016 as per Schedule II
Siththi Vinayakar Aranery School, Sri Veeraiyadi Aranery School, Sivasakthi Aranery School, Sri Nagalinga Vairavar Aranery School, Sri Muthumaariyamman Aranery School, Vivekanada Aranery School and Bharathiyar Aranery School in Battocaloa, Sri Pararaja Pillaiyar Aranery School, Sivagami Aranery School, Sri Selvakkathirgama Mrugan Aranery School, Nellandaiyamman Aranery School, Sivaththamil Aranery School and Sivan Aranery School in Jaffna, Swami Vivekanadar Aranery School, Sri Muthumariyamman Aranery School, Poompuhar Siththivinayakar Aranery School, Sri Murugan Aranery School and Siththi Vinayakar Aranery School in Mannar, Sri Veerakaththi Pillaiyar Aranery School, Sri Murugan Aranery School, Sittoondi Vinayakar Aranery School, Arulmigu Kandasamy Aranery School, Swamy Vivekanadar Aranery School and Sri Naagapoosaniyamman Aranery School in Kilinochchi participated in the programs conducted in respect of their districts.
Establishment Act and Registration
In terms of the categorization of P. A. C. 03/2016 as at 31.12.2017,
If not, reasons for each difference should be reported separately as annexures to this report.
Comparative note of the registered number of voters according to the Polling Divisions (2006-2015)
U. K. N .Rathnayake
Office rent
The Law Commission will study the draft clinical Trials Bill sent by the Ministry of Health for the observation of the Law Commission.
Accordingly, the Ministry of Social Services launched a program called Sisu Nena Pubuduwa as a social development program to encourage children to read.
Provisions are measured at the estimated expenditure required to settle the present obligation, based on the most reliable evidence available at the reporting date, including the risks and uncertainties associated with the present obligation.
Special programs
Idle / Underutilized Assets
Survey Requests
Disposal during the year
Quarterly progress review meetings on Departments and Institutions operating under the Ministry were held.
Poya Day Live Telecast
Maintenance of the accounts properly
Some of the staff officers of the Ministry were afforded the opportunity of taking part in several overseas training sessions.
12. As the trustee of the temple property
Around 70 households have been selected for a month in Puttalam District for the survey and based on the information collected from all over the Island, reports are being published quarterly by the Department.
My No.: EST-7/INSUR/04/1020
23- 1 With holding tax
75. Preparation of National Biodiversity Strategic Action Plan for the implementation of the Convention on Biodiversity
Ari
Abandoned Courses halfway
Current Status: Signing of a Terminal Service Agreement between Coal Company and Sri Lanka Gateway Industries Company in September 2013
The implementation of such measures in the Ministry's own projects
2. Financial Review
Holding the District Literary Festival at Marawila Upananda College, Galle in collaboration with Akmeemana Divisional Secretariat.
The Strengthening the Enforcement of Law, Access to Justice and Social Integration (SELAJSI)
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have passed to the buyer; with the Company retaining neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control over the goods sold.
In the long hard haul that the process of resettlement has entailed, perhaps the most remarkable factor is the role played by the military.
Nature of the SLFRS Adjustments / Effects
The Progress of undergraduates is as follows.
6.5 Mediation Boards Commission
Surcharge value charged during the year  Rs.76,693.05
A total of 138 Judges participated the event.
KBC Bank Belgium
Among those officers subject to exposure in local training programmes there were police personnel who followed the training course on community policing, the training course on ethics and the training course on institutional management aimed at delivering a public-friendly service.
Steps have been taken to increase the staff by 11 positions of Grade II Jailors (Female) and 80 positions of Grade II Guards (Female) totalling 91 positions to meet with the requirements.
With the completion of the training programme, they are expected to be assigned as teachers for the classes conducted by the Language Associations in the Northern Province.
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted at the reporting period end applicable for the Company's operate and generate taxable income.
7.	North Central
(I) An officer from Sri Lanka Administrative Service serving attached to Combined Services division of the Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs
The salaries and allowances mentioned in the said new Circular shall be paid to non-staff officers from July 2015 and to staff officers from September 2015 along with the arrears of salary relevant to the above period.
The National Institute of Sports Science plays a leading role in identifying, registering and developing the knowledge and skills of sports coaches relevant to all sports in Sri Lanka.
Achievements 2016
Certain significant statistics relating to the financing, budgetary provision for the year under review and the utilization of funds during the year under review and up to 31 December 2015 are shown below.
Regional committee Meeting
Amount agreed to be financed according to the Grant Agreement
Part-time Second Languages Courses for Public Officers (Level I / Level II/ Level III)
Galle Municipal Council
2.3. Achievements
2. To increase cropping Intensity by crop diversification
Dr. R.P.M. Pathirathne
The main cargo base has been the government cargoes offered to CSCL under the existing Public Finance Circular No: FIN 415, to and from places all over the world during the year under review.
Programmes produced by this unit during the year 2012:
Replacement of all gaskets of the 132/33 kV 31.5 MVA transformer and defective 33 kV breaker poles at the Seethawaka grid substation
Bank Balances
The study conducted in Yala 2013 revealed that the fertigation with each irrigation event could be used to increase green chilli yield by around 22% and water use efficiency by around 25% compared to the manual application of fertilizer in RBE soil.
Institute Library and Information Division functions as a special library and consists of a fair collection of books, periodicals and other educational material in the fields of Communications, Information Technology, Electronics, Photonics and Space Technology.
Construction Sector
04. Current Post:
Devagiri Temple, Chilaw
Mrs. D. K. R. Ekanayake
Public Administration Circular: 30/2014
Deputy Registrar / General Administration (Services)
Cash flow spent on operational activities (b)
Total no of Recruited
1.3.3. Suspense Accounts
Upper Kothmale Hydropower Project
The contributions are payable and any unpaid amounts are recognized in current liabilities.
The following instances of non-compliance were observed.
Karandeniya
Break down of awarding of scholarships among Services
The Agreement on South Asian Free Trade Area (SAFTA) was signed in January 2004 during the 12th SAARC Summit held in Islamabad, Pakistan and entered in to force on 1st of January 2006.
Amount paid as subsidies (Rs. Million)
Commitments as at 31.12.2014 (Rs. Bn)
2015 Seminar Training Course on Maintenance & Management of Sports Facilities for Countries
Action not taken in respect of idle and under-utilized assets.
Carpenter, Mason, Plumber, Painter, Welder
The details of the beneficiaries who obtained the payment in 2015 in our district, under this scheme are as follows.
Furniture and Fittings
(2) that the Field Assistants mentioned in (1) above do not fall under the category of Field Officers identified by the Department of Management Services;
“Day to day life and stressful minds of the lady employees” an awareness Programme, parallel to the Women’s Day
03. It should be noted here that satisfactory progress was achieved in the year 2014 not only for Bim Saviya Programme, but also for the land title settlement programme.
i.    Loans and receivables
17. Appropriation Act 16/ 2015
Creating self-employment opportunities in rural areas and developing the livestock sector have contributed to improving the living standards of the people as well as the level of nutrition.
Dividends (gross)
Paddy Marketing Board
Statistics on Cattle, Poultry, etc.
1. Acting as a general custodian, caretaker or security guardian
4.1.2.1 On-line Administration System - Buddhist & Pali University
Investor's Share of Profit or Loss for the Reporting Period 2012 Recognized in the Comprehensive Income
Eastern
V. Acquiring lands is being implemented for the displacement of existing prisons for the years ahead in Negombo, Galle, and in Batticaloa.
Therefore, it was clear that the Board had overestimated their standard prices of the inventory items than actuals in most instances.
Schedule
Materials Technology Section (MTS)
Advance from Holcim Company
e-mail:
Applications for Short, Long, and Nurthi Drama episodes were accepted.
1. Mosques
Number of Voters relevant for each year
Arthur C. Clark Institute for Modern Technology
The overtime allowance shall be calculated based on the Salary Point determined at each instance within the period, in which this Circular is implemented on the phase basis.
Transfers Abroad —(Investment)
The Register of Fixed Assets, Board of Survey Reports, Title Deeds
No.of cases Received
A sum of Rs. 2,746,672 had been invested in fixed deposits without the approval of the relevant Minister and the Minister of Finance.
Swashakthi Group Workshops
Note: One of these officers shall be an officer who had served in the transfer board.
Recurrent expenditure of Rs.4,533,521‍ and capital expenditure of Rs.1,149,660‍ had been incurred in respect of solid waste management during the year under review.
Providing necessary Ministerial support needed in performing the duties of the Department
3. Supplying prizes for the Aurudu festival conducted by the Nugedolawattha Ranaviru village
Awarding scholarships to skilled children who are facing financial difficulties in their studies
Rural level field officers, development mediators
Cases related to the interpretation of the Constitution
Large scale major development projects are conducted with the contribution of Government funding.
Sri Lanka’s very high Muslim community follows the Islamic Religious Rituals and cultural values.
Monday, 14 August, 2017
Training session on modern surveying technology for the officers of the Ministry of Lands and Land Development
Moreover, the tasks and responsibilities of the Ministry have been decentralized under several divisions for good governance and smooth functioning.
5.9 At this election, 12,317 ordinary polling stations were established for 12,021 polling districts.
If an allowance is paid as a percentage of the salary to the officers of any institution or service/ position, those allowances should be limited to the financial value existed as at 31.12.2015.
Steps will be taken to rectify the errors pointed out by the audit and to effectively manage the money belonging to the Sabha.
Maintenance Expenditure
3.6 Issues on Land Acquisition and Resettlement Activities
Meta data is a set of data that describes and gives information about spatial data
Accordingly, the possibility of utilization of the balance amount of allocation within the balance period of the Project remains in doubt, due to the poor performance of work under the contract on On-site Sanitation Improvements.
11. Constructions and assets
Motivation for Self Employment
APPLICATION FOR INFRASTRUCTURE FACILITIES / OTHER SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE REGIONAL INDUSTRY SERVICE CENTER:
The financial statements of the Company comply with the requirements of Section 151 of the Companies Act, No. 07 of 2007 except that the Company had not filed annual returns with Registrar of Companies since 2013.
Mrs. A. M. U. S. Kumari
03. DEPARTMENTS COMING UNDER THE PURVIEW OF THE MINISTRY OF JUSTICE
Action will be taken by the Secretary, Ministry of Finance and Planning to issue a Circular indicating that the aforesaid language proficiency made applicable to the Public Service, will also be applicable to the officers who enter the posts in Public Corporations, Statutory Boards, State Banks and fully owned Government Companies on or after the date on which this Circular comes into operation.
Equity
Maintain transmission voltage variations within ±10% for 132 kV and 220 kV and frequency within ±1% of 50 Hz of the system
Number of Days of Debtors Turnover
Rehabilitation of underground storm water drainage system in Kandy City
K. Premasiri
The prime aim of the National Building Research Organisation (NBRO) is to spread and promote culture of disaster mitigation, preparedness and safety through innovative disaster education, research and training by rendering highly specialized professional services at the cutting edge of science and technology.
Under the ‘Divi Naguma’ programme over 200 persons were trained at the programmes held in Batticoloa, Polonnarauwa, Galle and Kurunegala.
The impact arising from the above changes are summarized below.
Preparation of schemes of recruitment and submission for approval
(ii) Lease Rent
Commission drew its attention towards the importance of conducting programmes for school children based on the experiences got from school debating competitions and speech contests organized in 2013 and 2014.
31 people
Location
State Secretary
The General Manager of the Authority has informed me that this situation had changed with action taken to send 125 employees on voluntary retirement using provisions from the Treasury and that the situation would change further with the possibility of receiving provisions from the Treasury for the salaries of the year 2012.
Expert team from the Japanese International Co-operation Agency (JICA) has been recommended the replacing of all mechanical components with new items in 2009.
Computer Certificate
But, in the year of 2013, these bank charges have been calculated monthly.
The Media Division was established as a unit under the Department of Information Technology Management with the objective of making the public aware of economic and development programmes.
Conducting programs in the Divisional Secretariats to identify the persons who are likely to be allured into offenses and guide them to the right path at the very first instance
Crabs
Increase investments in education to 6% of GDP gradually
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the Balance Sheet date are converted to Sri Lankan Rupees at the foreign exchange control rate ruling at that date.
96. Tissamaharama
Birth
Male Student Hostel, Animal Husbandry Training School, Kilinochchi
The training institute is located in a beautiful area and has a lecture hall that can accommodate up to 250 trainees at a time, halls for group discussions, a dormitory that can accommodate up to 60 trainees and a library.
04) Once the salary is revised as above 02), the revised salary shall be paid from 01.07.2013 without paying the arrears of salary.
Payment for preparation of final accounts
Accordingly 5000 copies of Spoken Tamil, 3500 copies of Written Tamil, 50000 copies of the book called “Let’s Learn Sinhala, Tamil and English” and 1000 copies of the Trilingual dictionary were printed.
Total from the Treasury
Bopagoda Hettiarachchige Wijepala
Preparation of Transfer Procedure
Shooting
(a) According to the Implementation Plan of the Project, 07 provincial roads in Anuradhapura District with the length of 75.65 kilometres, 04 provincial roads in Killinochchi District with the length of 24.11 kilometres, and 02 provincial roads in Mulathivu District with the length of 24.49 kilometres were expected to be rehabilitated during the period of the Project.
Public Nuisance
The subjects covered in the overseas training programs were planning, design, communication, automation of substations, operation of substations and, maintenance of substations, and transmission lines.
Depreciation of Fixed Assets
Statement of Arrears of Revenue for the period ended 31st December …………………….
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards, and for such internal control as Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards, and for such internal control as what the Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Purchasing the products of the members
Naiwela - Monaragala
Purchasing
Allocation for the Year-End
Visually Handicapped Trust Fund - Financial Progress
Food Dehydration
Administrative Officer
Development of Discernment in Public Expenditure - 2019
Sports goods
6.2 Other Operating Income
6. 4 Detailed Financial Statement for the year ended 31 December 2013
Dr. Sujit Kumar Samaddar, USA
Results to be achieved
Middle East Countries
Systems Analyst
Mawathagama
Mr. W. J. L. S. Fernando (Up to 9th October 2013)
Crushed dry salt
According to the Circular No. MOFP/ERD/2007/2 of 07 August 2007 of the Ministry of Finance and Planning, the financial statements of the Project for the year ended 31 December 2015 required to be submitted to the Auditor General on or before 31 March 2016.
Lease Rental
Adjustments
The progress of conduct of the courses other than the Degree Courses in the year 2012 is given below.
Reclassification
Provision of suitable land for war heroes and their families for building houses for living
Abandoned Courses halfway
Vidatha - Angunakolapelessa
Advice State Ministries / departments / corporations / boards / universities and other private institutions on conservation of documents
Year
Awareness Programmes For Estate Workers
Additional Solicitor General/ Legal Draftsman
Out of the State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) under purview of the Department of Public Enterprises (PED), 55 State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) have been identified as State Owned Business Enterprises (SOBEs) engaged in commercial activities.
Package No: CP 07
All other iterations - a
In 1982 the Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage was taken over by the Department of National Zoological Gardens.
Better focus on the countries in need
Further, maintain a Database Management computer system for Language Division and procurement of SELAJSI project is in progress at present.
Huruluwewa
The Secretary to the Treasury represented the General Treasury at COPE.
Official Transport Facilities to Public Officers/Judicial Officers/Officers in Government Corporation and Statutory Boards
03. National Identity Card No:
(d) the satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous audit report, and
Industries
Department of Statistics - Recurrent
Replacement of older electromechanical relays which do not possess fault recording and communication functions, with numerical relays
Registration of relevant employees for convenience efficient and correct distribution of compensation to dependents and/or legal heirs in the event of the death of a person who went abroad for employment under Section 10 (a) of the Public Trustee Ordinance as amended by Act No. 61 of 1988
Roads and Bridges 64%
(ii)- The dependants of the members of the Armed Forces and Police Force who have been killed or are missing in action to have access to education and higher education by the provision of scholarships and other forms of assistance.
A Cabinet Memorandum has already been submitted seeking approval to set up the relevant company.
In terms of the Registration of Electors Act No. 44 of 1980, as in the previous years, 1st of June of the relevant year was considered as the qualifying date.
Journal entries should be submitted to the Department of Public Accounts in accordance with the information contained in the Second Supplementary Treasury Account Statement above.
(SELAJSI)
Mr. R. A. S. S. Gunasekara
I also identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Senior Executive/ Medical Consultants
Monthly Summary of Non-Financial Asset Accounts
Rs. Million
The rural population living in Galle District is 85%.
Disciplinary Activities
Polonnaruwa District
Accordingly, needy and vulnerable elders over the age of 70, neglected by their children or relatives and not awarded with any government pensions, widows' pensions, provident funds, farmer fisheries or self-employment pensions or any other social insurance proposals are considered to receive pensions under this scheme.
Survey Training Camp for Civil Engineering Students (Group A), Institute of Engineering Technology, Katunayake
Income has been identified on the accrued basis subsequent to providing   relevant services as per the Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
3. 5 Assets Management
Minority interest
Vavunativu Grid Substation is under Construction
Financial allocations released for 7 New Year Festivals to enhance mutual respect, understanding and trust among the ethnic groups.
This field was registered under the Seed Certification Service.
Transfers in Accordance with FR 66, 69
Under the programme conducted for raising the awareness of school children on the implementation of the Official Language Policy, the Language Division has enhanced the awareness of around 2,880 students of Kandy, Matara, Ampara, Gampaha, Colombo, Kalutara and Batiicaloa districts.
Physics
04. Mr. Sampath Perera
Director (Administration)
Taxes and Other
06. Reimbursable Expenses
(a) The trade and other debtors balance as at 31 December 2012 had been amounted to Rs. 11,748,223.
Overview
Setting up of a New Section in the Police to resolve Complaints on Religious Affairs
Number of disputes
(c) Sale during the year 2012 of machinery of the Bangadeniya Factory closed down in the year 2002 for scrap value had generated an income of Rs.7,957,298.
15. Trincomalee
Establishment of a Police University
Non-Revenue Receipts
Central Dispensary
F1 generation
Number of acres under paddy cultivation
Honorable Prime Minister at a meeting dated 26.05.2015 has given instructions to introduce a new Act.
real time forecasting,
7.5 Recruitments and Promotions in Sri Lanka Police and STF
Thereafter historical rate has to be maintained.
02kg
Position Service, Grade / Class
(b)Income from contra agreements of the year under review had been overstated by a sum of Rs. 19,632,842 by adjusting the creditors balances generated from contra agreements in previous years as income from contra agreements in the year under review.
Marketing
Problems faced by migrant workers are categorized as nonpayment of wages, sexual harassment, death of migrant workers overseas, repatriation to Sri Lanka, etc.
(iv) The National Institution of Fisheries and Nautical Engineering being an institution with the primary function of the conduct of courses without engaging in other extraneous activity, the number of students completing the courses during the particular year represents the overall output of the Institute during such year.
Draftsman
Coordinating election duties
02. In addition, all the Heads of Institutions are required to pay their personal attention towards minimizing waste and economical usage of funds for the expenditure of their agencies considering adverse pressure exerted on the Government Revenue due to impediments caused to the economic activities through unexpected incidents that occurred in April 2019.
Monthly financial subsidiary for each family
Teak wall
Dr. Shani Fernando
(b) New books had been issued without the second copy of the running charts used by the drivers, being collected by the subject clerk or the relevant divisions.
On or before 23rd February 2016
Finance Division
Rs. 30,000.00 (Rs. 3,000 per day)
The particular person serves as vaccinator as non-availability of lift service in that period.
17. Chairman - Inter-University Academic Support Staff Association
26 November - 11 December
Developing essential infrastructure facilities of Pre-schools, Children’s parks, enhancing sanitary facilities, Elders homes, Day Care Centers, reconstructions of Community Halls, enhancing water supplying facilities, reconstructions of bridges, Roads and School buildings were carried out under this program.
Unexplained Differences
All these facts, taken as a whole, provides a clear understanding on the measures already taken by the government to make the public service bilingual.
Entities are required to “devise and maintain” a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that, transactions are executed in accordance with Management’s general or specific authorization, transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with the applicable reporting standards and to maintain accountability for assets; accessing of assets is permitted only in accordance with Management’s general or specific authorization, and  the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
Best Current Affairs Programme
Visit the instruction leaflet to obtain information in regard to the persons who are permitted to enter into the polling station, the valid identity documents for casting vote, and the duties of the staff of the polling station.
Distribution of Tapping Knives (No. of Knives)
II. RF Ablation (Maximum)
Total by money
01 Computer Hardware Engineering Science
At the same time, it will meet the power needs of small, medium, and large industries.
The main strategy for obtaining animals for the department is to implement animal exchange programs.
A variety of Curry leaf beverage
Accounts Payable - TG
From 01.01.2016 (Rs.)
Unnichchai
Capital
Henarathgoda Botanical Gardens, Gampaha
Recoveries
Eheliyagoda
The Court of Appeal also issues necessary orders and orders on matters relating to the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act No. 25 of 2002 and the Mutual Assistance in Civil and Commercial Act No. 39 of 2000 and hears election petitions.
The existing training institute which is under the Department of Prisons had been planned to be rebuilt with much more facilities at Kotawilawatta area in Matara simultaneously to the national development program named “Deyata Kirula” in year 2015.
3.2.15. Enumerators were instructed to make every effort at the enumeration to record the National Identity Card Numbers of persons, who have obtained National Identity Cards, as the production of a valid identity card has been made compulsory at the time of voting according to the Elections (Special Provisions) Act No. 14 of 2004.
This data system has been included in the Departmental website as SDI.
05. This Circular is issued with the concurrence of the General Treasury.
Training programs conducted in collaboration with foreign training institutions
All the plans of western province prepared by Survey Department can be searched through Survey Plan Searcher of web site of www.survey.gov.lk of Survey Department.
Public administration Circular: 10/2015 (II)
Fuel and Lubricant
Transfer of Offenders
b. The Secretary to the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy was directed to inquire into the Public Service Commission in accordance with the policy approval mentioned in (a) above.
Preparation of salaries
Social Security Contributions
However, prior approval of the Commissioner of Elections is required to commence the count in counting centers.
During the review period the Company donated Rs. 2,933 Mn. towards charitable institutions.
Are you a candidate with special needs? :
Ten new mosques have been registered this year and new appointments have been made to 350 mosque trustees.
Other jobs such as Service Main Connection (SMC), System Augmentation (SYA), Jobs carried out from Iran funded Projects, Project works carried out under Gama Naguma and Decentralized Budget (DCB) etc. had been valued at standard cost.
Resource Person Delivering a Lecture
Welanei
The accrual basis continued to be followed except with respect to support costs.
Driver/Office Assistant
(c) Providing the Race Course on the rental basis for various parties for the conduct of festivals based on the Race Course for ‘Wasantha Samaya’ in Nuwara Eliya.
150,000 Elders ID cards have been printed during the year 2012.
1.1 Minister of Home Affairs
3000 copies of the guidance book were printed.
Key functions performed by the Commercial Officers aboard include the following.
Sports Unit
In the meantime, the Ministry is committed to bring the great benefits of the development process to the grass root level of the society.
It also contributes immensely to the economy.
Other than these Priority Road Development Projects, Road Development Authority also accessed local bank financing for implementing variations to the scope of works of the construction of Colombo - Katunayake Expressway Project (CKE) as well as consultancy services for construction supervision of Phase III of Kadawatha to Kerawalapitiya Outer Circular Highway Project (OCH).
25. Divisional Secretariat - Nagoda
7. Formats of the Appropriation Account
The Bill has been passed by Parliament and bears the number 26 of 2014.
As per the provisions of the orders published in the Gazette of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka in terms of the relevant Act, a rubber land which is assisted under this subsidy scheme can not be alienated without the permission of the Director General of the Rubber Development Department.
The reasons for delays need to be investigated.
Mannar Industrial Estate
Security and law enforcement
Mr. K. M. M. B. Kulatunga
Ms. W. G. Manoja
Despite the establishment of the Project Management Unit, work involving the project slowed down due to change of the originally identified location for construction of the Police Headquarters and also in view of the fact that there was a delay in arriving at a firm policy decision on the new location.
However, the Company had conducted only three Audit and Management Committee meetings during the year under review.
To assist parties to arrive at a settlement on the repayment of loans on mortgage Bonds, Deeds of Conditional Transfer and Deeds of transfer executed solely for a loan transaction in respect of immovable property
The total capital expenditure incurred on the acquisition of fixed assets during the year amounted to Rs. 13,627,124.84 as against Rs.74, 907.78 in the previous year.
Districts where the Examination Center will be established
42. Mundal
Lack of transparency of the procurement process applied.
The actual expenditure, under Special Law Services was Rs. 1,073 billion.
Current practice in the country makes the rich richer and the poor poorer.
A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Corporation will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the receivables.
Hundredth batch of the trained prison Guards (208 Officers) in the history of the Prisons passed out on 15.09.2015 at a ceremony held under the patronage of Honorable Thilak Marapana, Minister of Law & Order and Prison Reforms.
Payment of the increments of salaries beyond the maximum salary step to the officers reaching the maximum salary step of a Transitional Grade.
Accordingly, the key performance indicators developed by the Ministry of Women and Child Affairs are in Annexure H for consideration by the Ministries when preparing the budget estimates and the key performance indicators that are expected to be achieved in 2018 should be mentioned.
The Board of Directors further states that the service rendered by the employees of the Sri Lanka Cement Corporation for its advancement and development is appreciated.
Clerical & Allied grades
Main functions of the Department are given below:
According to the Loan Agreements, the Presidential Secretariat is the Executing and Implementing Agency of the Programme.
It is being designed at present.
In addition, thereto, the Amendment Act No.29 of 1999 enables the Board to intervene in respect of transfer deeds executed purely for a loan transaction, resulting in further expansion of its relief support.
Meanwhile, the net current assets had become a positive figure of Rs. 12 billion in 2013 as compared with the negative figure of Rs. 30 billion in the previous year.
Surplus before taxation or Net Deficit
The Company has defined, the Key Management Personnel of the Company are the members of its Board of Directors and that of its parent company and the Divisional Heads including General Manager.
After initial recognition, quoted equity investments classified as AFS financial assets are measured at fair value.
Grants were provided to the  Eheliyagoda and Badulla Language Clusters and 2 more Language Clusters were set up in the Kilinochchi District.
Receipt of funds for reimbursement of expenses
Internationally recognized exhibitions are organized with the collaboration of the privet sector and industry chambers to introduce modern technology and to expand the market for Sri Lankan products in each industry sector.
High percentage of income generated by the institute is from testing and calibration services while income from technology transfer and R&D is around 5%.
Implementation of 168 Prevention Education Programs Selected by the Universal Declaration of Substitute Strategic Policies for the Prevention of Alcohol, Tobacco and Adverse Psychological Targets Aimed at the General Public
New activities to be carried out for the implementation of the recommendations of the Committee appointed by the Cabinet of Ministers
Submission of F. R. 69 applications to the Department of National Budget before issuing the second and final Treasury Accounting Statements
Other Investments
2.0 Amendment 3.14
Residential seminar on Sculpture and Architecture were conducted in 3 stages 1st and 2nd of July in Vavuniya 03rd and 04th of July in Kilinochchiand 06th and 07th of July in Mullaitivu.
8. Setting out of G.P.S. control points and benchmarks for check surveys at Castlereagh dam
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations given to me, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters referred to in paragraph  2.2 of this report, I am of opinion that, the Project had maintained proper accounting records for the year ended 31 December 2015 and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Project as at 31 December 2015 in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, the funds provided had been utilized for the purposes for which they were provided, the Statements of Expenditure submitted could be fairly relied upon to support the applications for reimbursement in accordance with the requirements specified in the Loan Agreement, the satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year audit report and the financial covenants laid down in the Loan Agreement had been complied with.
Marketing Division
Parents are eligible to claim maintenance from their adopted children in addition to their biological children.
Plastic
Randenigala
Leaflets
In these 3 days event, every day 200 public including university students, school students and interested public on Hindu Religion participated and benefitted.
Eravur
Shramadana Campaign – Bathmedilla Project
This lease, which has a cancellable clause, has a remaining term of 9 years.
(c) If it is necessary to employ more than two (02) days per calendar month, the prior personal approval of the Secretary of the relevant Ministry should be obtained and payment should be made accordingly.
Conducting the District Dancing Competition with the participation of 18 Art Institutions on 18.11.2015.
Narammala
Implementation of the Official Language Policy
Mr. Y. M. Y. Yapa Bandara
This route starts with Colombo - Katunayake highway and ends in the southern highway.
Expenditure Head No. :
Mr. I. K. K. S. Edirisinghe
This office has been located in a modern seven story building near the main bus stand and railway station in Galle and in front of the Galle - Colombo Main Road.
Luxury vehicle tax
Maga Neguma Rural Roads
P.M.K. Perera
Accordingly, a group of 135 selected persons were given a systematic training for three weeks, on looking after and providing health services for elders and by now precious opportunity has emerged especially for those elders living in the Western province with the requirement of such a service, to obtain the services of these trained personal.
US $ 247 million and 240 million were received respectively from the Asian Development Bank and Japan.
The least contributed Northern Province has shown a increasing trend of its share of GDP from 2.4% to 4%, the reason being the special development activities undertaken in the area in the recent past.
International Day of Persons with Disabilities - 2015
Our institute is dedicated to provide the country with high productivity by minimizing occupational diseases and accidents in worksites through conducting various training courses and meaningful lectures and training Safety Officers for uplifting occupational safety and health.
Synchronous Meeting on Nuclear Security Information & Coordination of such information
(d) Budgetary Control
The National Cleaner Production Centre is promoting the concept of sustainable production and consumption with Cleaner Production as a baseline tool through the introduction of modern environmental management tools such as Life Cycle Assessment, Eco Design, Global Reporting Initiatives, Environment Management Services and Cooperative Social Responsibilities.
3.4 Assets Management
Providing feedback, grievances and suggestion boxes
Nallanchiya Elders Day Care Centre, Galnewa
Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation 2014
Divisional Secretariat - Pelmadulla
6. Construction of New Embilipitiya Magistrate Court Complex and Boundary Wall
Rs. 177,872,000 Million was allocated for the capital expenditure from the General Treasury and Rs. 140,909,491 Million was spent on the relevant activities.
Glycine
Divi Neguama Livelihood Development Projects (By Divisional Secretariats)
Prof. Dhammika Tantrigoda, Member Board of Governors
Quantitative and qualitative yield data were collected.
Number   Ministry/Department   Number of Graduate Trainees
05. Bulk water allocation for multiple uses.
Capital commitments and contingent liabilities
In 2014, the Capital Markets Division has taken measures to finance 22 road development projects worth approximately Rs. 33.4 billion.
Kodippili Yakdehiyage Hareendra Ruwan Chinthaka
N.A.A
Annex 36
6. People’s Merchant Finance
6.9 Provincial Cadre and Its Deployment Based on Institutional Roles and the Workload
8. Empowerment of Education, Electricity, and Administration
About 179,910 senior citizens over 70 years of age and with low income have been granted  the allowance of Rs. 1000 /-.
Accordingly, two Sinhala and Tamil spoken Classes consisting of 108 hours were conducted by the Institute during this year for the Members of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
This is a self-financing program and the participants are levied only a nominal sum to cover the core expenses like hall charges, preparation of literature for the course, etc.
The opportunity to appoint agents to observe the enumeration of electors at the district level was provided to all political parties from the year 1981.
The Court of Appeal also makes necessary orders and orders on matters referred to in the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act No. 25 of 2002 and the Mutual Assistance in Mutual Assistance in Civil and Commercial Act No. 39 of 2000 and also hears election petitions.
Thusitha Wijemanna
Morawewa
The contract between the Ministry of Irrigations & Water Resources Management and FARAB Energy and Water Project Company, the nominated contractor from Iran was signed on 28th April 2008.
To implement the community policing concept
Making necessary arrangements to present the Appropriation Bill for 2015 to Parliament, on time
ii. Secretary to the Prime Minister
DGM (Information Technology)
Integrated Irrigation and Agricultural Livelihood Development Project for the Kilinochchi and Mullaitivu Districts
Eraiyarul Amutham - 200 Copies
Mr. P. B. Warnakula
The Fixed Assets Records had not been properly maintained by the Sabha and had been listed in the Assets Accounts based on the Annual Commodity Survey Reports.
Bharathiyar Aranery School,
Cost - 86.37
Stock capital
iii. Infrastructure Division
Dr. Rohan Wijekoon
Below is the number of births of the most valuable species reported from Dehiwala National Zoo in 2014.
Interest Paid
Ensuring long-term existence of endemic wildlife species subject to the threat of extinction by implementing special projects and utilizing suitable methodologies for conservation of the same
93. Hambantota
ii. Stamp duty charged
Revenue collected during the last year (2014)
SENSORY LOSS
Entire functions pertaining to the fields of administration, finance, market promotion, design development, technical development as well as research and development and all other activities such as the provision of common facilities and library services relevant to achieving the main objectives of the Institution are fulfilled by the head office.
02.	Cannabis
15. Imbulpe
Immediate action needs to be taken to recruit qualified staff for the Project to commence the road construction works.
(D) Udadumbara
Date and the printed number of the receipt (with four sections) issued by the bank should be included in the relevant cage of the application available in the Official Languages Department’s website.
(C) Paddiruppu
Mr. A. N. P. Weerasinghe
According to the entries in the stock books, 79 inventory goods valued at Rs. 145,089 and 48 chemicals valued at Rs. 47,074 had been lying idle since the beginning of the year 2010.
National Intellectual Property Office of Sri Lanka (NIPO)
Field/ Office Based Officers - Segment 1
Organizing Hajj pilgrimages.
Total of Reimbursement Claims made after 31/12/2014 in respect of 2014 up to the finalisation of the Appropriation Account.
Varietal improvement of other field crops and vegetables
Manager,
Under this progamme, funds amounting to Rs. 16,627,000.00 were provided to the National Institute of Language Education and Training for conducting language classes.
14. Implementation of Foreign Judgments
Aithurus Mohamed Illiyas
Kuliyapitiya   01
The division has a live welfare society sponsored by the Board.
Finalized Drafts 2015
Recurrent Expenditure
Source: Barclays Bank, HSBC and Citi Bank (Joint Lead Managers for the Issuances)
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 2.2.2 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Ceylon Electricity Board as at 31 December 2013 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
Employees Trust Fund
International Atomic Energy Agency/ Regional Cooperation Agreement Regional Training Course on Trans-boundary Animal Diseases
Replacement of defective 132 kV circuit breaker poles in Embilipitiya - Hambantota 132 kV line.
Installation and commissioning of a PABX that was removed from the Habarana grid substation at the Rantambe power station for improving communication facilities of the Rantambe power station (two subscriber units for the Habarana grid substation were provided from the PABX at the Ukuwela power station)
Separate Accounts should be prepared for each Revenue Code
1. Mrs. Imelda Sukumar
Community-Based Rehabilitation Project
My No.: EST-1/RESCH/09/0001
02. Sending time for urgent special programmes at the cost of general programmes.
2.8. Attachments
Do all such other things as are necessary for, or incidental to, the attainment of the objects of the commission or necessary for or  incidental to, the exercise of any powers of the commission
Issuing of Furniture
Financial & other charges
Declaration of cash prepared on indirect basis as at 31st December 2013
Expenditure: Rs.971,061.33
Kurudugahahetekma to Pinnaduwa: Substantially completed.
(C) Horana
Goals achieved in year 2014
Director of Legal & Administration
The allocation made under the Project is not utilized for intended purposes.
Mrs. Nanda Karunasena
Accordingly, funds were provided to 67 Aranery Schools of 18 Districts of Kandy, Kegalle, Colombo, Ratnapura, Kilinochchi, Batticaloa, Trincomalee, Jaffna, Vavuniya, Puttalam, Kalutura, Mullaitivu, Badulla, Nuwara Eliya, Matale, Kurunagala, Galle and Polonnaruwa.
In addition, a technical mission from the World Trade Organization assisted the EDB to prepare an information dossier on Ceylon Cinnamon as a geographical indicator.
C 2266
Further, instructions in this regard will be issued separately.
(a) As the expenditure incurred by the Kankasanthurai Cement Concrete Production and Sales Division exceeded the total income, losses had been incurred continuously and the particulars of the losses of the five preceding years and the year under review are given below.
Extraordinary Gazette No. 1597/8 of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka dated 17 April 2009.
III. Secretary to the Cabinet of Ministers
Platignam Realty Investment
Divisional Secretariat, Monaragala
No.of Temples
The Accounts Division of the Ministry consists of two main divisions.
(d) Procurements
Cashier
As a result, the efficiency of the Police Department is further boosted and the administrative mechanism of the Headquarters will be streamlined.
7.	National Youth Services Council
Accordingly, the programmes launched in parallel with Deyata Kiruna National Development Exhibition 2014/2015 are given below.
The Institute has facilities to provide residential training for batches of 30 personnel, an auditorium, two lecture halls, and a well-equipped E-learning facility.
Galle Face Hotels Limited Ordinary Shares at Rs. 100/- each
A Deputy General Manager is the head of a unit that manages provincial affairs.
In addition to issuing the final Treasury Accounting Statement for the year 2015 on the website of this Department, the certified originals of the same will be issued to the relevant Ministries / Departments and District Secretariats upon a formal written request.
Substation
To improve the physical, mental, religious and cultural interest of Aranery School Students, 174 Yoga classes, 64 Miruthanka classes, 75 Violin classes, 102 Pannisai classes and 03 Hindu Saints Guru Poojas and Thiruvasaka festivals were conducted at Nallur Navalar Manimandapam, which is administered by the Department.
Lanka Coal Company (Pvt.) Ltd. (LCC)
Skilled Technical Services
Conducting awareness programmes on the implementation of official languages policy for the members of the Provincial Administration
Proficiency level as recommended by the Heads of Department/ Secretary to the Ministry 4
Moneragala No. 02
Population distribution by divisional secretariat division and gender can be mentioned as follows:
Total electricity expenditure of the year amounted Rs. 858,868. 50 was calculated also including this amount of money.
However, it has not commenced operations yet.
The billed revenue for the year under review amounted to Rupees 90 million.
Before a flood avoid building in a flood prone area unless you elevate your home.
Sri Lanka Traditional Karate Federation
Under the programme of making awareness on gender, two workshops were held in Sinhala and Tamil medium for National Integration Promotion Assistants, Coordinators and assistant staff on 18th and 19th of September 2014.
09. Vavuniya (South)
Administration Cost
Situation as at 31.12.2013
Conference on Fundraising
(d) The original estimated cost of Rs.3,370 million on improvement and rehabilitation works of Badulla - Karametiya - Andaulpotha Road had been revised up to Rs.5,073 million due to additional works.
6.8 Establishment of an Effective Monitoring and Evaluation Mechanism
(Attorney – At – Law, Post Graduate Diploma in Port Management & Shipping – Netherlands)
Close to the election period, the details of those on the electoral register who were abroad and who have passed away were obtained by the Grama Niladharis and a stamp was placed on the official lists.
Cost of Sales of Cement - Jaffna
Divineguma Livelihood Development Program - 2015
Sri Ranjitha Gomez
Several significant events happened in the administrative structure of our Department during this year.
Matters in Contentious Nature
Salary (1001 - 1003)
Consolidated statement of financial position
After receiving the project proposals from interested students, the Institute selected 14 farmer students to grant the financial assistance considering the information gathered through field visits, observations and individual project proposals.
According to the financial statements presented, the operational result of the Corporation for the year under review had resulted in a surplus of Rs.5,149,861 as against the deficit of Rs.104,172,501 for the preceding year.
Comments of the Accounting Officer
(B) Negombo
An awareness program was conducted on implementation, evaluation and the operational Mechanism of Mahinda Chinthana Vision for 100 Community Based Correction Officers at Sri Lanka Institute of Development Administration at an expense of Rs. 147,500.00.
Although Rs. 352,995 had been paid for the construction of the Pero Cement Tank which collects water from Work Item Nos. 47 to 56, there were four cracks and breakages in the tank.
16. Complete renovation of the official residence of the Additional District Judge, Kegalle
Members of the Maintenance Board for Elders
Activities related to pensions
Number 20
Divinaguma - wood / Textiles
Incomplete details of the appeals and complaints
Statement of changes in Equity
Wholesale / Retail Distribution Centers for Agricultural Products and Essential Foods
The Presidential candidate, Mr.Maithiripala Srisena, won the Presidential election held on 08th January 2015 with the total votes of 209,422 in the Batticaloa District.
Overtime and holiday payments
Radiation Safety Inspection of the Commissioned Gamma Radiation Safety in Radiation Safety
To build a tri-lingual society, co-existing peacefully.
Mr. I. W. S. Jayaratne
(b) The Budget Estimates for the year 2012 had been approved by the Board of Directors on 04 May 2012.
National Institute of Co-operative Development - Polgolla
Conducting special poojas to commemorate Hindu priests, preserving Hindu religious sermons and traditions
Accordingly, with the support of Grama Niladharies and the inspection of recognized political parties' representatives, this was done after Puttalam District Divisional Secretaries had been made aware of it.
Allowances (same)
Six bids have been opened during the year 2015.
Paaliyaru Rural Development Society
Miss Y. M. U. Anjali
If the wind suddenly drops, don't assume that the cyclone is over.
Three new pests, bulb mite (Rhizoglyphus spp.), flower chafer beetle (Oxycetonia Versicolor), and Tuber moth (Phthorimaea operculella) were identified in onion cultivation.
Nuwara Eliya Agricultural Cooperative Society
(b) The funds provided had been utilized for the purposes for which they were provided,
Finance Commission Forecast
Damage to machinery and equipment and use for unauthorized activities
03.Development of land earmarked for distribution among war heroes
2. Regional level conference of Manthai East Rural Women and Rural Development Societies
The summary can be viewed in a graphical user friendly method on the web Geographical Information System application.
Introduction of F.M. theories
It was obstacles faced by the village’s public to get the medical service, due to the 80 percents vacancy in nursing officers and 25 percents in medical officers in Northern Province.
3.4.2 Failure to ensure the Security of Assets
7.3 Geographical Information System Branch
Physical Performance as at 31 December 2018
A DNA testing laboratory with all the necessary equipment, which was essential to the forensic division has been established in this premise and case analysis is being carried out.
A language seminar was held at the Thanamalwila Divisional Secretariat on 11.07.2014 too.
The annual Diyata Kirula National Development Program has been conducted from its inception in 2007 with the participation of the  Ministry as well as other institutions under it.
(e) Circular of Secretary to the Treasury No.IAI/2002/02 dated 28 November 2002 - A separate Register of Assets in respect of Computers, Accessories and Software had not been maintained.
CP / MD / 04 / Miscellaneous / 14
In terms of Section 124(1) of the Inland Revenue Act No.10 of 2006 and in terms of Section 86(2) of the Inland Revenue Act No. 24 of 2017, the statements on Pay As You Earn Tax should be submitted within 30 days after the end of the each valuation year.
Marine invertebrates
Supt. Radiographer, National Hospital of Sri Lanka, Colombo
Pulukkutti Arachchige Don Stanley Norbert
(f) The total hire charges paid during the year 2012 for a motor vehicle obtained on the basis of paying monthly hire charges without following proper procurement procedure amounted to Rs.601,500.
R.Ekanayake Wickramasinghe
Overruling the said Cabinet Decision, the PAYE tax paid by the Board as at 31 December 2013 was Rs. 1,312 million.
9. Director General, Department of Public Enterprises
Valuable assets such as gems and gold
Lecture series on Hindu Religion
According to the financial statements presented, the operating surplus of the Fund for the year ended on 31 December 2012 amounted to Rs. 145,587,707 as compared with the corresponding surplus of Rs. 171,182,085 for the preceding year, thus indicating a deterioration of Rs. 25,594,378 in the financial results.
59 Mr. D. S. P. Perera, P. M. S. I
Awareness program for school bus services
All provinces have their own resource potentials which could be harnessed for development.
The economic reforms adopted by the government in 1977 completely revamped the Government's industrial policy strategy Industrial policy was aimed at the export sector as the engine of growth.
Salmal Landa long drama,
The main tasks of Accounts and Financial Division are the management of finances by utilizing annually budgeted provisions set aside for intended purposes and maintaining documents of financial control.
Approved Projects
(a)The value of the revenue that is collected by other Ministries/ Departments under the Revenue Head of your Ministry/Department and recorded in the monthly Accounts Summaries of such Ministries and Departments
Re-settlement
“Safe sustainable nutritious staple grain foods for every household.”
Cook PL 2
Conducting general administration & discipline within the Ministry
(ii) Out of the 490 tons of decaying garbage collected in the year 2017 for the Solid Waste Management Center, about 140 tons had been used for compost production and the rest had been dumped onto a bare land.
Accordingly, an awareness creation program with regard to the Official Languages Policy was held for heads of private hospitals in Colombo District on 28.08.2015 at the “Center for Banking Studies” of Central Bank at Ragagiriya.
A Corporate Plan and Action Plan for the year under review had not been prepared by the Company in terms of Section 5.1 of the Public Enterprises Circular No.PED/12 dated 02 June 2003
Actual Expenditure
Projects 2011
1. Fixed assets
Mrs. Yasanthi Samarasinghe is the Assistant Director of Development and Planning Division of this Ministry.
A procurement plan for the year under review had not been prepared by the Sabha.
1st Batch
Health risks and inconveniences
This year, measures will be taken to review the corporate plan of the Cement Corporation.
Black Gram
2 (2) Abuses
Total population
Economic Census 2014
3.1. Establishment of Open Prisons
Provision of basic safety facilities for 80 large dams, Provision of Basic dam facilities is considered as a prime requirement to improve basic safety at dam and appurtenant structures under DSWRP Project.
To hold Language Proficiency Examinations
Cheating
Similarly, due to the impact of external factors beyond the control of the Authority, the certificate income has declined by 40% and as the establishment of management corporations has been made mandatory in order to achieve objectives set out by the Act, an additional expenditure has to be borne in the year 2011 in comparison to the previous year.
Tri-Forces and Police
The maximum limit on liabilities is Rs.
In the revenue collection process for the year 2015, the progress of the physical performance of the licensing process is as follows.
04. Practical difficulties that emerged in organizing workshops
Training Officer
The Vice Chancellor of the University of Sri Jayewardenepura Prof. Sampath Amaratunga will deliver the keynote address at the event.
This represents settlements made by the Treasury on behalf of the company for ASTARSA Loan and Treasury Guaranteed Loan obtained from Peoples Bank.
The Company had not prepared an action plan clearly identifying the responsibilities of Managers with goals and targets to be achieved during the Plan period as per the para 5.1.2 of Hand Book on the Public Enterprises Guidelines for Good Governance issued No. PED/12.
Sachchidanandan Suren Kanna
New Recruitments to the Sri Lanka Police and the Police Special Task Force
Sihabdeen Mohamad Nilam
Under the directives given by the Ministry action has taken to develop infrastructure facilities of the Sri Lanka Police constructing new police buildings amounting to Rs. 592 Million.
The first supplementary summary of accounts should be submitted including only the transactions which were not included in the summary of accounts in December 2017.
6. Uma-Oya Project
4.2 Crimes against Women and Children
Spare parts – ENG 11
(b) Manufacturing & Selling of Concrete Products
The accounting policies and notes on pages 7 through 34 form an integral part of these Financial Statements
10.3.3. Mr. M. K. S. S. Ratnayake, Deputy Commissioner of Elections participated in local government election observation in Indonesia from 07.12.2015 to 13.12.2015.
Engineering Division
Awareness Program - Handicrafts
12. Mr. Jananath Warakagoda
Electrical Engineer (Generation Planning), Ceylon Electricity Board - Supporting Energy Planning and a Pre-feasibility Study for Nuclear Power and Human Resource Development in Nuclear Power (for Electrical Engineers)
Amortized cost is computed taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and transaction costs.
Filling up of Vacancies and Creating New Positions
Under this, fruits, vegetables and supplementary crops are expected to be produced commercially and targeted at the market.
Necessary action has been taken for the renovation and reconstruction activities of 33 Churches island wide including St.Anthony’s Church in Wasalakotte and National shrine of our Lady of Marandamadhu.
Five Thursdays starting from 30th
One per cent of estimated selling price had been recovered for 30 auctioned lands.
less more
(1kg / Rs.)
Although the net profit ratio shows a favorable position in the year under review and in the previous years, the Company had maintained an unnecessary liquidity position throughout the year by way of investing Rs. 560 million or 35 per cent of the total asset.
On Farm Water Management
Its price was adjusted in order to reach higher profit margins.
Weerambugedara, Kotavehera, Mahawa, Wariyapola, Nakkawatta
When the salary conversion is made, the Salary Code and the Grade applicable under the existing salary structure as at 31.12.2015 should be identified.
T.P. - 0112888934
The relevant institution had already made new technical arrangements to recycle the non-fish solid waste in a manner not cause environmental damages.
Rehabilitation of Badulla - Chenkaladi A5 Road
The arrears of revenue of the preceding years also had included in the collected revenue of the year under review.
Justice of the Peace
Issuing and dissemination of Early Warning messages and developing linkages through regional cooperation schemes
Cumulative depreciation is deducted from the cost and equity value of the property and equipment.
This data is used in the preparation of national accounts.
Actual Values ​​for the Year 2015
Sale of Arrack of the State and possession of more than 7.5 liters of such Arrack without a license
13. Attending foundation laying for housing ceremony at Galgamuwa Ranaviru village on 27.10.2011
Two applications were submitted during this year to obtain the local patent.
New Design Training Program
Field Office Building No. 02 and planting programs were implemented.
Work in process
However, 374 officers participated in 36 short-term and 03 officers in 03 long-term local training programmes.
The service rendered by the Ceylon Electricity Board was commended by His Excellency the President on 17th November 2013 at the Bandaranayake Memorial International Conference Hall.
Promotions
8. Manual of District Statistics
There will be 4 interchanges on the Expressway at the following locations.
16. Lankapura
3.6 Identified Losses
(a) the Project had maintained proper accounting records for the year ended 31 December 2017 and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Project as at 31 December 2017 in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards and
Sri Lanka received USD 140 million, USD 200 million and USD 290 million in loan assistance for the periods 2008-2009, 2009-2012 and 2012-2015 respectively.
Even though the court fines receivable as at 31 December 2018 was revealed as Rs. 5,160,000 in the accounts, a sum of Rs. 590,500 relating to November 2018 and the court fines relevant to  the month of December had not been included in the balance receivable.
According to the Grant Agreement
Commonwealth, War Graves, Jawatta
This National Task Force consists of representatives of all government agencies that have been identified as responsible for providing solutions to human trafficking in the country.
15 UPS Machines 260 295
Transfer orders given against the requests of the officers concerned
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these Financial Statements.
13 Disciplinary inquires
While constructing Katunayake Expressway a disparity between the RDA and construction company arose on the total length of the noise barriers.
Nagoda
In this, the US $ 788 million for loan repayments and US $ 471 million for interest are included.
Letter and Names of Polling Divisions
(e) A sum of Rs.844,622 receivable from a private institution to the Elayapattuwa Factory since before the year 2008 had not been recovered even by the end of September 2013.
Management Institute of Sri Lanka
Kuwait Dinar
Programme under the Nature Academy
Psychological workshop
Special Gazettes
3.11.1 Financial assets
The Notice under Section 20 of the Act was published in Gazette No. 1947/33 of 31.12.2015 and in the newspapers on the same day.
Other Payables
1st year
All Academic and Non Academic Staff,
Greeting for Poson Festival
Specialist in  Cardiology, Lady Ridgeway Hospital for Children, Colombo 08
Accrual  Donation (Housing)
District Divi Neguma Director
Petroleum Industries
(i) The garbage collected at Ambanpola town had been dumped in a land in Amunugama area and the people too had disposed garbage into the land without permission, pieces of glass and waste from the fish stalls had also been scattered over the land.
(c) The above (b) Observations of the Board
Operating the Transport Division
Consumer Service Cost Centre-wise accounting has been completed.
Introduction to the institution
The objective of this programme is to enhance the familiarity with the people and to provide effective service delivery through the learning of a second language.
Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the revenue and associated costs incurred or to be incurred can be reliably measured.
National Institute of Social Development
Length: 63 km
(VII) Fixed assets
Revenue collected for other headings
In view of that, the total amount is Rs. 17,119/-
The relevant Ministry / Department / District Secretariat is responsible for the accuracy of the information given in the journal entries forwarded to this Department for such corrections.
1.3 Basis for Qualified Opinion
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Program’s financial reporting process.
This program was successfully completed for eight sports, namely, athletics, football, volleyball, swimming, badminton, judo, netball and rugby.
Co-operative Employees' Commission,
The Ranaviru Real Star reality TV program
However, the date of reporting for duty is a subsequent date owing to the circumstance beyond his control, the Transfer Committee shall take that into consideration.
5.17 Observers of the Association of Asian Election Authorities (AAEA) and the Forum of the Election Management Bodies of South Asia (FEMBOSA) participated as foreign observers with the coordination of the Department of Elections.
Condominium Management Authority Annual Report 2011
Out of this almost USD 33 million worth of goods were exported to China.
The nominated users will be trained on the new Chart of Accounts and Budget Planning module of ITMIS during the month of August so that they can enter budget estimate for the year 2018 in ITMIS.
Chapter 03
The estimated population for 2015 is 1,091,000, of which the male population is 523,169(48%), and female population is 567,831(52%).
Purchase of equipment for laboratory activities.
The main objective of this program is to increase the productivity of the food cultivations by providing the necessary technical and other assistance in order to direct farmers and youth towards commercial agriculture.
Interest type
Furniture and office equipment
The Export Board of Sri Lanka has allocated Rs. 3,080,000 last year to develop the skills of 400 youths in the National Youth Services Council.
As at the reporting date amounting to Rs.2,528.12 million (U.S.D. 19.21 Mn) had been paid to that company as pre-delivery payment.
Maligawatta emergency repairs
12. Implementing the “Enterprise Sri Lanka” program
Containers
II. Reorganization of Entrepreneurial Societies
Officials representing the Ministry, the National Institute of Language Education and Training and the Ministry of Finance participated.
I. We do not agree on commenting only on selected 6 publications where the group is carrying 28 publications, 3 subsidiaries, commercial printing, annual publication and digital printing specially where an the audit opinion is expressed on consolidated Financial Statements.
My No.: EST-7/TRPOT/05/1012
To be the bastion of the Public Service of Sri Lanka in responding effectively to the administration of justice and fairness for Sri Lanka and all its people.
Apart from the above administrative services, this division also carries out the following duties.
Veterinary Drug Control Authority
Personal computer maintenance methods and troubleshooting
Projects implemented By RDA
Country Visited
Balance
(c) As for the work of renovating the road in Pothuwepitiya by laying interlock stones under Work Item 05, the curb formworks thereof had not complied with the specifications.
Lending & Reference
Total of 61
Loading Charges
International Bond Issuances
2. Provincial Irrigation Department
Table 12: Revenue of the Department of National Zoological Gardens for the year 2014
SCHEDULE 01 – Surgical & Hospital Reimbursement Insurance Cover
Seminar on World Trade Organization’s (WTO) Trade Facilitation Self – Assessment of Need & Priorities for Sri Lanka was held in Colombo in March 2014.
Increased tourist hotel room occupancy rate in the South Coast
Cash & cash equivalents include local currency notes and coins on hand as at 31st December 2018.
Repairs and maintenance
“To ensure conservation of wildlife resources in a professional manner while working together with everyone. ˮ
Detailed report of the retired officers and employees is given in Table No. XXI.
Sri Lanka’s main exports to Pakistan include Pepper, vegetable products, beedi leaves, betel leaves, coconut shell pieces, natural rubber, coconuts, fresh or dried cashew nuts.
Publicity & propaganda (25%)
Law reform for greater recognition, protection, and promotion of the rights of the citizens.
The arrears should be recovered.
Paddy cultivation
Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs
Department of Christian Religious Affairs
Chief Secretaries of Provinces,
Presentation of Estimates
To take action in the following manner subject to the confirmation made by the Head of the Institution to the effect that the tasks performed by relevant officer can be continued without interruption and no prescriptions have been made otherwise on the office hours.
Location: Badulla district
4.2 Foreign Training
Initiatives contributing to Social Integration, based on local needs, are consolidated for replication
District Training activities
(a) Six trade stalls of which the minimum monthly rental was Rupees 71,250 had not been leased in the year 2017.
Senior Lecturer
Developing second language through new technology
A.C.A. - 5 (b)
9. Construction of Judge’s Bungalow of the Puttalam High Court
Financial Administration of the Department of National Budget
Manthai salt Limited is a profit-making institution.
Emergency repairs of Management Corporations
B.II Senior Assistant Secretaries/ Directors or officers of equivalent capacity
Cash & cash equivalents
03rd March 02 Days
Turn Over
Amount (USD)
Liabilities and provisions are recognized in the Balance sheet when there is a present legal /constructive obligation as a result of the past events.
According to financial statements presented, excess of revenue over recurrent expenditure of the Sabha for the year ended 31 December 2018 had been Rs.27,297,032.
Kokkuwil Hindu College
With an annual growth rate of 0.8%, the public sector consumed 19.4% of total sales.
Coordinating the development activities implemented by the Ministry of Justice at Divisional and District level with District Secretariats and Divisional Secretariats
Cash Balance
US dollars
Information is also collected on the revenue, expenditure of the active Pradeshiya Sabhas in the district and the services provided by the council.
Secretary to the Ministry of Justice
Revision of 2:5 of Chapter VI, 1:5 of Chapter XII, and 6:4 of Chapter XXVIII of the Establishments Code
19. No statement where a candidate promotes the candidature of another contestant of another party or group be broadcast, telecast, or published.
Vice-Chairman
To assist the management to review, evaluate and report on services and functions of the Ministry and in all the levels of other institutions under it, and to correctly report on the internal control system.
Internal Audit Assistant
Divisional Secretariat Details
Eight exotic varieties were tested and one variety was identified as suitable for cultivation in the dry zone.
The establishment of this Exercise Center is expected to conduct practical exercises/ activities relating to the courses conducted by the Institute.
Report of the Auditor General on the Financial Statements of the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation for the year ended 31 December 2012 in terms of Section 14 (2) (c) of the Finance Act No. 38 of 1971
Date of the Gazette Notification
To deal with transfers among service stations within Departments (To take action by District Secretary regarding the transfers among Divisional Secretariats within the district)
Department of Agriculture won the award for the best exhibition site in the Deyata Kirula exhibition in 2013.
During the WGTI, many countries presented their new project proposals and updates of the projects that have already been implemented.
The Semi-Domestic Chicks Production Project maintained in the Pallekele Farm had incurred production and maintenance expenditure exceeding the selling price and as such, the Authority had incurred a loss of Rs. 42,705 in the year 2012 from the sale of 784 chicks.
Urban Retail Distribution Centers
Sabaragamuwa Governor's Office
Miscellaneous payable – Suwa sahana
Kamburupitiya - Matara
Accounting
Conservation of rare and endangered plant and animal species in Botanical and Zoological Gardens.
Tuesday, 08 August, 2017
Finance Commission Recommendation
Rent advance received from leasing lands
Residents' lack of understanding of the importance of management corporations for the maintenance of the common elements of the property.
23rd August - 02 Days
Shifting of Prisons
Number of Number Plates Obtained
Selected Financial Data (Rs. Million)
Maximum Expenditure Limit (011)
2101 Vehicles
3.4. Bilateral Discussion on Trade, Investment and Economic issues between India and Sri Lanka
It is informed that action will be taken to correct this in the future.
Director
3.11 Details of Land Area of the District
10. Report of the Audit Committee - 23
Purchase of Tele drama
The first Treasury Accounting Statements including all receipts and payments, and correction of errors reported by the first summary of accounts in December 2017 and the first supplementary summary of accounts will be released to the Department of State accounts webpage of the Treasury Website, http/www.treasury.gov.lk.
Paranawithanalage Surani Manjula
The Herbal Technology Division of the Industrial Technology Institute has developed a method for identifying Wallapatta and its resin by adopting GC/ MS technology.
