Promotion of Hindu Religion
16. Maintaining the National Wildlife Research and Training Center
No. of children referred to pre-school
The target for granting self employment  loans in 2011 was 25 and loans had been issued to 19  persons by the end of the year .
These festivals have been celebrated by this Ministry in 2014.
Action had not been taken to recover Rs. 1,214,344 remained in arrears for over a period of one year, out of the arrears of rent amounting to Rs. 1,431,227 recoverable from the renting of the road roller as at 31 December 2017.
And also, a stall of departmental publications was maintained at the exhibition premises and purchase of 1248 publications earned the government a sum of 2, 24,475.00 Rupees.
High powered electric bulbs and Ignitor 33⅓%
(e) Staff Administration
Government Foreign Debt Portfolio
For instance, from January to the end of December 2014, more than 453 officials have been selected to obtain foreign exposure in China and a maximum of 8 officials per programme have been selected.
D.G.S.A - 2
The provision for depreciation is calculated using a straight line method on the cost of all Property, Plant and Equipment other than freehold land, in order to write off such amounts over the estimated useful lives.
T. P. - 021 2283660
Mrs. B. K. S. M. Shyama Samaraweera
Should be comply with the procurement procedure.
Conducting language courses
If the space given in the form is not sufficient, they should be reported as an annexure to this report.
When preparing the consolidated Financial Statements, the Management of the Associated Newspapers Company had not ascertained the Company's ability to continue the business, based on going concern concept as per Section 3.8 of the Sri Lanka Accounting Standards for Small and Medium Enterprises.
Contrary to Paragraph 55 of LKAS 19, the Company had calculated the retirement benefit obligation based on half month’s salary of the last month of the financial year of all employees for completed years of service.
Five training programs were conducted on wildlife health management & the use of communication equipment, one training program for newly recruited Management Assistants and a training program on finance and office management were conducted.
This division is responsible for facilitating the consolidation and management of the World Bank and IMF funds to accelerate economic growth as Sri Lanka is positioned as a high middle-income country.
Read more...
Common Amenities Board Law, No. 10 of 1973
The Government of Sri Lanka and the Government of Belarus have signed a treaty on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Trade Payables
However, all arrangements are in place to commence the project work expeditiously upon identification of a permanent location for the construction of the Police Headquarters.
Palinda Nuwara
Act No. 05 of 1995, is applicable for the transfer to a specified country of a citizen of such a country convicted of an offense in Sri Lanka and transfer to Sri Lanka of any citizen of Sri Lanka convicted of an offense in a specified country.
In this case, the investor's share changes in the investee's equity is identified immediately after the date of acquisition.
Projects
3. Introducing the Guidelines Required to Improve Management Auditing
Appointed on 01.11.2012.
Estimated Costs (Rs.)
The market price of the share of the Lanka Cement Company as at the balance sheet date was Rs.23.25.
Bank loan interest
Village Community and School Children
A two day training workshop for Computer Instructors at the computer centers of the Authority scattered through out the island was held at the Moratuwa university on 3,4 December 2011 in collaboration with the Moratuwa university with full support of the Vice Chancellor, the Dean of the Information Technology faculty and the staff.
Based on this concept, the Road Map programme was initiated in 2012 by this Ministry.
(IV) Debtors
Development is under discussion.
Constructions of roads made without a proper standard
Financial liabilities are recognized initially at transaction price.
In-house Production Others
Commercial Buildings/ Stores
Trade Receivable
In fact, Project is supported the Government to making investments in a holistic manner that consider current and future climatic risk across sectors
Source (3.8): Department of Meteorology, Head Office, Colombo
Problems with crops and water resources due to high evaporation caused by rising environmental temperatures
The bonus liability is calculated using the simplifications allowed under Section 28 of the SLFRS For SMES.
So all the 3 workshop have done successfully.
Director General
Finishing Section
Management Inefficiencies
Mobile Services for Issuing of Elders ID Cards - 2013
Government Fiscal Management (Divisional Secretariat - Welivitiya, Gonapinuwala, Thawalama)
04. This Circular is issued with the concurrence of the General Treasury.
Director General, Department of State Accounts
(d) Even though the goods had been ordered 46 days after the expiry of the quotations, the supplier concerned had not agreed to supply the goods.
3.7 Annexure
Bicycle 15%
Data collection,
Training had been given for 289 staffs by the Northern Provincial Department of Education through the Educational Sector Development Project (ESDP) cost Rs. 5.76 million in August to December of year under review.
Summarized below are the broad areas of work so undertaken by the DOC.
Quantity
The Solid Waste Management project had been implemented from 28 April 2016.
Treasury Miscellaneous vote (TMV)
The real estate plant is primarily accounted for by the cumulative cost minus the cost.
Accordingly, 251 participants were trained in 2014 through the 05 Teacher Training Programmes.
Department of Examinations of Sri Lanka / Department of Official Languages
Food Commissioner
Actual Expenditure 2013 (Rs.)
The University Grants Commission planned a nine-day in-house training program in response to a special request made by the University Grants Commission under the 21st Century (HETC) World Bank Project to enhance the technical knowledge of the technical staff of affiliated universities and institutes with more practical revelations.
01.Enhance technological knowledge needed to conduct experiments on lesser known & under utilized plants
Ms. H. D. N. Fernando
Accordingly, the broad areas of work undertaken by the Department of Commerce are summarised below
4.0 Joint Commissions on Trade, Economic & Technical Cooperation
“Sural Nada” - Imbulpe
Chemical Analysis of Water Sample
Cost (Rs. million)
However, the depreciation had been made based on straight line method.
4. Acting as the Head in executing divisional administrative affairs in collaboration with 19 Divisional Secretaries of the District.
4. A representative of the Chamber of Commerce
Administrative Heads of the Ministry
Program Assistant (Research & Development Officer)
This financing was obtained mainly in the form of (i) export credit, (ii) commercial credit, (iii) conventional loan assistance, and (iv) grant aid.
Criteria Based Grant (CBG)
Since instructions have been received to drastically restrict the allocation of additional provisions in the year 2015, the Chief Accounting Officer /Accounting Officer should maintain a proper control over the expenditure falling under their expenditure heads.
Week-end payment for executive
Ms. Gunaratne previously served in the Land Commissioner General's Department.
Those Standards require that I comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements.
Conducted at Welikanda, Alsepura, Maithirugama Sri Sutharshnarama Vihara, Polonnaruwa from 31.05.2014 to 01.06.2014.
3.6 Mahagona wewa Project
1. Mrs. Emelda Sukumar - Chairman
The value of Rs. 4,943,026 is to be taken as stock items by the stores department.
DGM (Sabaragamuwa Province)
From the time that the first batch of vehicles was granted the duty exemption in 2008, seven companies have ventured into the automobile assembly industry.
Eng. R. M. W. Rathnayake
Certain matters revealed at an analytical review of the Financial Statements as compared with the preceding year are given below.
Laxman Pinthu Jayathilake Seneviratne
50 Navarathri Poojas were conducted at District level from 24th Sep to 03rd October in 19 Districts namely Jaffna, Batticaloa, Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Kilinochchi, Mullaitivu, Amparai, Matale, Badulla, Puttalam, Trincomalee, Matara, Ratnapura, Kalutura, Polonnaruwa, Colombo, Galle, Gampaha and Vavuniya.
3.5 Uneconomic Transactions
Communication Systems Unit is responsible for the Voice and Data communication network over Power Line; PLC Network, Optical Fiber Network including the end equipment, the PLC and PLTS Telephone systems, Telephone exchanges and the auxiliary systems at Power Stations and Grid Substations throughout the country.
02. Bank Financial Design Expenditure
Export Expenses
According to the progress reports of the Project, the overall physical progress of the activities of the Project had been reported as 98.50 per cent as at 31 December 2015.
Overall, the recurrent expenditure shows a huge increase when compared to the previous year.
Sale of Goods & Services
Performance according to operating units
Zone
Progress of the Development Programmes - Expenditure Head
Amount (Rs. Mn.)
02 days
04. Mr. Mahinda Abeysundara
(a) This was due to the appointment of an unsuitable person as the store manager and consequently the lack of proper store control.
Refunds made (All)
This project was completed in 2013 except for the Student Registration (External) and Examination modules which could not be implemented due to the lack of infrastructure required at client's site.
Providing details required for surveys (L96)
(to be prepared from summary details of D. G. S. A. 5 (i))
Large Flags
Driver
http://dl.accimt.ac.lk/
Annual Performance Report 2015
Contribute to maintaining long-term external debt sustainability.
A proposal has been put forward to cultivate cashew in the jungle land adjacent to the Palavi Cement Factory in Puttalam.
5. Performance
Institutional and Policy Support:
Payments During the Year as at 31.12.2011
According to the information received, the allocation of Rs. 600 million had been made in the Annual Estimate -2017 to implement the activities of the Project and out of that a sum of Rs. 575 million had been transferred subsequently to other Projects executed by the Line Ministry.
Beligolla
5000 Metre (Male)
Elawelle Gedara Chinthaka Sumith Kumara
Ministry of Defense
Preparation of analytical reports on foreign finance in a timely manner
Salary corresponding to the Salary Point mentioned in 1(f) above, which is to be paid from 01.01.2016 as per Schedule II
Siththi Vinayakar Aranery School, Sri Veeraiyadi Aranery School, Sivasakthi Aranery School, Sri Nagalinga Vairavar Aranery School, Sri Muthumaariyamman Aranery School, Vivekanada Aranery School and Bharathiyar Aranery School in Battocaloa, Sri Pararaja Pillaiyar Aranery School, Sivagami Aranery School, Sri Selvakkathirgama Mrugan Aranery School, Nellandaiyamman Aranery School, Sivaththamil Aranery School and Sivan Aranery School in Jaffna, Swami Vivekanadar Aranery School, Sri Muthumariyamman Aranery School, Poompuhar Siththivinayakar Aranery School, Sri Murugan Aranery School and Siththi Vinayakar Aranery School in Mannar, Sri Veerakaththi Pillaiyar Aranery School, Sri Murugan Aranery School, Sittoondi Vinayakar Aranery School, Arulmigu Kandasamy Aranery School, Swamy Vivekanadar Aranery School and Sri Naagapoosaniyamman Aranery School in Kilinochchi participated in the programs conducted in respect of their districts.
Establishment Act and Registration
In terms of the categorization of P. A. C. 03/2016 as at 31.12.2017,
If not, reasons for each difference should be reported separately as annexures to this report.
Comparative note of the registered number of voters according to the Polling Divisions (2006-2015)
U. K. N .Rathnayake
Office rent
The Law Commission will study the draft clinical Trials Bill sent by the Ministry of Health for the observation of the Law Commission.
Accordingly, the Ministry of Social Services launched a program called Sisu Nena Pubuduwa as a social development program to encourage children to read.
Provisions are measured at the estimated expenditure required to settle the present obligation, based on the most reliable evidence available at the reporting date, including the risks and uncertainties associated with the present obligation.
Special programs
Idle / Underutilized Assets
Survey Requests
Disposal during the year
Quarterly progress review meetings on Departments and Institutions operating under the Ministry were held.
Poya Day Live Telecast
Maintenance of the accounts properly
Some of the staff officers of the Ministry were afforded the opportunity of taking part in several overseas training sessions.
12. As the trustee of the temple property
Around 70 households have been selected for a month in Puttalam District for the survey and based on the information collected from all over the Island, reports are being published quarterly by the Department.
My No.: EST-7/INSUR/04/1020
23- 1 With holding tax
75. Preparation of National Biodiversity Strategic Action Plan for the implementation of the Convention on Biodiversity
Ari
Abandoned Courses halfway
Current Status: Signing of a Terminal Service Agreement between Coal Company and Sri Lanka Gateway Industries Company in September 2013
The implementation of such measures in the Ministry's own projects
2. Financial Review
Holding the District Literary Festival at Marawila Upananda College, Galle in collaboration with Akmeemana Divisional Secretariat.
The Strengthening the Enforcement of Law, Access to Justice and Social Integration (SELAJSI)
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have passed to the buyer; with the Company retaining neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control over the goods sold.
In the long hard haul that the process of resettlement has entailed, perhaps the most remarkable factor is the role played by the military.
Nature of the SLFRS Adjustments / Effects
The Progress of undergraduates is as follows.
6.5 Mediation Boards Commission
Surcharge value charged during the year  Rs.76,693.05
A total of 138 Judges participated the event.
KBC Bank Belgium
Among those officers subject to exposure in local training programmes there were police personnel who followed the training course on community policing, the training course on ethics and the training course on institutional management aimed at delivering a public-friendly service.
Steps have been taken to increase the staff by 11 positions of Grade II Jailors (Female) and 80 positions of Grade II Guards (Female) totalling 91 positions to meet with the requirements.
With the completion of the training programme, they are expected to be assigned as teachers for the classes conducted by the Language Associations in the Northern Province.
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted at the reporting period end applicable for the Company's operate and generate taxable income.
7.	North Central
(I) An officer from Sri Lanka Administrative Service serving attached to Combined Services division of the Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs
The salaries and allowances mentioned in the said new Circular shall be paid to non-staff officers from July 2015 and to staff officers from September 2015 along with the arrears of salary relevant to the above period.
The National Institute of Sports Science plays a leading role in identifying, registering and developing the knowledge and skills of sports coaches relevant to all sports in Sri Lanka.
Achievements 2016
Certain significant statistics relating to the financing, budgetary provision for the year under review and the utilization of funds during the year under review and up to 31 December 2015 are shown below.
Regional committee Meeting
Amount agreed to be financed according to the Grant Agreement
Part-time Second Languages Courses for Public Officers (Level I / Level II/ Level III)
Galle Municipal Council
2.3. Achievements
2. To increase cropping Intensity by crop diversification
Dr. R.P.M. Pathirathne
The main cargo base has been the government cargoes offered to CSCL under the existing Public Finance Circular No: FIN 415, to and from places all over the world during the year under review.
Programmes produced by this unit during the year 2012:
Replacement of all gaskets of the 132/33 kV 31.5 MVA transformer and defective 33 kV breaker poles at the Seethawaka grid substation
Bank Balances
The study conducted in Yala 2013 revealed that the fertigation with each irrigation event could be used to increase green chilli yield by around 22% and water use efficiency by around 25% compared to the manual application of fertilizer in RBE soil.
Institute Library and Information Division functions as a special library and consists of a fair collection of books, periodicals and other educational material in the fields of Communications, Information Technology, Electronics, Photonics and Space Technology.
Construction Sector
04. Current Post:
Devagiri Temple, Chilaw
Mrs. D. K. R. Ekanayake
Public Administration Circular: 30/2014
Deputy Registrar / General Administration (Services)
Cash flow spent on operational activities (b)
Total no of Recruited
1.3.3. Suspense Accounts
Upper Kothmale Hydropower Project
The contributions are payable and any unpaid amounts are recognized in current liabilities.
The following instances of non-compliance were observed.
Karandeniya
Break down of awarding of scholarships among Services
The Agreement on South Asian Free Trade Area (SAFTA) was signed in January 2004 during the 12th SAARC Summit held in Islamabad, Pakistan and entered in to force on 1st of January 2006.
Amount paid as subsidies (Rs. Million)
Commitments as at 31.12.2014 (Rs. Bn)
2015 Seminar Training Course on Maintenance & Management of Sports Facilities for Countries
Action not taken in respect of idle and under-utilized assets.
Carpenter, Mason, Plumber, Painter, Welder
The details of the beneficiaries who obtained the payment in 2015 in our district, under this scheme are as follows.
Furniture and Fittings
(2) that the Field Assistants mentioned in (1) above do not fall under the category of Field Officers identified by the Department of Management Services;
“Day to day life and stressful minds of the lady employees” an awareness Programme, parallel to the Women’s Day
03. It should be noted here that satisfactory progress was achieved in the year 2014 not only for Bim Saviya Programme, but also for the land title settlement programme.
i.    Loans and receivables
17. Appropriation Act 16/ 2015
Creating self-employment opportunities in rural areas and developing the livestock sector have contributed to improving the living standards of the people as well as the level of nutrition.
Dividends (gross)
Paddy Marketing Board
Statistics on Cattle, Poultry, etc.
1. Acting as a general custodian, caretaker or security guardian
4.1.2.1 On-line Administration System - Buddhist & Pali University
Investor's Share of Profit or Loss for the Reporting Period 2012 Recognized in the Comprehensive Income
Eastern
V. Acquiring lands is being implemented for the displacement of existing prisons for the years ahead in Negombo, Galle, and in Batticaloa.
Therefore, it was clear that the Board had overestimated their standard prices of the inventory items than actuals in most instances.
Schedule
Materials Technology Section (MTS)
Advance from Holcim Company
e-mail:
Applications for Short, Long, and Nurthi Drama episodes were accepted.
1. Mosques
Number of Voters relevant for each year
Arthur C. Clark Institute for Modern Technology
The overtime allowance shall be calculated based on the Salary Point determined at each instance within the period, in which this Circular is implemented on the phase basis.
Transfers Abroad —(Investment)
The Register of Fixed Assets, Board of Survey Reports, Title Deeds
No.of cases Received
A sum of Rs. 2,746,672 had been invested in fixed deposits without the approval of the relevant Minister and the Minister of Finance.
Swashakthi Group Workshops
Note: One of these officers shall be an officer who had served in the transfer board.
Recurrent expenditure of Rs.4,533,521‍ and capital expenditure of Rs.1,149,660‍ had been incurred in respect of solid waste management during the year under review.
Providing necessary Ministerial support needed in performing the duties of the Department
3. Supplying prizes for the Aurudu festival conducted by the Nugedolawattha Ranaviru village
Awarding scholarships to skilled children who are facing financial difficulties in their studies
Rural level field officers, development mediators
Cases related to the interpretation of the Constitution
Large scale major development projects are conducted with the contribution of Government funding.
Sri Lanka’s very high Muslim community follows the Islamic Religious Rituals and cultural values.
Monday, 14 August, 2017
Training session on modern surveying technology for the officers of the Ministry of Lands and Land Development
Moreover, the tasks and responsibilities of the Ministry have been decentralized under several divisions for good governance and smooth functioning.
5.9 At this election, 12,317 ordinary polling stations were established for 12,021 polling districts.
If an allowance is paid as a percentage of the salary to the officers of any institution or service/ position, those allowances should be limited to the financial value existed as at 31.12.2015.
Steps will be taken to rectify the errors pointed out by the audit and to effectively manage the money belonging to the Sabha.
Maintenance Expenditure
3.6 Issues on Land Acquisition and Resettlement Activities
Meta data is a set of data that describes and gives information about spatial data
Accordingly, the possibility of utilization of the balance amount of allocation within the balance period of the Project remains in doubt, due to the poor performance of work under the contract on On-site Sanitation Improvements.
11. Constructions and assets
Motivation for Self Employment
APPLICATION FOR INFRASTRUCTURE FACILITIES / OTHER SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE REGIONAL INDUSTRY SERVICE CENTER:
The financial statements of the Company comply with the requirements of Section 151 of the Companies Act, No. 07 of 2007 except that the Company had not filed annual returns with Registrar of Companies since 2013.
Mrs. A. M. U. S. Kumari
03. DEPARTMENTS COMING UNDER THE PURVIEW OF THE MINISTRY OF JUSTICE
Action will be taken by the Secretary, Ministry of Finance and Planning to issue a Circular indicating that the aforesaid language proficiency made applicable to the Public Service, will also be applicable to the officers who enter the posts in Public Corporations, Statutory Boards, State Banks and fully owned Government Companies on or after the date on which this Circular comes into operation.
Equity
Maintain transmission voltage variations within ±10% for 132 kV and 220 kV and frequency within ±1% of 50 Hz of the system
Number of Days of Debtors Turnover
Rehabilitation of underground storm water drainage system in Kandy City
K. Premasiri
The prime aim of the National Building Research Organisation (NBRO) is to spread and promote culture of disaster mitigation, preparedness and safety through innovative disaster education, research and training by rendering highly specialized professional services at the cutting edge of science and technology.
Under the ‘Divi Naguma’ programme over 200 persons were trained at the programmes held in Batticoloa, Polonnarauwa, Galle and Kurunegala.
The impact arising from the above changes are summarized below.
Preparation of schemes of recruitment and submission for approval
(ii) Lease Rent
Commission drew its attention towards the importance of conducting programmes for school children based on the experiences got from school debating competitions and speech contests organized in 2013 and 2014.
31 people
Location
State Secretary
The General Manager of the Authority has informed me that this situation had changed with action taken to send 125 employees on voluntary retirement using provisions from the Treasury and that the situation would change further with the possibility of receiving provisions from the Treasury for the salaries of the year 2012.
Expert team from the Japanese International Co-operation Agency (JICA) has been recommended the replacing of all mechanical components with new items in 2009.
Computer Certificate
But, in the year of 2013, these bank charges have been calculated monthly.
The Media Division was established as a unit under the Department of Information Technology Management with the objective of making the public aware of economic and development programmes.
Conducting programs in the Divisional Secretariats to identify the persons who are likely to be allured into offenses and guide them to the right path at the very first instance
Crabs
Increase investments in education to 6% of GDP gradually
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the Balance Sheet date are converted to Sri Lankan Rupees at the foreign exchange control rate ruling at that date.
96. Tissamaharama
Birth
Male Student Hostel, Animal Husbandry Training School, Kilinochchi
The training institute is located in a beautiful area and has a lecture hall that can accommodate up to 250 trainees at a time, halls for group discussions, a dormitory that can accommodate up to 60 trainees and a library.
04) Once the salary is revised as above 02), the revised salary shall be paid from 01.07.2013 without paying the arrears of salary.
Payment for preparation of final accounts
Accordingly 5000 copies of Spoken Tamil, 3500 copies of Written Tamil, 50000 copies of the book called “Let’s Learn Sinhala, Tamil and English” and 1000 copies of the Trilingual dictionary were printed.
Total from the Treasury
Bopagoda Hettiarachchige Wijepala
Preparation of Transfer Procedure
Shooting
(a) According to the Implementation Plan of the Project, 07 provincial roads in Anuradhapura District with the length of 75.65 kilometres, 04 provincial roads in Killinochchi District with the length of 24.11 kilometres, and 02 provincial roads in Mulathivu District with the length of 24.49 kilometres were expected to be rehabilitated during the period of the Project.
Public Nuisance
The subjects covered in the overseas training programs were planning, design, communication, automation of substations, operation of substations and, maintenance of substations, and transmission lines.
Depreciation of Fixed Assets
Statement of Arrears of Revenue for the period ended 31st December …………………….
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards, and for such internal control as Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards, and for such internal control as what the Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Purchasing the products of the members
Naiwela - Monaragala
Purchasing
Allocation for the Year-End
Visually Handicapped Trust Fund - Financial Progress
Food Dehydration
Administrative Officer
Development of Discernment in Public Expenditure - 2019
Sports goods
6.2 Other Operating Income
6. 4 Detailed Financial Statement for the year ended 31 December 2013
Dr. Sujit Kumar Samaddar, USA
Results to be achieved
Middle East Countries
Systems Analyst
Mawathagama
Mr. W. J. L. S. Fernando (Up to 9th October 2013)
Crushed dry salt
According to the Circular No. MOFP/ERD/2007/2 of 07 August 2007 of the Ministry of Finance and Planning, the financial statements of the Project for the year ended 31 December 2015 required to be submitted to the Auditor General on or before 31 March 2016.
Lease Rental
Adjustments
The progress of conduct of the courses other than the Degree Courses in the year 2012 is given below.
Reclassification
Provision of suitable land for war heroes and their families for building houses for living
Abandoned Courses halfway
Vidatha - Angunakolapelessa
Advice State Ministries / departments / corporations / boards / universities and other private institutions on conservation of documents
Year
Awareness Programmes For Estate Workers
Additional Solicitor General/ Legal Draftsman
Out of the State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) under purview of the Department of Public Enterprises (PED), 55 State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) have been identified as State Owned Business Enterprises (SOBEs) engaged in commercial activities.
Package No: CP 07
All other iterations - a
In 1982 the Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage was taken over by the Department of National Zoological Gardens.
Better focus on the countries in need
Further, maintain a Database Management computer system for Language Division and procurement of SELAJSI project is in progress at present.
Huruluwewa
The Secretary to the Treasury represented the General Treasury at COPE.
Official Transport Facilities to Public Officers/Judicial Officers/Officers in Government Corporation and Statutory Boards
03. National Identity Card No:
(d) the satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous audit report, and
Industries
Department of Statistics - Recurrent
Replacement of older electromechanical relays which do not possess fault recording and communication functions, with numerical relays
Registration of relevant employees for convenience efficient and correct distribution of compensation to dependents and/or legal heirs in the event of the death of a person who went abroad for employment under Section 10 (a) of the Public Trustee Ordinance as amended by Act No. 61 of 1988
Roads and Bridges 64%
(ii)- The dependants of the members of the Armed Forces and Police Force who have been killed or are missing in action to have access to education and higher education by the provision of scholarships and other forms of assistance.
A Cabinet Memorandum has already been submitted seeking approval to set up the relevant company.
In terms of the Registration of Electors Act No. 44 of 1980, as in the previous years, 1st of June of the relevant year was considered as the qualifying date.
Journal entries should be submitted to the Department of Public Accounts in accordance with the information contained in the Second Supplementary Treasury Account Statement above.
(SELAJSI)
Mr. R. A. S. S. Gunasekara
I also identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Senior Executive/ Medical Consultants
Monthly Summary of Non-Financial Asset Accounts
Rs. Million
The rural population living in Galle District is 85%.
Disciplinary Activities
Polonnaruwa District
Accordingly, needy and vulnerable elders over the age of 70, neglected by their children or relatives and not awarded with any government pensions, widows' pensions, provident funds, farmer fisheries or self-employment pensions or any other social insurance proposals are considered to receive pensions under this scheme.
Survey Training Camp for Civil Engineering Students (Group A), Institute of Engineering Technology, Katunayake
Income has been identified on the accrued basis subsequent to providing   relevant services as per the Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
3. 5 Assets Management
Minority interest
Vavunativu Grid Substation is under Construction
Financial allocations released for 7 New Year Festivals to enhance mutual respect, understanding and trust among the ethnic groups.
This field was registered under the Seed Certification Service.
Transfers in Accordance with FR 66, 69
Under the programme conducted for raising the awareness of school children on the implementation of the Official Language Policy, the Language Division has enhanced the awareness of around 2,880 students of Kandy, Matara, Ampara, Gampaha, Colombo, Kalutara and Batiicaloa districts.
Physics
04. Mr. Sampath Perera
Director (Administration)
Taxes and Other
06. Reimbursable Expenses
(a) The trade and other debtors balance as at 31 December 2012 had been amounted to Rs. 11,748,223.
Overview
Setting up of a New Section in the Police to resolve Complaints on Religious Affairs
Number of disputes
(c) Sale during the year 2012 of machinery of the Bangadeniya Factory closed down in the year 2002 for scrap value had generated an income of Rs.7,957,298.
15. Trincomalee
Establishment of a Police University
Non-Revenue Receipts
Central Dispensary
F1 generation
Number of acres under paddy cultivation
Honorable Prime Minister at a meeting dated 26.05.2015 has given instructions to introduce a new Act.
real time forecasting,
7.5 Recruitments and Promotions in Sri Lanka Police and STF
Thereafter historical rate has to be maintained.
02kg
Position Service, Grade / Class
(b)Income from contra agreements of the year under review had been overstated by a sum of Rs. 19,632,842 by adjusting the creditors balances generated from contra agreements in previous years as income from contra agreements in the year under review.
Marketing
Problems faced by migrant workers are categorized as nonpayment of wages, sexual harassment, death of migrant workers overseas, repatriation to Sri Lanka, etc.
(iv) The National Institution of Fisheries and Nautical Engineering being an institution with the primary function of the conduct of courses without engaging in other extraneous activity, the number of students completing the courses during the particular year represents the overall output of the Institute during such year.
Draftsman
Coordinating election duties
02. In addition, all the Heads of Institutions are required to pay their personal attention towards minimizing waste and economical usage of funds for the expenditure of their agencies considering adverse pressure exerted on the Government Revenue due to impediments caused to the economic activities through unexpected incidents that occurred in April 2019.
Monthly financial subsidiary for each family
Teak wall
Dr. Shani Fernando
(b) New books had been issued without the second copy of the running charts used by the drivers, being collected by the subject clerk or the relevant divisions.
On or before 23rd February 2016
Finance Division
Rs. 30,000.00 (Rs. 3,000 per day)
The particular person serves as vaccinator as non-availability of lift service in that period.
17. Chairman - Inter-University Academic Support Staff Association
26 November - 11 December
Developing essential infrastructure facilities of Pre-schools, Children’s parks, enhancing sanitary facilities, Elders homes, Day Care Centers, reconstructions of Community Halls, enhancing water supplying facilities, reconstructions of bridges, Roads and School buildings were carried out under this program.
Unexplained Differences
All these facts, taken as a whole, provides a clear understanding on the measures already taken by the government to make the public service bilingual.
Entities are required to “devise and maintain” a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that, transactions are executed in accordance with Management’s general or specific authorization, transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with the applicable reporting standards and to maintain accountability for assets; accessing of assets is permitted only in accordance with Management’s general or specific authorization, and  the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
Best Current Affairs Programme
Visit the instruction leaflet to obtain information in regard to the persons who are permitted to enter into the polling station, the valid identity documents for casting vote, and the duties of the staff of the polling station.
Distribution of Tapping Knives (No. of Knives)
II. RF Ablation (Maximum)
Total by money
01 Computer Hardware Engineering Science
At the same time, it will meet the power needs of small, medium, and large industries.
The main strategy for obtaining animals for the department is to implement animal exchange programs.
A variety of Curry leaf beverage
Accounts Payable - TG
From 01.01.2016 (Rs.)
Unnichchai
Capital
Henarathgoda Botanical Gardens, Gampaha
Recoveries
Eheliyagoda
The Court of Appeal also issues necessary orders and orders on matters relating to the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act No. 25 of 2002 and the Mutual Assistance in Civil and Commercial Act No. 39 of 2000 and hears election petitions.
The existing training institute which is under the Department of Prisons had been planned to be rebuilt with much more facilities at Kotawilawatta area in Matara simultaneously to the national development program named “Deyata Kirula” in year 2015.
3.2.15. Enumerators were instructed to make every effort at the enumeration to record the National Identity Card Numbers of persons, who have obtained National Identity Cards, as the production of a valid identity card has been made compulsory at the time of voting according to the Elections (Special Provisions) Act No. 14 of 2004.
This data system has been included in the Departmental website as SDI.
05. This Circular is issued with the concurrence of the General Treasury.
Training programs conducted in collaboration with foreign training institutions
All the plans of western province prepared by Survey Department can be searched through Survey Plan Searcher of web site of www.survey.gov.lk of Survey Department.
Public administration Circular: 10/2015 (II)
Fuel and Lubricant
Transfer of Offenders
b. The Secretary to the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy was directed to inquire into the Public Service Commission in accordance with the policy approval mentioned in (a) above.
Preparation of salaries
Social Security Contributions
However, prior approval of the Commissioner of Elections is required to commence the count in counting centers.
During the review period the Company donated Rs. 2,933 Mn. towards charitable institutions.
Are you a candidate with special needs? :
Ten new mosques have been registered this year and new appointments have been made to 350 mosque trustees.
Other jobs such as Service Main Connection (SMC), System Augmentation (SYA), Jobs carried out from Iran funded Projects, Project works carried out under Gama Naguma and Decentralized Budget (DCB) etc. had been valued at standard cost.
Resource Person Delivering a Lecture
Welanei
The accrual basis continued to be followed except with respect to support costs.
Driver/Office Assistant
(c) Providing the Race Course on the rental basis for various parties for the conduct of festivals based on the Race Course for ‘Wasantha Samaya’ in Nuwara Eliya.
150,000 Elders ID cards have been printed during the year 2012.
1.1 Minister of Home Affairs
3000 copies of the guidance book were printed.
Key functions performed by the Commercial Officers aboard include the following.
Sports Unit
In the meantime, the Ministry is committed to bring the great benefits of the development process to the grass root level of the society.
It also contributes immensely to the economy.
Other than these Priority Road Development Projects, Road Development Authority also accessed local bank financing for implementing variations to the scope of works of the construction of Colombo - Katunayake Expressway Project (CKE) as well as consultancy services for construction supervision of Phase III of Kadawatha to Kerawalapitiya Outer Circular Highway Project (OCH).
25. Divisional Secretariat - Nagoda
7. Formats of the Appropriation Account
The Bill has been passed by Parliament and bears the number 26 of 2014.
As per the provisions of the orders published in the Gazette of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka in terms of the relevant Act, a rubber land which is assisted under this subsidy scheme can not be alienated without the permission of the Director General of the Rubber Development Department.
The reasons for delays need to be investigated.
Mannar Industrial Estate
Security and law enforcement
Mr. K. M. M. B. Kulatunga
Ms. W. G. Manoja
Despite the establishment of the Project Management Unit, work involving the project slowed down due to change of the originally identified location for construction of the Police Headquarters and also in view of the fact that there was a delay in arriving at a firm policy decision on the new location.
However, the Company had conducted only three Audit and Management Committee meetings during the year under review.
To assist parties to arrive at a settlement on the repayment of loans on mortgage Bonds, Deeds of Conditional Transfer and Deeds of transfer executed solely for a loan transaction in respect of immovable property
The total capital expenditure incurred on the acquisition of fixed assets during the year amounted to Rs. 13,627,124.84 as against Rs.74, 907.78 in the previous year.
Districts where the Examination Center will be established
42. Mundal
Lack of transparency of the procurement process applied.
The actual expenditure, under Special Law Services was Rs. 1,073 billion.
Current practice in the country makes the rich richer and the poor poorer.
A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Corporation will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the receivables.
Hundredth batch of the trained prison Guards (208 Officers) in the history of the Prisons passed out on 15.09.2015 at a ceremony held under the patronage of Honorable Thilak Marapana, Minister of Law & Order and Prison Reforms.
Payment of the increments of salaries beyond the maximum salary step to the officers reaching the maximum salary step of a Transitional Grade.
Accordingly, the key performance indicators developed by the Ministry of Women and Child Affairs are in Annexure H for consideration by the Ministries when preparing the budget estimates and the key performance indicators that are expected to be achieved in 2018 should be mentioned.
The Board of Directors further states that the service rendered by the employees of the Sri Lanka Cement Corporation for its advancement and development is appreciated.
Clerical & Allied grades
Main functions of the Department are given below:
According to the Loan Agreements, the Presidential Secretariat is the Executing and Implementing Agency of the Programme.
It is being designed at present.
In addition, thereto, the Amendment Act No.29 of 1999 enables the Board to intervene in respect of transfer deeds executed purely for a loan transaction, resulting in further expansion of its relief support.
Meanwhile, the net current assets had become a positive figure of Rs. 12 billion in 2013 as compared with the negative figure of Rs. 30 billion in the previous year.
Surplus before taxation or Net Deficit
The Company has defined, the Key Management Personnel of the Company are the members of its Board of Directors and that of its parent company and the Divisional Heads including General Manager.
After initial recognition, quoted equity investments classified as AFS financial assets are measured at fair value.
Grants were provided to the  Eheliyagoda and Badulla Language Clusters and 2 more Language Clusters were set up in the Kilinochchi District.
Receipt of funds for reimbursement of expenses
Internationally recognized exhibitions are organized with the collaboration of the privet sector and industry chambers to introduce modern technology and to expand the market for Sri Lankan products in each industry sector.
High percentage of income generated by the institute is from testing and calibration services while income from technology transfer and R&D is around 5%.
Implementation of 168 Prevention Education Programs Selected by the Universal Declaration of Substitute Strategic Policies for the Prevention of Alcohol, Tobacco and Adverse Psychological Targets Aimed at the General Public
New activities to be carried out for the implementation of the recommendations of the Committee appointed by the Cabinet of Ministers
Submission of F. R. 69 applications to the Department of National Budget before issuing the second and final Treasury Accounting Statements
Other Investments
2.0 Amendment 3.14
Residential seminar on Sculpture and Architecture were conducted in 3 stages 1st and 2nd of July in Vavuniya 03rd and 04th of July in Kilinochchiand 06th and 07th of July in Mullaitivu.
8. Setting out of G.P.S. control points and benchmarks for check surveys at Castlereagh dam
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations given to me, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters referred to in paragraph  2.2 of this report, I am of opinion that, the Project had maintained proper accounting records for the year ended 31 December 2015 and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Project as at 31 December 2015 in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, the funds provided had been utilized for the purposes for which they were provided, the Statements of Expenditure submitted could be fairly relied upon to support the applications for reimbursement in accordance with the requirements specified in the Loan Agreement, the satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year audit report and the financial covenants laid down in the Loan Agreement had been complied with.
Marketing Division
Parents are eligible to claim maintenance from their adopted children in addition to their biological children.
Plastic
Randenigala
Leaflets
In these 3 days event, every day 200 public including university students, school students and interested public on Hindu Religion participated and benefitted.
Eravur
Shramadana Campaign – Bathmedilla Project
This lease, which has a cancellable clause, has a remaining term of 9 years.
(c) If it is necessary to employ more than two (02) days per calendar month, the prior personal approval of the Secretary of the relevant Ministry should be obtained and payment should be made accordingly.
Conducting the District Dancing Competition with the participation of 18 Art Institutions on 18.11.2015.
Narammala
Implementation of the Official Language Policy
Mr. Y. M. Y. Yapa Bandara
This route starts with Colombo - Katunayake highway and ends in the southern highway.
Expenditure Head No. :
Mr. I. K. K. S. Edirisinghe
This office has been located in a modern seven story building near the main bus stand and railway station in Galle and in front of the Galle - Colombo Main Road.
Luxury vehicle tax
Maga Neguma Rural Roads
P.M.K. Perera
Accordingly, a group of 135 selected persons were given a systematic training for three weeks, on looking after and providing health services for elders and by now precious opportunity has emerged especially for those elders living in the Western province with the requirement of such a service, to obtain the services of these trained personal.
US $ 247 million and 240 million were received respectively from the Asian Development Bank and Japan.
The least contributed Northern Province has shown a increasing trend of its share of GDP from 2.4% to 4%, the reason being the special development activities undertaken in the area in the recent past.
International Day of Persons with Disabilities - 2015
Our institute is dedicated to provide the country with high productivity by minimizing occupational diseases and accidents in worksites through conducting various training courses and meaningful lectures and training Safety Officers for uplifting occupational safety and health.
Synchronous Meeting on Nuclear Security Information & Coordination of such information
(d) Budgetary Control
The National Cleaner Production Centre is promoting the concept of sustainable production and consumption with Cleaner Production as a baseline tool through the introduction of modern environmental management tools such as Life Cycle Assessment, Eco Design, Global Reporting Initiatives, Environment Management Services and Cooperative Social Responsibilities.
3.4 Assets Management
Providing feedback, grievances and suggestion boxes
Nallanchiya Elders Day Care Centre, Galnewa
Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation 2014
Divisional Secretariat - Pelmadulla
6. Construction of New Embilipitiya Magistrate Court Complex and Boundary Wall
Rs. 177,872,000 Million was allocated for the capital expenditure from the General Treasury and Rs. 140,909,491 Million was spent on the relevant activities.
Glycine
Divi Neguama Livelihood Development Projects (By Divisional Secretariats)
Prof. Dhammika Tantrigoda, Member Board of Governors
Quantitative and qualitative yield data were collected.
Number   Ministry/Department   Number of Graduate Trainees
05. Bulk water allocation for multiple uses.
Capital commitments and contingent liabilities
In 2014, the Capital Markets Division has taken measures to finance 22 road development projects worth approximately Rs. 33.4 billion.
Kodippili Yakdehiyage Hareendra Ruwan Chinthaka
N.A.A
Annex 36
6. People’s Merchant Finance
6.9 Provincial Cadre and Its Deployment Based on Institutional Roles and the Workload
8. Empowerment of Education, Electricity, and Administration
About 179,910 senior citizens over 70 years of age and with low income have been granted  the allowance of Rs. 1000 /-.
Accordingly, two Sinhala and Tamil spoken Classes consisting of 108 hours were conducted by the Institute during this year for the Members of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
This is a self-financing program and the participants are levied only a nominal sum to cover the core expenses like hall charges, preparation of literature for the course, etc.
The opportunity to appoint agents to observe the enumeration of electors at the district level was provided to all political parties from the year 1981.
The Court of Appeal also makes necessary orders and orders on matters referred to in the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act No. 25 of 2002 and the Mutual Assistance in Mutual Assistance in Civil and Commercial Act No. 39 of 2000 and also hears election petitions.
Thusitha Wijemanna
Morawewa
The contract between the Ministry of Irrigations & Water Resources Management and FARAB Energy and Water Project Company, the nominated contractor from Iran was signed on 28th April 2008.
To implement the community policing concept
Making necessary arrangements to present the Appropriation Bill for 2015 to Parliament, on time
ii. Secretary to the Prime Minister
DGM (Information Technology)
Integrated Irrigation and Agricultural Livelihood Development Project for the Kilinochchi and Mullaitivu Districts
Eraiyarul Amutham - 200 Copies
Mr. P. B. Warnakula
The Fixed Assets Records had not been properly maintained by the Sabha and had been listed in the Assets Accounts based on the Annual Commodity Survey Reports.
Bharathiyar Aranery School,
Cost - 86.37
Stock capital
iii. Infrastructure Division
Dr. Rohan Wijekoon
Below is the number of births of the most valuable species reported from Dehiwala National Zoo in 2014.
Interest Paid
Ensuring long-term existence of endemic wildlife species subject to the threat of extinction by implementing special projects and utilizing suitable methodologies for conservation of the same
93. Hambantota
ii. Stamp duty charged
Revenue collected during the last year (2014)
SENSORY LOSS
Entire functions pertaining to the fields of administration, finance, market promotion, design development, technical development as well as research and development and all other activities such as the provision of common facilities and library services relevant to achieving the main objectives of the Institution are fulfilled by the head office.
02.	Cannabis
15. Imbulpe
Immediate action needs to be taken to recruit qualified staff for the Project to commence the road construction works.
(D) Udadumbara
Date and the printed number of the receipt (with four sections) issued by the bank should be included in the relevant cage of the application available in the Official Languages Department’s website.
(C) Paddiruppu
Mr. A. N. P. Weerasinghe
According to the entries in the stock books, 79 inventory goods valued at Rs. 145,089 and 48 chemicals valued at Rs. 47,074 had been lying idle since the beginning of the year 2010.
National Intellectual Property Office of Sri Lanka (NIPO)
Field/ Office Based Officers - Segment 1
Organizing Hajj pilgrimages.
Total of Reimbursement Claims made after 31/12/2014 in respect of 2014 up to the finalisation of the Appropriation Account.
Varietal improvement of other field crops and vegetables
Manager,
Under this progamme, funds amounting to Rs. 16,627,000.00 were provided to the National Institute of Language Education and Training for conducting language classes.
14. Implementation of Foreign Judgments
Aithurus Mohamed Illiyas
Kuliyapitiya   01
The division has a live welfare society sponsored by the Board.
Finalized Drafts 2015
Recurrent Expenditure
Source: Barclays Bank, HSBC and Citi Bank (Joint Lead Managers for the Issuances)
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 2.2.2 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Ceylon Electricity Board as at 31 December 2013 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
Employees Trust Fund
International Atomic Energy Agency/ Regional Cooperation Agreement Regional Training Course on Trans-boundary Animal Diseases
Replacement of defective 132 kV circuit breaker poles in Embilipitiya - Hambantota 132 kV line.
Installation and commissioning of a PABX that was removed from the Habarana grid substation at the Rantambe power station for improving communication facilities of the Rantambe power station (two subscriber units for the Habarana grid substation were provided from the PABX at the Ukuwela power station)
Separate Accounts should be prepared for each Revenue Code
1. Mrs. Imelda Sukumar
Community-Based Rehabilitation Project
My No.: EST-1/RESCH/09/0001
02. Sending time for urgent special programmes at the cost of general programmes.
2.8. Attachments
Do all such other things as are necessary for, or incidental to, the attainment of the objects of the commission or necessary for or  incidental to, the exercise of any powers of the commission
Issuing of Furniture
Financial & other charges
Declaration of cash prepared on indirect basis as at 31st December 2013
Expenditure: Rs.971,061.33
Kurudugahahetekma to Pinnaduwa: Substantially completed.
(C) Horana
Goals achieved in year 2014
Director of Legal & Administration
The allocation made under the Project is not utilized for intended purposes.
Mrs. Nanda Karunasena
Accordingly, funds were provided to 67 Aranery Schools of 18 Districts of Kandy, Kegalle, Colombo, Ratnapura, Kilinochchi, Batticaloa, Trincomalee, Jaffna, Vavuniya, Puttalam, Kalutura, Mullaitivu, Badulla, Nuwara Eliya, Matale, Kurunagala, Galle and Polonnaruwa.
In addition, a technical mission from the World Trade Organization assisted the EDB to prepare an information dossier on Ceylon Cinnamon as a geographical indicator.
C 2266
Further, instructions in this regard will be issued separately.
(a) As the expenditure incurred by the Kankasanthurai Cement Concrete Production and Sales Division exceeded the total income, losses had been incurred continuously and the particulars of the losses of the five preceding years and the year under review are given below.
Extraordinary Gazette No. 1597/8 of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka dated 17 April 2009.
III. Secretary to the Cabinet of Ministers
Platignam Realty Investment
Divisional Secretariat, Monaragala
No.of Temples
The Accounts Division of the Ministry consists of two main divisions.
(d) Procurements
Cashier
As a result, the efficiency of the Police Department is further boosted and the administrative mechanism of the Headquarters will be streamlined.
7.	National Youth Services Council
Accordingly, the programmes launched in parallel with Deyata Kiruna National Development Exhibition 2014/2015 are given below.
The Institute has facilities to provide residential training for batches of 30 personnel, an auditorium, two lecture halls, and a well-equipped E-learning facility.
Galle Face Hotels Limited Ordinary Shares at Rs. 100/- each
A Deputy General Manager is the head of a unit that manages provincial affairs.
In addition to issuing the final Treasury Accounting Statement for the year 2015 on the website of this Department, the certified originals of the same will be issued to the relevant Ministries / Departments and District Secretariats upon a formal written request.
Substation
To improve the physical, mental, religious and cultural interest of Aranery School Students, 174 Yoga classes, 64 Miruthanka classes, 75 Violin classes, 102 Pannisai classes and 03 Hindu Saints Guru Poojas and Thiruvasaka festivals were conducted at Nallur Navalar Manimandapam, which is administered by the Department.
Lanka Coal Company (Pvt.) Ltd. (LCC)
Skilled Technical Services
Conducting awareness programmes on the implementation of official languages policy for the members of the Provincial Administration
Proficiency level as recommended by the Heads of Department/ Secretary to the Ministry 4
Moneragala No. 02
Population distribution by divisional secretariat division and gender can be mentioned as follows:
Total electricity expenditure of the year amounted Rs. 858,868. 50 was calculated also including this amount of money.
However, it has not commenced operations yet.
The billed revenue for the year under review amounted to Rupees 90 million.
Before a flood avoid building in a flood prone area unless you elevate your home.
Sri Lanka Traditional Karate Federation
Under the programme of making awareness on gender, two workshops were held in Sinhala and Tamil medium for National Integration Promotion Assistants, Coordinators and assistant staff on 18th and 19th of September 2014.
09. Vavuniya (South)
Administration Cost
Situation as at 31.12.2013
Conference on Fundraising
(d) The original estimated cost of Rs.3,370 million on improvement and rehabilitation works of Badulla - Karametiya - Andaulpotha Road had been revised up to Rs.5,073 million due to additional works.
6.8 Establishment of an Effective Monitoring and Evaluation Mechanism
(Attorney – At – Law, Post Graduate Diploma in Port Management & Shipping – Netherlands)
Close to the election period, the details of those on the electoral register who were abroad and who have passed away were obtained by the Grama Niladharis and a stamp was placed on the official lists.
Cost of Sales of Cement - Jaffna
Divineguma Livelihood Development Program - 2015
Sri Ranjitha Gomez
Several significant events happened in the administrative structure of our Department during this year.
Matters in Contentious Nature
Salary (1001 - 1003)
Consolidated statement of financial position
After receiving the project proposals from interested students, the Institute selected 14 farmer students to grant the financial assistance considering the information gathered through field visits, observations and individual project proposals.
According to the financial statements presented, the operational result of the Corporation for the year under review had resulted in a surplus of Rs.5,149,861 as against the deficit of Rs.104,172,501 for the preceding year.
Comments of the Accounting Officer
(B) Negombo
An awareness program was conducted on implementation, evaluation and the operational Mechanism of Mahinda Chinthana Vision for 100 Community Based Correction Officers at Sri Lanka Institute of Development Administration at an expense of Rs. 147,500.00.
Although Rs. 352,995 had been paid for the construction of the Pero Cement Tank which collects water from Work Item Nos. 47 to 56, there were four cracks and breakages in the tank.
16. Complete renovation of the official residence of the Additional District Judge, Kegalle
Members of the Maintenance Board for Elders
Activities related to pensions
Number 20
Divinaguma - wood / Textiles
Incomplete details of the appeals and complaints
Statement of changes in Equity
Wholesale / Retail Distribution Centers for Agricultural Products and Essential Foods
The Presidential candidate, Mr.Maithiripala Srisena, won the Presidential election held on 08th January 2015 with the total votes of 209,422 in the Batticaloa District.
Overtime and holiday payments
Radiation Safety Inspection of the Commissioned Gamma Radiation Safety in Radiation Safety
To build a tri-lingual society, co-existing peacefully.
Mr. I. W. S. Jayaratne
(b) The Budget Estimates for the year 2012 had been approved by the Board of Directors on 04 May 2012.
National Institute of Co-operative Development - Polgolla
Conducting special poojas to commemorate Hindu priests, preserving Hindu religious sermons and traditions
Accordingly, with the support of Grama Niladharies and the inspection of recognized political parties' representatives, this was done after Puttalam District Divisional Secretaries had been made aware of it.
Allowances (same)
Six bids have been opened during the year 2015.
Paaliyaru Rural Development Society
Miss Y. M. U. Anjali
If the wind suddenly drops, don't assume that the cyclone is over.
Three new pests, bulb mite (Rhizoglyphus spp.), flower chafer beetle (Oxycetonia Versicolor), and Tuber moth (Phthorimaea operculella) were identified in onion cultivation.
Nuwara Eliya Agricultural Cooperative Society
(b) The funds provided had been utilized for the purposes for which they were provided,
Finance Commission Forecast
Damage to machinery and equipment and use for unauthorized activities
03.Development of land earmarked for distribution among war heroes
2. Regional level conference of Manthai East Rural Women and Rural Development Societies
The summary can be viewed in a graphical user friendly method on the web Geographical Information System application.
Introduction of F.M. theories
It was obstacles faced by the village’s public to get the medical service, due to the 80 percents vacancy in nursing officers and 25 percents in medical officers in Northern Province.
3.4.2 Failure to ensure the Security of Assets
7.3 Geographical Information System Branch
Physical Performance as at 31 December 2018
A DNA testing laboratory with all the necessary equipment, which was essential to the forensic division has been established in this premise and case analysis is being carried out.
A language seminar was held at the Thanamalwila Divisional Secretariat on 11.07.2014 too.
The annual Diyata Kirula National Development Program has been conducted from its inception in 2007 with the participation of the  Ministry as well as other institutions under it.
(e) Circular of Secretary to the Treasury No.IAI/2002/02 dated 28 November 2002 - A separate Register of Assets in respect of Computers, Accessories and Software had not been maintained.
CP / MD / 04 / Miscellaneous / 14
In terms of Section 124(1) of the Inland Revenue Act No.10 of 2006 and in terms of Section 86(2) of the Inland Revenue Act No. 24 of 2017, the statements on Pay As You Earn Tax should be submitted within 30 days after the end of the each valuation year.
Marine invertebrates
Supt. Radiographer, National Hospital of Sri Lanka, Colombo
Pulukkutti Arachchige Don Stanley Norbert
(f) The total hire charges paid during the year 2012 for a motor vehicle obtained on the basis of paying monthly hire charges without following proper procurement procedure amounted to Rs.601,500.
R.Ekanayake Wickramasinghe
Overruling the said Cabinet Decision, the PAYE tax paid by the Board as at 31 December 2013 was Rs. 1,312 million.
9. Director General, Department of Public Enterprises
Valuable assets such as gems and gold
Lecture series on Hindu Religion
According to the financial statements presented, the operating surplus of the Fund for the year ended on 31 December 2012 amounted to Rs. 145,587,707 as compared with the corresponding surplus of Rs. 171,182,085 for the preceding year, thus indicating a deterioration of Rs. 25,594,378 in the financial results.
59 Mr. D. S. P. Perera, P. M. S. I
Awareness program for school bus services
All provinces have their own resource potentials which could be harnessed for development.
The economic reforms adopted by the government in 1977 completely revamped the Government's industrial policy strategy Industrial policy was aimed at the export sector as the engine of growth.
Salmal Landa long drama,
The main tasks of Accounts and Financial Division are the management of finances by utilizing annually budgeted provisions set aside for intended purposes and maintaining documents of financial control.
Approved Projects
(a)The value of the revenue that is collected by other Ministries/ Departments under the Revenue Head of your Ministry/Department and recorded in the monthly Accounts Summaries of such Ministries and Departments
Re-settlement
“Safe sustainable nutritious staple grain foods for every household.”
Cook PL 2
Conducting general administration & discipline within the Ministry
(ii) Out of the 490 tons of decaying garbage collected in the year 2017 for the Solid Waste Management Center, about 140 tons had been used for compost production and the rest had been dumped onto a bare land.
Accordingly, an awareness creation program with regard to the Official Languages Policy was held for heads of private hospitals in Colombo District on 28.08.2015 at the “Center for Banking Studies” of Central Bank at Ragagiriya.
A Corporate Plan and Action Plan for the year under review had not been prepared by the Company in terms of Section 5.1 of the Public Enterprises Circular No.PED/12 dated 02 June 2003
Actual Expenditure
Projects 2011
1. Fixed assets
Mrs. Yasanthi Samarasinghe is the Assistant Director of Development and Planning Division of this Ministry.
A procurement plan for the year under review had not been prepared by the Sabha.
1st Batch
Health risks and inconveniences
This year, measures will be taken to review the corporate plan of the Cement Corporation.
Black Gram
2 (2) Abuses
Total population
Economic Census 2014
3.1. Establishment of Open Prisons
Provision of basic safety facilities for 80 large dams, Provision of Basic dam facilities is considered as a prime requirement to improve basic safety at dam and appurtenant structures under DSWRP Project.
To hold Language Proficiency Examinations
Cheating
Similarly, due to the impact of external factors beyond the control of the Authority, the certificate income has declined by 40% and as the establishment of management corporations has been made mandatory in order to achieve objectives set out by the Act, an additional expenditure has to be borne in the year 2011 in comparison to the previous year.
Tri-Forces and Police
The maximum limit on liabilities is Rs.
In the revenue collection process for the year 2015, the progress of the physical performance of the licensing process is as follows.
04. Practical difficulties that emerged in organizing workshops
Training Officer
The Vice Chancellor of the University of Sri Jayewardenepura Prof. Sampath Amaratunga will deliver the keynote address at the event.
This represents settlements made by the Treasury on behalf of the company for ASTARSA Loan and Treasury Guaranteed Loan obtained from Peoples Bank.
The Company had not prepared an action plan clearly identifying the responsibilities of Managers with goals and targets to be achieved during the Plan period as per the para 5.1.2 of Hand Book on the Public Enterprises Guidelines for Good Governance issued No. PED/12.
Sachchidanandan Suren Kanna
New Recruitments to the Sri Lanka Police and the Police Special Task Force
Sihabdeen Mohamad Nilam
Under the directives given by the Ministry action has taken to develop infrastructure facilities of the Sri Lanka Police constructing new police buildings amounting to Rs. 592 Million.
The first supplementary summary of accounts should be submitted including only the transactions which were not included in the summary of accounts in December 2017.
6. Uma-Oya Project
4.2 Crimes against Women and Children
Spare parts – ENG 11
(b) Manufacturing & Selling of Concrete Products
The accounting policies and notes on pages 7 through 34 form an integral part of these Financial Statements
10.3.3. Mr. M. K. S. S. Ratnayake, Deputy Commissioner of Elections participated in local government election observation in Indonesia from 07.12.2015 to 13.12.2015.
Engineering Division
Awareness Program - Handicrafts
12. Mr. Jananath Warakagoda
Electrical Engineer (Generation Planning), Ceylon Electricity Board - Supporting Energy Planning and a Pre-feasibility Study for Nuclear Power and Human Resource Development in Nuclear Power (for Electrical Engineers)
Amortized cost is computed taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and transaction costs.
Filling up of Vacancies and Creating New Positions
Under this, fruits, vegetables and supplementary crops are expected to be produced commercially and targeted at the market.
Necessary action has been taken for the renovation and reconstruction activities of 33 Churches island wide including St.Anthony’s Church in Wasalakotte and National shrine of our Lady of Marandamadhu.
Five Thursdays starting from 30th
One per cent of estimated selling price had been recovered for 30 auctioned lands.
less more
(1kg / Rs.)
Although the net profit ratio shows a favorable position in the year under review and in the previous years, the Company had maintained an unnecessary liquidity position throughout the year by way of investing Rs. 560 million or 35 per cent of the total asset.
On Farm Water Management
Its price was adjusted in order to reach higher profit margins.
Weerambugedara, Kotavehera, Mahawa, Wariyapola, Nakkawatta
When the salary conversion is made, the Salary Code and the Grade applicable under the existing salary structure as at 31.12.2015 should be identified.
T.P. - 0112888934
The relevant institution had already made new technical arrangements to recycle the non-fish solid waste in a manner not cause environmental damages.
Rehabilitation of Badulla - Chenkaladi A5 Road
The arrears of revenue of the preceding years also had included in the collected revenue of the year under review.
Justice of the Peace
Issuing and dissemination of Early Warning messages and developing linkages through regional cooperation schemes
Cumulative depreciation is deducted from the cost and equity value of the property and equipment.
This data is used in the preparation of national accounts.
Actual Values ​​for the Year 2015
Sale of Arrack of the State and possession of more than 7.5 liters of such Arrack without a license
13. Attending foundation laying for housing ceremony at Galgamuwa Ranaviru village on 27.10.2011
Two applications were submitted during this year to obtain the local patent.
New Design Training Program
Field Office Building No. 02 and planting programs were implemented.
Work in process
However, 374 officers participated in 36 short-term and 03 officers in 03 long-term local training programmes.
The service rendered by the Ceylon Electricity Board was commended by His Excellency the President on 17th November 2013 at the Bandaranayake Memorial International Conference Hall.
Promotions
8. Manual of District Statistics
There will be 4 interchanges on the Expressway at the following locations.
16. Lankapura
3.6 Identified Losses
(a) the Project had maintained proper accounting records for the year ended 31 December 2017 and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Project as at 31 December 2017 in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards and
Sri Lanka received USD 140 million, USD 200 million and USD 290 million in loan assistance for the periods 2008-2009, 2009-2012 and 2012-2015 respectively.
Even though the court fines receivable as at 31 December 2018 was revealed as Rs. 5,160,000 in the accounts, a sum of Rs. 590,500 relating to November 2018 and the court fines relevant to  the month of December had not been included in the balance receivable.
According to the Grant Agreement
Commonwealth, War Graves, Jawatta
This National Task Force consists of representatives of all government agencies that have been identified as responsible for providing solutions to human trafficking in the country.
15 UPS Machines 260 295
Transfer orders given against the requests of the officers concerned
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these Financial Statements.
13 Disciplinary inquires
While constructing Katunayake Expressway a disparity between the RDA and construction company arose on the total length of the noise barriers.
Nagoda
In this, the US $ 788 million for loan repayments and US $ 471 million for interest are included.
Letter and Names of Polling Divisions
(e) A sum of Rs.844,622 receivable from a private institution to the Elayapattuwa Factory since before the year 2008 had not been recovered even by the end of September 2013.
Management Institute of Sri Lanka
Kuwait Dinar
Programme under the Nature Academy
Psychological workshop
Special Gazettes
3.11.1 Financial assets
The Notice under Section 20 of the Act was published in Gazette No. 1947/33 of 31.12.2015 and in the newspapers on the same day.
Other Payables
1st year
All Academic and Non Academic Staff,
Greeting for Poson Festival
Specialist in  Cardiology, Lady Ridgeway Hospital for Children, Colombo 08
Accrual  Donation (Housing)
District Divi Neguma Director
Petroleum Industries
(i) The garbage collected at Ambanpola town had been dumped in a land in Amunugama area and the people too had disposed garbage into the land without permission, pieces of glass and waste from the fish stalls had also been scattered over the land.
(c) The above (b) Observations of the Board
Operating the Transport Division
Consumer Service Cost Centre-wise accounting has been completed.
Introduction to the institution
The objective of this programme is to enhance the familiarity with the people and to provide effective service delivery through the learning of a second language.
Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the revenue and associated costs incurred or to be incurred can be reliably measured.
National Institute of Social Development
Length: 63 km
(VII) Fixed assets
Revenue collected for other headings
In view of that, the total amount is Rs. 17,119/-
The relevant Ministry / Department / District Secretariat is responsible for the accuracy of the information given in the journal entries forwarded to this Department for such corrections.
1.3 Basis for Qualified Opinion
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Program’s financial reporting process.
This program was successfully completed for eight sports, namely, athletics, football, volleyball, swimming, badminton, judo, netball and rugby.
Co-operative Employees' Commission,
The Ranaviru Real Star reality TV program
However, the date of reporting for duty is a subsequent date owing to the circumstance beyond his control, the Transfer Committee shall take that into consideration.
5.17 Observers of the Association of Asian Election Authorities (AAEA) and the Forum of the Election Management Bodies of South Asia (FEMBOSA) participated as foreign observers with the coordination of the Department of Elections.
Condominium Management Authority Annual Report 2011
Out of this almost USD 33 million worth of goods were exported to China.
The nominated users will be trained on the new Chart of Accounts and Budget Planning module of ITMIS during the month of August so that they can enter budget estimate for the year 2018 in ITMIS.
Chapter 03
The estimated population for 2015 is 1,091,000, of which the male population is 523,169(48%), and female population is 567,831(52%).
Purchase of equipment for laboratory activities.
The main objective of this program is to increase the productivity of the food cultivations by providing the necessary technical and other assistance in order to direct farmers and youth towards commercial agriculture.
Interest type
Furniture and office equipment
The Export Board of Sri Lanka has allocated Rs. 3,080,000 last year to develop the skills of 400 youths in the National Youth Services Council.
As at the reporting date amounting to Rs.2,528.12 million (U.S.D. 19.21 Mn) had been paid to that company as pre-delivery payment.
Maligawatta emergency repairs
12. Implementing the “Enterprise Sri Lanka” program
Containers
II. Reorganization of Entrepreneurial Societies
Officials representing the Ministry, the National Institute of Language Education and Training and the Ministry of Finance participated.
I. We do not agree on commenting only on selected 6 publications where the group is carrying 28 publications, 3 subsidiaries, commercial printing, annual publication and digital printing specially where an the audit opinion is expressed on consolidated Financial Statements.
My No.: EST-7/TRPOT/05/1012
To be the bastion of the Public Service of Sri Lanka in responding effectively to the administration of justice and fairness for Sri Lanka and all its people.
Apart from the above administrative services, this division also carries out the following duties.
Veterinary Drug Control Authority
Personal computer maintenance methods and troubleshooting
Projects implemented By RDA
Country Visited
Balance
(c) As for the work of renovating the road in Pothuwepitiya by laying interlock stones under Work Item 05, the curb formworks thereof had not complied with the specifications.
Lending & Reference
Total of 61
Loading Charges
International Bond Issuances
2. Provincial Irrigation Department
Table 12: Revenue of the Department of National Zoological Gardens for the year 2014
SCHEDULE 01 – Surgical & Hospital Reimbursement Insurance Cover
Seminar on World Trade Organization’s (WTO) Trade Facilitation Self – Assessment of Need & Priorities for Sri Lanka was held in Colombo in March 2014.
Increased tourist hotel room occupancy rate in the South Coast
Cash & cash equivalents include local currency notes and coins on hand as at 31st December 2018.
Repairs and maintenance
“To ensure conservation of wildlife resources in a professional manner while working together with everyone. ˮ
Detailed report of the retired officers and employees is given in Table No. XXI.
Sri Lanka’s main exports to Pakistan include Pepper, vegetable products, beedi leaves, betel leaves, coconut shell pieces, natural rubber, coconuts, fresh or dried cashew nuts.
Publicity & propaganda (25%)
Law reform for greater recognition, protection, and promotion of the rights of the citizens.
The arrears should be recovered.
Paddy cultivation
Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs
Department of Christian Religious Affairs
Chief Secretaries of Provinces,
Presentation of Estimates
To take action in the following manner subject to the confirmation made by the Head of the Institution to the effect that the tasks performed by relevant officer can be continued without interruption and no prescriptions have been made otherwise on the office hours.
Location: Badulla district
4.2 Foreign Training
Initiatives contributing to Social Integration, based on local needs, are consolidated for replication
District Training activities
(a) Six trade stalls of which the minimum monthly rental was Rupees 71,250 had not been leased in the year 2017.
Senior Lecturer
Developing second language through new technology
A.C.A. - 5 (b)
9. Construction of Judge’s Bungalow of the Puttalam High Court
Financial Administration of the Department of National Budget
Manthai salt Limited is a profit-making institution.
Emergency repairs of Management Corporations
B.II Senior Assistant Secretaries/ Directors or officers of equivalent capacity
Cash & cash equivalents
03rd March 02 Days
Turn Over
Amount (USD)
Liabilities and provisions are recognized in the Balance sheet when there is a present legal /constructive obligation as a result of the past events.
According to financial statements presented, excess of revenue over recurrent expenditure of the Sabha for the year ended 31 December 2018 had been Rs.27,297,032.
Kokkuwil Hindu College
With an annual growth rate of 0.8%, the public sector consumed 19.4% of total sales.
Coordinating the development activities implemented by the Ministry of Justice at Divisional and District level with District Secretariats and Divisional Secretariats
Cash Balance
US dollars
Information is also collected on the revenue, expenditure of the active Pradeshiya Sabhas in the district and the services provided by the council.
Secretary to the Ministry of Justice
Revision of 2:5 of Chapter VI, 1:5 of Chapter XII, and 6:4 of Chapter XXVIII of the Establishments Code
19. No statement where a candidate promotes the candidature of another contestant of another party or group be broadcast, telecast, or published.
Vice-Chairman
To assist the management to review, evaluate and report on services and functions of the Ministry and in all the levels of other institutions under it, and to correctly report on the internal control system.
Internal Audit Assistant
Divisional Secretariat Details
Eight exotic varieties were tested and one variety was identified as suitable for cultivation in the dry zone.
The establishment of this Exercise Center is expected to conduct practical exercises/ activities relating to the courses conducted by the Institute.
Report of the Auditor General on the Financial Statements of the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation for the year ended 31 December 2012 in terms of Section 14 (2) (c) of the Finance Act No. 38 of 1971
Date of the Gazette Notification
To deal with transfers among service stations within Departments (To take action by District Secretary regarding the transfers among Divisional Secretariats within the district)
Department of Agriculture won the award for the best exhibition site in the Deyata Kirula exhibition in 2013.
During the WGTI, many countries presented their new project proposals and updates of the projects that have already been implemented.
The Semi-Domestic Chicks Production Project maintained in the Pallekele Farm had incurred production and maintenance expenditure exceeding the selling price and as such, the Authority had incurred a loss of Rs. 42,705 in the year 2012 from the sale of 784 chicks.
Urban Retail Distribution Centers
Sabaragamuwa Governor's Office
Miscellaneous payable – Suwa sahana
Kamburupitiya - Matara
Accounting
Conservation of rare and endangered plant and animal species in Botanical and Zoological Gardens.
Tuesday, 08 August, 2017
Finance Commission Recommendation
Rent advance received from leasing lands
Residents' lack of understanding of the importance of management corporations for the maintenance of the common elements of the property.
23rd August - 02 Days
Shifting of Prisons
Number of Number Plates Obtained
Selected Financial Data (Rs. Million)
Maximum Expenditure Limit (011)
2101 Vehicles
3.4. Bilateral Discussion on Trade, Investment and Economic issues between India and Sri Lanka
It is informed that action will be taken to correct this in the future.
Director
3.11 Details of Land Area of the District
10. Report of the Audit Committee - 23
Purchase of Tele drama
The first Treasury Accounting Statements including all receipts and payments, and correction of errors reported by the first summary of accounts in December 2017 and the first supplementary summary of accounts will be released to the Department of State accounts webpage of the Treasury Website, http/www.treasury.gov.lk.
Paranawithanalage Surani Manjula
The Herbal Technology Division of the Industrial Technology Institute has developed a method for identifying Wallapatta and its resin by adopting GC/ MS technology.
Number of estates executed
3. Establishment of Unit Office System for easy access to grass root level and relation between beneficiaries and other stake hold agencies
The objective of this programme is to guide the officers to develop their careers and to build their personalities.
Auditing of accounts of the Ministry, the departments under it and the three statutory institutions i.e. Superior Courts Complex Management Board, Judges Training Institute, and Legal Aid Commission; the Mediation Board Commission which is functioning as a support project under the expenditure head of Ministry Administration; the office of the Labour Tribunal which is functioning as a support project under the expenditure head of Courts Administration; and High Courts, Civil Appeal High Courts, District Courts and Magistrate's Courts which are under the expenditure head of Courts Administration are carried out by the Internal Audit Division.
The project also aims at preventing the secondary victimization of child victims of crime when they enter in the Criminal Justice System.
Five industrial companies have begun their commercial production operations. employing about eight hundred and seventy-five persons.
Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company determines the cash-generating unit (CGUs).
Amparai Senarath Somaratne District Sports Complex
Issuing motor transport lease, business permits, birth, death and marriage certificates, road transport licenses
Transfers
Projects Completed in 2014
1.3.2 Accounts Receivable and Payable
Training seminars are being conducted in the districts to regularize the teaching methods of Aranery School Teachers, explain the concept of the syllabus and conduct practicals for the students.
The final payment has been made for the implementation of the lease agreement.
Mr. W.K.B. Nihal Prame - Deputy Director, Geological Survey and Mines Bureau (GSMB)
Thuraisami Mathiyalagan
As an SLAS officer, she has worked in several Ministries such as Transport and Highways, Traditional Industries and Small Enterprise Development, State Infrastructure Development, Hill Country New Villages Infrastructure Development Ministry and Department of Immigration and Emigration and Divisional Secretariat in Ingiriya and Horana.
Cost or Valuation
Finally, you are kindly requested to make every possible arrangement to make it possible farmer community to obtain the necessary assistance and concessions without delay and difficulty.
The Company assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is objective evidence that trade receivables are impaired.
Non Judicial Officers' Training Institute
Submitted observations on 02 Cabinet Memoranda of other Ministries relating to the subject of wildlife conservation.
In Accordance with the provisions of the Conversion of Public Corporations and Government Owned Business Undertakings into Public Companies Act. No 23 of 1987 and the Companies Act of No. 7 of 2007, I am pleased to present the Annual Reports and the Statement of Accounts, in respect of the activities of the Company for the period of 01.04.2012 31.03.2013.
Domba
Madhu Divisional Secretariat
Comparison of the number of registered electors according to Electoral Districts 2014 - 2015
Home and mobile Phones
Quality Controlling Division
Eastern 7,302 12
6.5 MEDIATION BOARDS COMMISSION
However, as stipulated by the “Code of Best Practices in Corporate Governance for Public Enterprises in Sri Lanka” Committee proposed to appoint a new auditor for the Financial Year 2014/15, subject to the approval of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.
Mrs. M. P. Lili
Provision for Impairment
RAS/6/065
Translators are trained in three streams, Sinhala, Tamil and English.
Accordingly, all public organizations are required to submit information pertaining to their non-financial assets.
Law College Entrance Examination for the year 2015 was conducted on 06.09.2014 by the Commissioner General of Examinations.
Central Environmental Authority
Japanese Ambassador Konichi Sugonoma, JICA Chief Representative in Sri Lanka, Kiyoshi Amada, Milco Chairman Keerthi Mihiripenna and other officials were also present on the occasion.
Providing medical assistance and eye lenses to persons below 60 years of age with visual impairment to regain their eye sight
Housing Development Authority
Individual visits to the host country
If the new purchase is to replace a rented vehicle, respective rent agreement should be terminated immediately after purchasing the new vehicle.
Rs. 200 million for the promotion of urban and semi-urban infrastructure facilities
The Kuwait Fund for Arab Development has agreed to provide US $ 35 million for the development of 25 bridges on the national road network in 2014.
Grants Rupees
It is the policy of this Ministry to shift prisons that have been located in the middle of the cities that have very high economic value to more spacious areas away from those cities.
Accordingly, an invited debate tournament in the Northern Province was held on 18.10.2013.
Co-operative Surplus Fund - Donations - 2014
Stage 2
The basic objective of this programme is granting an instant relief of Rs.10000 to the closest relative of a war hero who makes highest contribution in keeping remains of a war hero who sacrificed his life in action or hosting the three month alms giving.
Billed Revenue
Annexure 3.10
Project & Expenditure by Project
Number of Land Kachcheris Held
The first result was observed by the system detecting type III solar radio burst.
The reasons for the deterioration are mainly due to the increase in aircraft fuel cost amounting to Rs.13,634.92 million, the increase in Withholding tax expense amounting to Rs.6,972.27 million, and the increase in an exchange loss of Rs.9,787.84 during the year under review.
Accountant
Providing the necessary knowledge and mental environment to face the scholarship examination for the children with low educational opportunities
Annual performance Report
For this purpose, the Branch is expected to arrange or conduct local and foreign training programmes with the assistance of the Training Branch for the carrier development of both executive and non-executive grade staff members, prepare the Annual Personnel Plan for the Division to meet the future human resource requirements and assist the Division to prepare the CEB’s Corporate Plan for the period, 2014-2018.
Department of Export Agriculture
Inclusion of Sub-appendices of the New Deal Agreements of 2014 into the Commonwealth Debt Recording and Management System (CS-DRMS)
The Department of Prisons and Department of Community Based Corrections being placed under the purview of the Ministry of Law, Order, and Prison Reforms; the development Division performed the following functions from September to December 2015.
4.2.1 APPROVED CADRE – DISTRICT SECRETARIAT
Adjustments have been made towards inflationary factors that may affect the financial policies and the accounting reports have been prepared on accrual basis.
Parliament
Thus, Returning Officers reported that the Department of Elections issued new temporary identity cards to 82,819 voters for the Parliamentary Election.
Sri Lanka National Design Institute
Irrigation
Culture Bottles
Management must be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification.
Auditors Remuneration (Fees and Expenses)
List of the Names of the Disciplinary Inquiry Officers under Sub Section 19:5, Chapter XLVIII, Volume II of the Establishments Code
Labourer ii
The winners of these competitions have already been selected and arrangements have been made to award prizes.
Drafted waste management policy to facilitate existing issues
4. Conducting physical fitness programs
The objective of the Project is to construct a new expressway with a linkage to the Southern Expressway and the Central Expressway to improve transport and infrastructure facilities of the Sabaragamuwa Province and a part of the Western Province.
2.1.2 Awareness program of Matale pilot area was held on 21st September 2015 at District Secretariat, Matale which was chaired by Additional District Secretary, Matale and at the meeting it was discussed on the correct strategies, standards for the construction of agro wells and Chronic Kidney Disease prevailing in Wilgamuwa DS division.
Transport, communication utilities and other services
Maintenance of “Sisu Udana” Accounts
Samurdhi Bank Servings
652 A. Ihala Uswewa
Motivating for Self-employment
Government Sector (Inter Departments)
Exposure visits and District Forums helped to put into practice these workshops.
6.5.8 Issuing Certificate of Accreditation
Annexure 3.6
Laboratory
(e) Treasury Circular No. IAI/2002/02 of 28 November 2002
All Secretaries to the Ministries, Chief Secretaries of the Provincial Councils, Heads of Departments, Chairmen of Corporations and Statutory Boards
Data is being analyzed and reports are being prepared.
4. Operational Reviews
3. School sanitary facilities (renovation and new constructions)
21 National Water Supply and Drainage Board's  All Employees Credit Society Ltd. 09
Amendments
National Dairy Farmers' Co-operative Society Ltd.
There may be delays in completion of work and losses due to additional bills of contractors
Income Tax Receivable
Account Balance
03. Secretary, Public Services Commission - for information
Length (Km): 34.35
6 Systems and Controls
(a) Unidentified payments amounting to Rupees 96,411 were shown in 13 instances as per the monthly reconciliation of 03 bank accounts.
5.1.4 Progress of Determination of Title
Share of Profit of Associates Net of Tax
Industrial Development Board
VHF/UHF - Mobile and Fixed Radio Communication System
Opportunities to enter into an agreement with the Russian Federation
(d) Failure to take Actions in terms of Provisions in the Act
Canada  23
22/4, Wijaya Kumaranathunga Mawatha, Colombo 05
37 Elder Rights Promotion Officers attached to the National Secretariat for Elders are participating in this course.
The programme which was implemented in previous years regarding the multiple registrations in the electoral register was carried out during the year 2015 too.
AGRAHARA “SILVER SCHEME”
Note (iv) - The status reports on Bank Accounts
Humidity %
Assistant Director (Development)
4. Providing Financial Assistance to Elder Day Care Centres.
Expenditure Percentage
Mr. Sunanda Ashoka Mendis
Property machinery and equipment
(b) Assets Control
4.8.1. Issuing of media guidelines to all electronic and print media.
Supply of High-Quality Japanese Products (Medical Equipment and Welfare Equipment) under Non-Japanese Grant Assistance
(d) Trade and Other Payable Balances
The new plant is expected to start production before the end of this year.
Promotion of Hindu Culture
I have great a pleasure to forward this report prepared to be submitted to the Parliament at the committee stage of the Budget Debate of the Ministry of Labour and Labour Relations for the year 2013, on the progress achieved by the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health in the year 2012.
By Transferring
4. Primary Level
Saman Devalaye Perahera (live telecast)
87. Sustainable use and conservation of mangrove ecosystems and their diversity
Other Current Assets
One of the main obstacles against the maintenance of long lasting peace in Sri Lanka was the gruesome terrorism that caused havoc on the socio economic fabric of the country over a period of almost thirty years.
04.Auditing of unaudited Government institutions in Bilingual Administrative Divisions.
The Notaries Ordinance has been directed to amend as fraudulent land deals are underway.
Move essential items to an upper floor or to a higher level.
Source:  Monthly Revenue Reports of Provincial Councils - 2014
Actions had not been taken to identify the properties located in the newly developed areas within the division of the Sabha.
Ten items of accounts totaling Rs. 16,995,688 could not be satisfactory verified in audit due to non-submission of required evidence for audit.
2-3 years
Wetlands consisting with Mangrove plants, believed to be a great creation of the nature and lagoons also exist throughout the coastal belt area.
During the first day of this event, 1000 copies of the souvenir, Thiruvathavurarum Saivanerium,  which was published was distributed to the participants, free of charge.
It is my view that the Company's financial statements comply with the requirements of Section 151 of the Companies Act No. 07 of 2007, except that the Company had not filed Annual Reports with the Registrar of Companies since 2013.
STC continued to be a profitable entity in spite of the liquidity issues it has been facing with the challenge of declining sales revenue due to the restrictions on felling of trees above 5000 ft.
One important task of the skills development project is to make provision for family members of the war heroes and of those who retired with disability improve their computer knowledge.
At the end of the year under review, Rs. 84.55 million had been returned to the Treasury.
Transfers will be made purely by the Transfer Committees but not under ordinary functions of the Combined Divisions.
(Report should be in the English language)
Private Timber Transportation Charges
and
* Do not drive into flooded areas.
Namal Rajapaksha
The National Cleaner Production Centre was established under this Ministry in the year 2002 as the 24th Cleaner Production Centre in the world the aim of this centre is basically to facilitate industrialists to achieve the challenges mentioned in the proceeding paragraphs The Ministry of Industry and Commerce is the implementing agency of this project while the Federation of Chambers of Commerce  Industry in Sri Lanka (FCCISL) is the execution agency.
Maintenance of electric fence in Udawalawa National Park
8.1 Courses conducted by the Survey Training Institute during the year
Widows and Orphans & LGS Pensions
(c) Motor Vehicles Control
The following activities were carried out in 2015 under this study with the objective of studying and collecting data on hydro chemical data and water level variations required to manage groundwater use in those areas.
Scope of Audit and Basis of Opinion
Rural Community Awareness Program
A comprehensive plan for the five years 2011-2015 had been prepared and not enough attention had been paid to achieve its stated mission, vision and objectives.
May - 07
Establishment of Language Associations
Your salary is converted as follows in terms of the above circular as at 01.01.2018.
Audit Officer (1)
Approved Toilets
Foreign
Automotive Painting Technology
Promotion of Information Communication Network
When contributing money to beneficiaries, each beneficiary is paid Rs. 1,000/- for 4 months period through the Divisional Secretariat.
According to the observations of the District Deputy/ Assistant Commissioners of Elections in this connection, an opportunity to identify genuine residents and to accept BC forms from them was provided and the attempts to insert names fraudulently to get children admitted to popular schools, could be minimized.
03.Studies of plants that are lesser known & underutilized in the dry zone
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these Financial Statements based on our audit.
The following indicates the airtime that Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation Channels were telecasted during the year 2012.
National Savings Bank
Activities of the Establishment Branch
It is planned to implement the Programme for the remaining Labor Tribunals using the provisions of the year 2015.
Therefore, in order to attract more business opportunities and to retain the client base Company had to pay commissions.
During the year 2013, 52 test reports related to equipment calibration / performance testing / electrical and electronic testing equipment and systems were provided to the industrial sector.
The audit of financial statements of the Sri Lankan Catering Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 March 2017 comprising the statement of financial position as at 31 March 2017 and the statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and cash flow statement for the year then ended and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information, was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
2. Apportionment of Government Funds between Provinces
Main Projects implemented in 2014
Male – 0
CO 07
Mr. Saman Keerthi
Domestic Expenditure
6.4. SAARC Agreement on Trade in Services (SATIS)
During the year under review, 09 meetings of the Audit and Management Committee were held.
Extent of Lands under replanting
Applicants shall face the exam either in the language medium in which they entered the service or any other official language or in English medium.
In accordance with the State Accounts Circulars issued on the preparation of Appropriation Accounts of years 2015, 2016 and 2017, in addition to the Appropriation Account to be prepared in terms of Financial Regulation 150, a new methodology has been introduced for the preparation of a Statement of Financial Performance, a Statement of Financial Position and a Cash Flow Statement for each accounting year, as per the formats introduced therein.
Roles and Daily Responsibilities:
Asst. General Manager (Regulatory)
The Government Analyst’s Department conducts forensic examinations and issues analytical reports on productions referred to it by the Law Courts, Police, Customs, Excise, Local Government Institutions, Health, Ports, other Government Departments and Statutory Bodies.
Land Reform Commission
01. Full name with Surname:
Registrar General's Department
The same tests were successfully conducted for sports officers and sports coaches this year too.
Irrigable area: 1500 acres
The main objective of the transmission planning process is to formulate a set of transmission developments required to ensure a reliable and stable power system for the planning period concerned and to estimate the investment cost required to implement these transmission development work.
Trade payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
In compliance with Financial Regulations 150, the Annual Appropriation Account for the year 2015 should be prepared and certified by Accounting Officers of all Ministries/ Departments/ District Secretariats stating that information contained in the same is correct and forwarded to the Auditor General on or before 31 March 2016 in conformity with the instructions given below.
Staff information
Awareness of school van drivers
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
My No: HAF/1/02–Mis
15. Nuwara Eliya
Year end Actual
Departments to which the transfer are made subject to prior approval
To initiate action to educate the Magistrates and Judges of the Courts of Law
(b) We will ensure that such mistakes do not occur from this year.
LOSS OF TOES
Providing Eye Lenses to the low income persons
(b) Balance of the Flood Advance Account as at 01.01.2012 was Rs. 130,390.96 and the balance at 31.12.2012 was Rs. 32, 597.48.
No. Training Programme Participants
A Provision for Gratuity
Commissioner/Registrar of Cooperative Development
In this endeavor, I sought the assistance of the International Labor Organization to expand the Social security and security of our working people by fulfilling the objectives of “Mahinda Chinthana Future Vision".
Up-Country People´s Front
Athletics - Running
Long term liabilities
Three different types of fertilizers were used (Calcium nitrate, Albert’s solution, and Ammonium Sulphate) with department recommended fertilizer.
Fuel & Lubricants
Director General - Department of National Budget
21. Davis Cup - Tennis Association
Approved
Kelanitissa Frame V GTT
Table  XXII
Further, a Data Base Network Administrator had been recruited without having obtained the approval of the Department of Management Services and a remuneration amounting to Rs. 889,992 had been paid during the year under review.
Altogether 3500 applications have been received by the three universities for 75 places in the three universities.
The establishment of the visitor center in the park and the main entrance has been completed.
Last Updated on Wednesday, 05 April 2017 06:28
By the end of the year, CEB has entered into 52 Standardized Power Purchase Agreements (SPPA) for an aggregate capacity of 129 MW.
During the year under review, the committee assisted the Board in discharging its duties by reviewing the existence of adequate internal controls and risk management.
Agency Fees and Commission
Granting approval to offer Pooja Deeds
Maintenance of vehicles providing transport facilities supplying appliances to consultative committees.
Number of Beneficiaries
T.P.-011-2865942
Filling up Vacancies In Pradeshiya Sabha - 2015
(h) Public Administrative Circular No. 13/2008 (iv) of 9 February 2011
No action had been taken to recover those balances in 2013 either.
The rest of the work would be completed in 2015.
Double Cab
The necessary equipment has to be provided to produce and show the films to upgrade for higher standards of the films.
Organizational Hierarchy
It was expected to be charged by August 31, 2017.
Granting leave for Graduate Trainees
Uva Province
(b) According to the Section No. 1.2.1 of the Consultancy Services Manual-2007 of the National Procurement Agency, the consultants should be recruited separately for each project.
Further, there were no Ledger Accounts for property, plant & equipment, provision for depreciation, deferred revenue for grant assets and accrued expenses.
3:3 Updating Tower Website
German Government Social Integration and Transformation Facilitation Project
AGM (Transmission)
Research Assistant
This process involves a continuous consultation with the line Ministries, Departments, Statutory Agencies of the Government and the relevant Treasury Departments.
Machinery and equipment
Executive Officers
It is the responsibility of every Chief Accounting Officer/ Accounting Officer to maintain sound accounting system and internal control system with regards to Public Officers' Advance Accounts.
Weke (Dompe)
Activities not Executed
Provision for fine on gratuity
Budget Estimation Allocations
2.2.4 Accounting Deficiencies
Management reviews its estimate of the useful life time of depreciable assets at each reporting date, based on the expected economic utility of the assets.
The billed revenue amounting to Rs.91.8 million during the year under review and the outstanding revenue of Rs.56.8 million of the preceding years, revenue of Rs.91.6 million had been collected.
During the year 2013 under review, the Department was able to pay subsidies for each such cultivation as follows.
Length of the bridge(m): 27.3
The Ministry, in collaboration with the relevant stakeholders, performed the following functions under each mission/scope area of this National Action Plan during the reporting period.
a) The project provided its technical assistance and also shared experience and lessons learnt from previous similar programmes.
Construction of the parapet wall
11. Eheliyagoda
Mallawapitiya Divisional Secretariat
Accordingly, it is hereby informed to make relevant officers aware of the aforesaid period of concession.
In terms of powers vested by Official Languages Act No. 18 of 1991, the exhibition stalls presented by Government and Semi-Government institutions for Deyata Kirula National Exhibition in 2012, 2013 and 2014 were surveyed whether they are in compliance to the Official Languages Policy.
Similarly, sums aggregating Rs. 410,115 had been spent from the year 2009 to the year 2012 for obtaining insurance coverage relating to that machine.
The Economic Development Activities of the District has been coordinated by the District planning office.
(a) The transfer application prepared in accordance with the form C.S./A.T./01 shall be sent along with the recommendation of the Head of the Department.
Computer Software 05 Years
05. As the first step of implementing this process, all the Heads of Institutions should make certain whether their institutions deliver their services legally in compliance with the duties assigned to each institution and should identify the minimum cadre required to maintain the functions of the institution to the optimum by having a proper evaluation on the process required to achieve the goals, objectives, mission and vision of the institution set out accordingly.
Participation of  Atomic Energy Authority (AEA) Officials in Foreign Seminars / Training Programmes / Workshops / Meetings
The balance that continues without being written off
However, the financial statements of the Project had been submitted only on 22 August 2017.
(c) Waste Management
Thebuwana Piyananda Thero
vi. Internal Audit Division
Net value under the net assets and capital in Statement of Financial Position is calculated by deducting the value of Deposit accounts from the value of Advanced Accounts of the Ministry/Department.
NSB- Psychosocial Project
The electric fence erected to prevent the entrance of the wild elephants to the Solid Waste Management Centre had remained inactive for a period about one year.
Breeder and Certified/ Commercial Seed Production
Driver - (Grade III)
Private Health Services Regulatory Commission to prepare all boards displayed in private hospitals (that participated in the programme) are trilingual and make announcements trilingually within a time limit determined and to supervise same.
Ensuring the safety of animal productions
Annex 55
Building and Structures
The proportion of estimated revenue is 51.9% of the total estimated expenditure of the Western Province, in 2016.
In an effort to empower the news agent network and branch office services of ANCL an E-booking module linked to Ad-Pro was introduced to 16 more locations in 2013.
The division assists domestic industries to resolve tariff related issues by co-coordinating with relevant authorities such as the Department of Trade and Investment Policy, Department of Fiscal Policy the Department of Customs and the National Council for Economic Development of the Ministry of Finance and Planning.
Abhimansala Suwa Sewa Nikethana,Anuradhapura
Research and development in the field of housing construction technology
Basic Statistical Data of the District - (2015)
D. G. S. A. - 9
Out of which 21,088 bags had been damaged while 233 bags were misplaced.
Age analysis of Loans/ Advance balances to be paid
Herbal Technology Section has developed a herbal tea and an anti-aging cream from Moringa oleifera.
Table 6: Stamp Duty and Court Fines to be transferred to the Local Authorities for 2016
I hereby certify that the closing balances of the above Advance Accounts and Deposit Accounts were reconciled with the respective lists of individual balances and that reconciliation statements were sent to the Audit in terms of Financial Regulations 506(2).
Samurdhi Development Officers
Transactions in foreign currencies are converted at the foreign exchange control rate ruling at the transaction.
For the successful implementation of the Official Language Policy, it is essential to raise the awareness of public officers on it.
Colombo District
Crop improvement
61.4% are engaged in paddy cultivation.
Proposed Zoo – Piliyandala (Madapatha)
Department of National Planning
Hambanthota District
Amount Allocated from the Capital Expenditure Ledger - Rs. 30 million
Domestic Capital Transfer
Introducing technological equipment and latest technologies for members
B 357
The audit plans and progress of the Co-operative Societies / Federations from 2009 to 2014, which should be audited under the statutory audit activities of the Department, are given below.
At the Audit and Management Committee meeting for the third quarter, the action taken by the Finance Management Division of the District Secretariat was explained.
Signing Loan Agreements
Ministry of Law and Order
Stated Capital
Maintenance of law and order
Financial Progress from 01.01.2014 to 31.31.2014 (234-01-02)
Sectorial Disbursements in 2014
Depreciation Reserves
This Board is to provide advice to the Hon. Minister of Plantation Industries with regard to the matters arising out of the Rubber Replanting Subsidy Act and to advise the Director General on the administration of the Rubber Replanting Subsidy Scheme.
Having identified the balance of Rs. 50,800/-, which was brought forward in the final account of 2011 was incorrect, Journal entry note 31 has been used to credit Rs. 8,800/- of the Festival Advance Account, by having debited the previous year Adjustment Account.
Capital
Seeduwa Vocational Training Institute
Security
These officers are conducting internal audits at the above organizations with special emphasis on system audit.
Bope-poddala
As per the Loan Agreement, the estimated total cost of the Project was Japan Yen 5,359 million equivalent to Rs. 4,785 million and out of that Japan Yen 3,975 million equivalent Rs. 3,549 million was agreed to be provided by the Japan International Cooperation Agency.
Construction of buildings
Mr. Prasad Weerasinghe
Colombo(Kosgama)
The certificates and gifts were awarded for the winners.
Mr. Aravinda de Mel is a Grade One Officer in the Sri Lanka Animal Production and Health Service.
Forecasting and Early Warning
Resolution of complaints received by the 119 emergency call services in 2013 and 2014 assumed a higher proportion of 98% and 99% respectively.
Expenditure (Rs. Cents)
Contract No.:
2. Participatory Maintenance and Water Management Program
20 children with excellent performances had the opportunity of becoming savings account holders of Rs.500/= as special prize with the support of Pan Asia Bank.
An Additional Secretary or an officer in a similar capacity should be nominated to review all the relevant Budget Proposals and to coordinate with the General Treasury and other relevant institutions, and that should be informed to the Budget Department before 10th January 2017.
Interest received
Mr. S.A.M.S. Wijerathna
Launching of the book Hindu Kalai Kalanjiyam (Level 12) and CDs containing Thiruvasaga Poems during the conference.
(b) According to the Annual Action Plan, the sale of 121,000 metric tons of cement, earning an income of Rs. 1,597,200,000 therefrom had been targeted.
b) Defined benefit plans (Gratuity)
These services received 1,450 complaints in 2014 and of these 1,309 complaints have been investigated and redress provided.
This project is to develop a comprehensive web GIS application for Sri Lanka using open source technologies.
Any terms relating to the recovery of charges for delays had not been included in the agreement.
Tertiary Level
In such cases their details will be collected through applications and those details will be forwarded to welfare directorate for approval.
vii. Board Meetings
Activities of Samurshi & Divineguma Department
3. Welfare Project for disabled war heroes
Financing code number
Further, the Council had not taken action to provide the basic needs such as water and electricity to this centre.
12. Porathivu Pattu
And whether the financial statements had been prepared on the basis of the Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards
Only the VAT payable amount is not provided.
Coal
Mr. O. K. K. V. K. Tilakaratne
The UN assistance to Sri Lanka comes mainly in the form of grants, but the foreign financing provided by IFAD is extended through not only grants but also concessionary loans.
Senior Assistant State Attorney
11. Legislation on procurement procedure
Possession and sale of illicitly produced spirits
Annexure
Ministry of Buddhist Affairs - Recurrent
Lebanon
“Search for Common Ground” a Non-Governmental Organisation was entrusted the task of carrying it out.
Land and buildings comprise transmission stations and head officers.
Certificate Award Ceremony - 2015
Mr. C. R. Ranasinghe
5.1. Progress of General Administration Activities
Those people did not have written proofs such as deeds and grants to confirm their title to these lands.
Accordingly, action should be taken to transfer the expenditure recorded in old expenditure heads through a journal entry to the relevant new expenditure heads as per Annexure 02.
Measures were taken to import 20,000 heifers by the year 2020 for local liquid milk production under the project for provision of liquid milk production to the country to be self-sufficient.
I. "The Road to Business" Program
Programs implemented by the Department of Hindu Religious and Cultural Affairs under government policies to build a Virtuous Society
It has also come to light that the residents of these schemes live in danger due to the dilapidated state of buildings.
Investment as at 31.12.2013
Trust as at 31.12.2014
Number of Government Quarters (under Ministry of Home Affairs): 62
Since the establishment of the Asian Development Bank in 1966, it has been awarded US $ 6.18 billion under 171 loan agreements for the development works in Sri Lanka.
This is achieved by organizing the seminars for chemical industry personnel involved in safety-management issues which will indirectly benefit the general public
7. Nuwar Eliya Race Course
Renewal of Driving License
Table 15: Allocation of Allowances to Members and Reimbursement of Staff Salaries of Local Authorities - 2016
L. A. Heenhami
34 Colombo General Hospital Co-operative Thrift & Savings Society Ltd. 10
4. Rakwana
Regional Project Coordination Meeting on Supporting Decision Making for Nuclear Power Planning & Development Phase 2
The development of the new entrance to the garden in the Ja-Ela area has been started in collaboration with the Gampaha Urban Development Program.
The community correction officers attached to the regional offices set up in liaison with the magistrate courts carry out various correction programs.
So actions have been taken to provide the necessary human and physical resources and legal provisions.
Provisions, which have been withheld by the Department of National Budget
And also, the competitive examination to appoint the Chief Management Assistant of Official Language Commission was held for 27 candidates on 05.07.2014.
Ex-Officio Members
SS - CCTV Project 2012/2013 National Water Supply and Drainage Board
Bandula Padmakumara
On or before 20th February, 2018
Acquisition of Furniture and Office
This is a significant increase in the number of research articles published during the year.
(c) To pay the arrears of salary from 01.01.2008 after revising the salary as per “(a)” above
Number of trainees in the Vocational Training Institutes under the Department of Social Services
Where necessary make recommendations to the relevant authorities on the improvement and changes to be made to the Sinhala, Tamil and English languages.
Writ Applications
I. Sales Fair and Exhibition
Department of Probation and Child Care Services
3.15. Legal matters
Credit Rs. Million
Giving due consideration to the provisions in Public Administration Circular No.03/2007 presently in force, action will be taken in future to introduce a suitable incentive scheme to encourage Public Officers to acquire a higher level of proficiency than what is stipulated in this Circular, in the required official language, in addition to the official language in which the relevant officer entered the service.
Progress of the Vocational Guidance and Productivity Division - 2015
2.6 Intangible Assets
According to the above information, only US $ 10.06 million equivalent to Rs 1,280 million had been utilized by the Project at the date of the Loan closing on 31 January 2016, out of the total allocation of US$ 13.30 million equivalent to Rs.1,445.70 million made.
The modality of action was “to provide a forum to realize the three challenges by promoting dialogue, exchanging knowledge and experiences, creating synergy among existing forums and strengthening capacity building in agricultural water management in paddy fields”.
* To produce informative, educational and entertaining programmes while maintaining the highest standards and creativity
All accounting estimates at the date of transition to SLFRSs and as at 31 March 2012 are consistent with the estimates made in accordance with SLAS except the following.
Institutional Administrative Expenses
13 seminars for final exam for Aranery Teachers have been conducted.
Tea expenses
Courts Administration 228-1,2
Ms. Maheshika Madhurangi
Number of Employees as at 31.12.2014
Additional Secretary - Policy Development
Mr. Roshan Jayathilaka
Figures in brackets indicate deductions.
3. Adjustments under actual figures in terms of Financial Regulations 503(1)
Accountant  (111)
Due to the transparency of the competition, the sales volume was slightly less than the target sales volume.
Price Ceiling including all taxes (Rs. Mn. per vehicle)
Comet ISON found in 2012 was a new comer to the solar system from ort cloud where most of the icy objects are found to be lurking around.
Working Director
Our Vision and Our Mission
Administration
National Charter and National Policy on Senior Citizens of Sri Lanka 2006
(h) Whether the financial covenants laid down in the Project Agreements had been complied with.
530 B. Barudelpura
Net Cash from operating activities
Purchasing of 20 grass cutters for lawn maintenance.
(c) From the beginning this asset was shown as an operating lease.
Acting Director’s Review
Short-term borrowings
Visitors' car park
Improving credit quality and enhancing recovery mechanisms
Preparing of all name boards in Sri Lanka Army camps, in trilingual
03.Education, Skills and Economic Development Division
03. Accordingly, Section 22, Chapter XII of the Establishments Code is revised with the inclusion of 2 new Sub Sections as 22:8 and 22:8:1 after Sub Section 22:7 of the Section 22 in the following manner.
Working Capital:
Reconstruction of Northern Railway Line
(b) A sum of Rs. 48,360 remained recoverable from the year 1988 to 2013 relating to the trade stalls of the Rideegama Public Market.
This had been continuously pointed out in the audit reports for the years 2008 to 2011.
My No.: EST-1/RESCH/08/0012
23 October - 12 November
9.5.7 The Commission admires the services rendered to the Department by all above mentioned officers, who were serving in the Department and released to serve in other Departments, institutions and others who left the public service.
Ministerial Procurement Committee
Kubukkan Oya Reservoir
The Authority has constantly applied the accounting practices with those used in the previous year’s figures and phrases have been rearranged wherever necessary to confirm to the current year’s presentation.
Mr.P.M.Jayantha Bandara
Conducting VO2 Max Tests and Related Data
(Note 18)
3.11 Gurugal Oya Reservoir Project
Regional Workshops
Displays Notice board
Action should be taken to recover the outstanding employee loan balance.
Maintenance Expenditure
University of Colombo Institute for Agro-Technology & Rural Sciences
Indeterminate interest
Years
Research Assistant 03
The services of an Engineer was confirmed and the necessary documents for an Officer in the Management Assistants service, one driver and two of the Office Assistants service have been forwarded for confirmation in service.
Public Management Assistant Service and other departmental services equivalent to them
Camaroon
6.	Labourer
Coordinating the Dhamma Sarasavi Diploma Course conducted by the University of Sri Jayewardenepura and conducting the Dhamma School Teachers Examination on 23.05.2015 at Sangamitta Balika Vidyalaya, Galle for 750 teachers.
Income from Interest (NOISH Development Fund)
Separate circular instructions will be issued with regard to the implementation of Budget Proposals 2016.
Restored and improved livelihood, economic infrastructure and administrative and legal services in conflict affected areas
The Survey Training Institute accomplished its target for the year 2014 in accordance with the annual programme, fulfilling its mission by providing  a high quality education and  experience in the field of Surveying and Mapping to students, enabling them to achieve their full academic potential.
National Center for G. E. F. Activities
Copies:
The service is provided under the full supervision of the National Secretariat for Elders and a male or female care giver can be employed depending on the requirement of the client.
Increase in accrued expenditure
Foreign Financial Utilization
Overtime
Guidelines for providing relief to the people affected by the disaster emergencies and those who are evacuated from the residencies due to the risk of disasters and for the rehabilitation of the affected areas.
XIII. Others
(b) Even though the construction works of 35 bridges had been completed as at 31 December 2017 and handed over to the Road Development Authority, the cost aggregating Rs. 4,500 million thereon had remained as the assets of the Project and shown under work – in progress in the financial statements.
Selection of beneficiaries should be done in a proper way before making payments.
C 2383
Organizing visits by tourist groups
Sign Language Interpreter MN 1
All these services have been provided free of charge to the people.
Elpitiya Plantations PLC
The Board of Management of the institute met regularly during the year to review the academic and administrations matters.
Financial Highlights
Matron MN 1
4.3 Revenue Forecast for 2016
Name of the Ministry/Special Spending Units
The authority for administrative matters related to Mediation Boards such as appointment, transfer, dismissal and disciplinary control of mediators is vested with the Mediation Boards Commission.
United Peace Front
Application has been received from Japan for which voluntary return is being considered.
Expected outcome of the Project will not be reached to the stakeholders.
Status report on 31.12.2019 on bank accounts opened in accordance with the instructions of Treasury Operation Circular No. 2015/03 issued on 23/10/2015
Guyana
Private timber transport
A field vehicle was purchased through the Food and Agricultural Organization project.
M.B. Theminimulla
1. Accounting Estimates
Your attention is drawn to Section 11, Chapter XXIV of the Establishments Code.
Although, the thickness of the concrete layer should be 6 inches on the road of Hubulugala Monastery Hermitage at an estimate of Rs.2,000,000 under the provisions of Wayamba Development Ministry –2017, the thickness of the middle of the road had been only 5 inches.
Action should be taken to recover court fines and stamp fees.
E-mail - comol@sltnet.lk
The Project commenced its activities on 28 June 2011 and was scheduled to be completed by 28 June 2014.
(i) Action not taken to recover receivables.
Progress up to December, 2015 - Study on climate change impacts on groundwater
The Galle Fort has been listed as a World Heritage by the UNESCO.
Compilation of relevant Acts in all three languages ​​Sinhala, Tamil, and English in order to assist in transforming the Government policies into legislation.
Libraries
However, if the Treasury observes that provision has not been allocated adequately to a high priority activity, the Treasury will re-arrange the provision within the ceiling in consultation with the Secretary of the line Ministry concerned.
Coordination of work relating to Jaya Sri Maha Bodhi Development Fund
I. It will be compulsory for all officers in Public Service and Provincial Public Service and officers who have been released temporarily to services outside Public Service in the proper manner to subscribe to this Scheme.
14.2 Sundry debtors
Operating Lease Commitments - Group as a lessee
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to express my appreciation for the contributions made by all the stakeholders in making the year 2013, another remarkable milestone in the annals of LAKE HOUSE.
(a) Payment of incidental allowances for travel abroad for the purposes of study, training, discussions and conferences related to expansion of qualifications, knowledge and skills.
Facilitate industries for value-added exports under the TIEP duty-free scheme.
Cost as at 1 st January 2011
Fax number 2887223
Merit award for Creative directing
Social Integration Week programs in 2015 have not been carried out due to the government change and several programs, such as social welfare and education were carried out island-wide.
Annual Estimate
Considering the investments made and experience gained, we are optimistic about the future.
9.2. New Appointments (Staff Grade)
Kalaniya.
It is accepted that sub-lease of leased property should not be done in accordance with Clause 23 of the Agreement.
Necessary steps have been taken to launch a joint programme in future in collaboration with the Ministry of Education.
5. Human Resource Management
Industries and Education;
Expected Goals to be reached in year 2014
Furthermore, it has Writ jurisdiction rights.
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations given to me, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters referred to in paragraph 2.2 of this report, I am of opinion that,
Wushu
Sri Lanka
This scheme will not be compulsory for all Public service for which they should pay a premium of Rs. 300/- per month.
Response and Assistance Network (RANET) Workshop
I. The officer shall obtain the required qualifications by appearing for the relevant language tests during the additional period of 03 months leave on no pay prior to leaving Sri Lanka.
Deputy Provincial Director
Observation
02 Workshop on Resolving legal matters Staff Officers
Fees of the Valuation Department
Livestock Development
Duration
Directing Non-School Going Children to schools
Instead, it is important to enhance the provincial revenue from the devolved sources and utilize them in productive investments.
Allocations available in accounts
Mr. A. S. M. Samarakoon
VII. Number of persons who submitted details of their National Identity Cards
The objective of this programme was to promote the effective service delivery of the public service and to facilitate for effective implementation of Official Language Policy by strengthening public officer’s with the second language proficiency.
02. Para 3 of the said circular is hereby revised as follows;
National Institute of Plantation Management
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
This year (2008)
No. of pending applications brought forward (01.01.2015)
(a) Cost
The Provincial Centres for North Western, Uva and North Central Provinces will be established in 2016.
Mrs. V.S. Bandara
Food and Agriculture Organization
Retirement registration fee
05th May - 02 Days
Maintaining the same position in the year 2014 it has been able to resolve 58% of the reported crimes.
Mrs. L. A. Heenhami
Development of Galathurura Playground
Following observations are made.
9. Wedihiti Awarana Kepakaru (Sponsorship) Scheme
Length of the bridge(m): 49.5
Research projects undertaken during the year in the area of RS and GIS included development of Geospatial Agricultural Information System.
Expenditure on courses, projects, consultancy works and other activities are recognized in the income statement on accrual basis.
As per the Loan Agreement, the estimated total cost of the Project amounted to US$ 360.2 million equivalent to Rs. 56,850 million.
This is the path leading to its establishment as the Department of National Botanic Gardens.
Due to our special request from us, the number of workshops was increased to 03.
12. Nivitigala
Data of 25 topographical field sheets in the scale of 1:10,000 have been entered to the digital data base.
The Chairman's review and financial review include the Company's process review for the financial year and its results.
Balance as on 31st December 2019
As the Appropriation Act 2019 has been prepared to cover the expenses allocated by the Vote on Account, the Vote on Account will be terminated after the passing of the Appropriation Act.
Deed Registration Fees
10. Municipal Commissioner, Colombo Municipal Council
Marking of postal votes was scheduled to be done at the offices of the Certifying Officers on 23 and 24.12.2014, and unmarked postal voting packets were taken to the custody of the Returning Officer and facilities were provided to those who could not to do so to mark them at the offices of the District Returning Officers on 30.12.2014, 03.01.2015 and 06.01.2015.
Freight Charges, Container Rent and Clearing & Forwarding and Other Charges
Obsolete item
As its first step, it was decided to bring the documents used by Private Financial institutions to deal with public for Official Languages Commission.
Ag-tech Degree Programme
Subsequently, 53 acres of productive land was developed in 2011.
BOC- Education Project
Two weeks
During the bilateral talks, the two sides agreed to explore new avenues to foster and strengthen trade and commercial relations for mutual benefit.
05. Balance Sheet - 2011, 13
Maximum limit of debit balances is Rs.
I. To provide facilities for the exchanging of views and ideas on judicial and legal matters among judicial officers.
Annexure - 1 B
4.7. The First Session on Joint Trade Committee Meeting between Kenya & Sri Lanka
From May 2014 to the date of the audit
Air Vice Marshall Mr.H.D Abeywickrema, Deputy Chief of Staff, Sri Lanka Air Force left
Safety
Amount in arrears relevant to year 2019
In addition to the two-year and one-year diploma courses, these courses were also conducted.
Granting approval for by-laws and amendments
My sole objective is to address the economic, social and spiritual needs of the total population living in the rural, suburban and urban areas and provide them with successful solutions for their problems whilst upgrading their living conditions.
Last Updated on Wednesday, 08 March 2017 12:12
In response to their views, the Election Commission was introduced to the Constitution for the first time by the 17th Amendment to the Constitution in 2001.
(II) Paragraph 8.3.8
Dr. Mr. D. N. W. C. B. Dissanayake
Analysis of Operating Results
At present this course has been conducted in the following way so that students can participate on week-days and weekends.
APTA Business Forum was held coinciding with the 45th Session of the APTA Standing Committee.
Ministry of Youth Affairs and Skills Development
The Sri Lanka Law College functions under the Council of Law Studies Act No. 2 of 1990, which was established to manage law education.
Five officers employed in the service of the Sabha had been attached to the Internal Audit Unit and it was observed that the independency of internal audit was not shown as other duties of the Sabha also assigned to these officers.
3.1.3 Summary of the Main Units Functioning under the Department
A wide range of incentives was given during the decade 1960-1970 with heavy protection for domestic industries.
Mr. I.M.Illiyas - Independent
Their report had been submitted for cabinet approval on 24 April 2019.
Type of Assets
18 March - 20 March
So far 12 sermons have been delivered in 14 districts namely Jaffna, Puttalam, Batticaloa, Ratnapura, Matale, Kandy, Amparai, Badulla, Colombo, Nuwara Eliya, Mullaitivu, Kilinochchi, Kalutara and Galle.
UOM/GA(S)/02,
Accordingly, the number of Members of Parliament for No. 8 - Matara Electoral District and No. 10 - Jaffna Electoral District were increased by one and the number of members for No. 19 - Badulla Electoral District and No.20 - Moneragala Electoral District were decreased by one, in the year 2014.
3.9 Staff Administration
Establishment Administration Division
Recommendations - 2016 to H.E. the President
The financial position report as at 31 December 2012 and the comprehensive income statement, statement of changes in equity and cash flow statement for the year then ended and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information of the Auditor Generals' reports on the Financial Statements of the Sri Lanka Cement Corporation for the year ended 31 December 2012 in terms of Section 14(2)(c) of the Finance Act No. 38 of 1971 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the  Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 13(1) of the Finance Act No. 38 of 1971 and Section 29 of the State Industrial Corporations Act, No.49 of 1957.
28 temples in the Puttalam and Kegalle districts have been renovated with the assistance allocated by the District Secretary for the renovation of 30 temples for this year's Deyata Kirula exhibition.
7.7 Approval of Credit Agencies under the Mortgage Act. No. 6 of 1949
Diploma Course for Translators (Part-time/ Full Time)
Thaipongal special Tele Drama
Accordingly, it was identified that rice stocks could be maintained under the following methods by conversion of temperature and humidity generated within the store as conducive for long life rice as per a study conducted by scholars in the relevant field on the methods followed by countries like India, in order to recognize a method to maintain rice for one year without being affected by insect and fungal infections, free of chemicals.
(c) Sustainable Development Goals
Education Sector Development Programme
The fields that they have trained are as follows:
Electronics Engineering (AR I - II Grade)
12. Senior Sound Controller
Last Updated on Wednesday, 08 March 2017 12:03
Name of the Road: Navathkuli-Kerativu-Mannar Road
314 above classes were organized to carry out and Rs. 18,840,000/- allocated for the entire programme.
The proposed Colombo Katunayake Expressway which starts from the New Kelani Bridge and end at the access road to the International Airport; Katunayake (Canada Friendship Road) is 25.8 Km in length.
Weather Report
Electoral District No. 05
Accordingly the Company has considered the Government of Sri Lanka and other entities which are controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by the Government of Sri Lanka (Government related entities) as related parties.
Thiriyapiasa Housing Scheme
Divisional Secretariat - Imaduwa
Skills Development Project (Part B)
3. Nawagampura
Although a sum of Rs. 733,687 for the construction of a new building (Phase II) to store non–decaying garbage in the Solid Waste Management Center and a sum of Rs. 104,796 per 6.39 square meters to install doors using 28mm thick planks under work item No. 01 of the industry had been paid, the thickness of the door and door panels was about 23 mm.
The compensation to be paid shall be determined by Board dealing with the payment of compensation mentioned in Section 08 of this Circular as percentages of the salary of 60 months based on the percentage of loss of earning capacity determined by the Medical Board as per Annex 01 of this Circular.
03 Foundation Institute Dambadeniya 26/27.01.2014 104
Devinuwara
Further, this has provided a great service for waste management of Western Province successfully.
Aiming at increasing the viewership, advertisements were published through these organizations according to a proper plan, throughout the year in Sinhala, Tamil and English languages.
Further, it carries out analytical testing to ensure quality control with the samples being referred to the Department by various government departments and state-sponsored bodies as well as the samples received from the Department of Customs are also tested and analyzed for both quality control and tariff categorization purposes.
Expenditure heading 7: National and regional functions
Towards Management of the Congestion of the Vehicular Traffic
Recovery of Post-risk caused by Climate Changes
Annual cash imprest limit approved by the Treasury
Consolidated Financial Report
* Date or year of purchase
1.4.1 Local Trainings
Senior Deputy Director (Industrial Services)
The programmes on providing schools for the non-schooling children of the families of prisoners, provide vocational training skills, directing those families to self-employment are being implemented well in those regions at present.
Unemployed youth and all apprentices who want to apply for the above training programs can register their data by meeting the Human Resource Development Officers (HRDOs) of the relevant District or Divisional Secretariat.
Major General Wasantha Kumara
Greater Colombo Water & Wastewater Management Improvement Investment Programme – Phase 3
Deutsche Bank
Six other members
National Disaster Relief Services Centre
Accordingly, the broad tariff policy framework prevailing at present consists of five bands.
That reduction has reached a level where it can be said that there is not much harm.
Craft Training
Entertainment & Sundry expenses
Mrs. V. K. Aluthge
6.7 Adopting the Agency Results Framework Approach
Meetings of the Board of Management
Upcoming program for the settlement of accounts for the financial year 2015
A cabinet sub-committee has been appointed
4.2.1.4 Robotics Laboratory
Position at the end of the year
All Island Manufacturing and Services Co-operative Societies.
Name of the Road: Manipay Kaithady Road
634 Pukkulama
Vehicles (2101)
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of the Year Note
Provisions transferred to the Deposit Account with the approval of the Treasury in terms of F.R. 215 (3) (b) and (c) (for each programme)
Audio - visual material
Colombo 07,
Financial Progress of Social Integration Division
Initiatives were taken to come into terms with Mobitel institute to improve Sinhala and Tamil knowledge (level I) through “E-Learning” distance learning method.
Revenue from the United Nations Peacekeeping Mission
Next steps
Jack
Its main functions include setting maintenance policies and procedures, and monitoring plant performance and maintenance work to ensure the operational effectiveness and maximizing the economic life of assets.
However, the production was temporarily reduced due to contaminated soil conditions in the farming fields specially Hambantota and Rathnapura districts with Fusarium oxyphorum cubensis fungal strain well known as "Panama disease".
Accordingly, this Division bears the administration activities of a staff of 215 and 3,697 staff of the judiciary is under the direct control of the Ministry of Justice.
Mr. Chamila Gamage
Statement of Liabilities - (i)
22 Sri Lanka Coconut Producers’ Co-operative Societies Federation Ltd
Financial Assistance for Quran Madrasa
Action will be taken to look into the differences and to rectify the said balances.
The basic value as at 01.01.2011 Rs.
Through the sales counters
The MITFIN System for computerized accounting is fully operational in the region, where the cash book, general ledger, inventory, and job costing estimation being done online.
Formulation and implementation of Sri Lanka’s international trade policy in close collaboration with relevant line ministries/authorities and private sector stakeholders
Annexure V: Financial Status for 55 SOBEs as at 31/12/2014
02. Delivering a speech of around 15 minutes on the importance of celebrating the Republic Day by the Head of the Institution or a representative of him/her paying attention to the followings.
Even though a Corporate Plan for the 05 years from 2011 to 2015 had been prepared, that did not disclose an adequate attention for the achievement of the Mission, Vision and the Objectives included therein.
Divisional Secretariat, Seethawaka
Applications for Search of Extracts
Any person who intends to establish a poultry breeder farm (grand parent and parent) in Sri Lanka has to obtain approval and register with the Department of Animal production and Health as per the Animal Diseases Act No. 59 of 1992.
This salary scale is applicable only to the posts approved for the supra grade.
A Register of Fixed Asset for the Project had not been maintained in proper manner, as required by the Treasury Circular No. 842 dated 19 December 1978.
Other Expenses
Total Equity and Liabilities
The Ministry will take measures in the future to carry out Social Integration Week by introducing new initiatives with a wider people’s participation in order to move this country towards speedy development process nurtured with the values of multi ethnic, multi religion and multi-cultural and a cohesive one nation.
In addition, the appointments of 03 Commissioners of Prison, 05 positions of Special Grade Prison Superintendents, 07 Prison Superintendents, 01 post of Assistant Director (Information Technology) and 15 Assistant Prison Superintendents are planned.
Sri Lanka Handicrafts Board – Laksala
Mattakkuliya
15. Resignation/ New Appointments during the year
Driver (7)
If credible recommendations have been submitted regarding sympathetic situations such as unexpected  calamities/accidents/disasters/illnesses faced by officers after the transfer application has been submitted
As proposed by the National Council for Elders, the National Elders Secretariat has launched this Elder Cover Sponsorship Scheme with a view to assisting the elderly persons over 70 years of age who have been destitute due to poverty.
Efficacy of botanical pesticides against the thrips of chilli and rice leaf folder
Financial Regulation 396
Commencement of duties - Year 2020
05. For the Members of the Three Armed Forces:
Sri Lanka Planning Service
At the Nawagaththegama Divisional Secretariat Auditorium
Arivoli,
The programme is implemented according to a decision taken by the Cabinet Meeting held on 29.08.2013, in line with a recommendation of Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission.
Using membrane filtration technology, pineapple, papaya, and beet root juice can be produced effectively with adequate nutritional value.
In 2014, the Internal Audit Program was successfully launched under a Chief Internal Auditor.
USD 201.6 Mn
Details of Cases served by the Legal Aid Commission
Workshop on Computer Hardware Engineering – 02 days
Civil Pensions - 58%
They supervise projects, heavy maintenance, planning and development, commercial and corporate functions of each division.
DM Road Map
(Consists two Nanthies)
Foreign Financial Agreements for 2014
Approved Budget:
RE - Rural Electrification
Other natural assets
Scientific Officer, Life Sciences Division, Atomic Energy Authority
The secretary shall thereafter notify in writing the person whose names and addresses are disclosed in the appeal that an appeal has been lodged and that the appeal, may be perused at his office during a period of ten working days from the date of notice and shall inform such persons that he will entertain written objections or comments to the appeal during that period.
Mrs. B. A. Menaka P. Abeyrathne
CO 25
3) Recognition of Revenue
Table 2.1 Utilization of Provisions - 2014
Awareness creation programmes have been held and recommendations have been issued from time to time by the Official Languages Commission to prepare Government institutions’ letter heads in compliance with the Official Languages Policy.
Budget Estimates Allocation
March - The arrival of Mr. Yo Kuan Yun, Executive Director of ADB
1. CDB Finance PLC (CDB)
With the end of thirty years old civil war in the country, it became important to restore infrastructure facilities in the Northern area and in particular in the Jaffna peninsula.
Fuel and Lubricants
Welipitiya
(b) The Ministry of Economic Development had spent a sum of Rs. 3,597,117 in the year under review for the Pallekele Farm for the improvement of Poultry Control under the Semi-Domestic Poultry Control Project.
In making those risk assessments, the Auditor considers internal control relevant to the Company’s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
In relation to Administrative Regulations
Floriculture Research and Development Division
To strengthen the credit capital of BOC, Rs.5 billion capital was infused to the Bank by the government.
The Rantharu cultural exchange programme of Udapathttu, Kandy was organized by all the registered Language Association of the area.
Arthur C Clarke Institute for Modern Technologies
(e) The officer in charge of the laboratory of the Nattarampotha Branch had proceeded abroad at the beginning of the year 2010 and that officer had not taken action to handover the inventory goods.
Mr.J.A.Christropher
Description of an unauthorized transaction
Providing Analytical Advisory and Consultancy Service in the fields of Forensic and Food Sciences to Law Courts, Law Enforcement Agencies, and other Institutions.
The statistical and descriptive details of all the activities performed by the Co-operative Employees’ Commission during the year 2014 are presented in this Report.
Coir Division
Fatal Accidents
Fulfilling the needs of the public whilst remaining at the office during the time prescribed by the Secretary
The following steps should be followed.
It was able to successfully complete the preparation works of the above conference and it received appreciation by the members of all countries participated, including the Director General of the Association of Natural Rubber Producing Countries (ANRPC).
Mediation Panel Board
TOM EJC mango cultivation - Kiridi Oya Scheme
Expenditure Summary 2015
Some of the events carried out by the District Secretariat in the year 2015
Election Secretariat
Number of affected families
Sending the application from time to time to the bank was not practicable and the applications received at last to office were retained as those have exceeded the closing date of accepting the applications.
5.2.4 Activities on Social Services
M.K.Wimalaratna
3rd Efficiency Bar Examination of SFAA (District Basis)
Mrs. K. G. Kalyani
Need to complete the activities of the Project during the scheduled period and make use of allocated fund in full.
Information Division
Income Rs.
Accounts System – University of Sri Jayewardenepura, Maintenance agreement has been signed.
However in the year 2014 the provision was increased up to Rs.20 Million.
Sri Lanka has entered the international debt capital market in 2007 with US $. 500 million international sovereign bonds with an interest rate of 8.75 percent and a maturity period of 5 years.
Name of the Donor
Estimated Cost Rs.
The data was used to prepare national level statistics.
Hambanthota
The following observations are made thereon.
Compensation
xvi. To ensure the exercise of powers vested in the Police from various enactments
Designing of a Language Planning Guide Book of Public Institutes
Bangkok - Thailand
Assist promoting the indigenous defense industry and its research and development
Revised Estimate (Rs. Mn.)
Tower Hall Theatre
2. Crop Estimation Survey for Paddy
Regional Industrial Estates Development Program
In addition, initial discussions are on to allocate for 5 development projects worth US $ 180 million, which are due to commence this year.
The study of such new comers provides valuable insights on the origin of the solar system.
Kirindagama - Hambantota
The cultivation of vegetables such as Beetroot, Carrot, Cabbage, Kilo Guava, Water Melon, Gerkin, Pumpkin, Tomato, Papaw and Dragon fruit  largely contribute to the agriculture sector.
Taxes on International Trade
This enabled the identification of issues that may arise in areas when implementing the Official Language Policy.
Cumulative Expenditure up to end of December 2015 (Rs. Million)
The women and girls represent more than half of the total population in Sri Lanka.
As a measure of increasing turnover, it is suggested to review rent agreements on commercial lands given to outside parties by SLPA and also to ensure that those agreements are amended periodically to reflect the market rates.
Roogam Kithul Reservoir
November - Integrated Road Investment Programme - Phase I (US $ 100 million)
Hotels and Restaurants
Important Accounting Ratios
Electoral District No. 02 - Gampaha
This project got underway with the aim of relocating the scattered out various divisions of the Police Headquarters under one roof.
Implement the relevant recommendations of the Officers' Committee Report with regard to language competency of public officers.
Sri Lanka Federation of Co-operative Industries Ltd.
(b) Infor Media (Private) Limited, a fully owned subsidiary, has suspended its operations from the year 2012 with a cumulative loss of Rs. 6,993,757.
Value recovered during the year
Gross profit becoming a loss has been affected for the above reason.
Overstatement of loan fund
Net Cash Flow
Polli popline
(a) Whether the systems and controls were adequate from the point of view of internal control so as to ensure a satisfactory control over Project management and the reliability of books, records, etc. relating to the operations of the Project,
Activities related to management
In progress.
Members' Allowance
Importation of 20,000 dairy cows
Central AC Systems with related motors and power panel in ST-1 & 2 project & ST – 3 project.
Harindra Corea Stadium, Chilaw
The visitor statistics during 2014 is given below.
08 Discissions were conducted by the Advisory Committee relating 12th compilation of Hindu Encyclopedia and printing of rare books.
In addition to this, a new prison complex in Jaffna has been planned to be built instead of the present one therein which is positioned in two leased out houses which accommodate about 400 prisoners who face greatest difficulties.
Masters Degree in Human Resource Management
Government of Bahrain
Following circulars issued by the Surveyor General have been printed and distributed among the departmental staff and sent by post to those in various places in the country.
Ceylon Electricity Board S5 Award Ceremony
Summary of the Revenue Accounts for the Government of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka for the year ended on 31st December 2017
Chairmen of Commissions,
Deputy Director General (Programmes)
Activities held related to pensions
Nil
GOSL
Mrs. A.K. Ratnayake, Deputy Director, Radiation Processing Section, AEA
Other Non-Financial Assets
Mathugama
Workshop on Child Protection Groups
The Legal Commission is the foremost government agency involved in law reform and provides the necessary administrative and research support.
Youth Affairs and Skills Development
4.2.2. The Progress of Social Services Program - Major Events
Mahakanadarawa
Central Province - Health Services
Assistance for Production of Japanese Small and Medium Scale Entrepreneurs under Non-Japanese Grant Assistance - 2014
The progress of the control point set up by the Geodetic Survey Unit established at the Diyatalawa Survey and Mapping Institute and the control point set up by the Geodetic Survey Units established in the Western, North-Western, and Southern Provinces and other surveys are given below.
Mr. Samantha Perera
5.10 Activities of Child Development - 2015
Conservation and issuing of audio - visual material to the research room is done by this division.
Accordingly, the national and provincial handloom textile exhibitions are conducted and a diversified market is created from that by promoting creative handloom textile and related creations among local and foreign buyers.
3. Udupila Delgoda
8. Acting as an administrator of persons without a last will in respect of transfers by the court of law
Expansion of wildlife reserve network
Computer Technology
Less than 1 year
Mrs. L.N. Damayanthi
The Cabinet Sub Committee on Legislation was appointed by the Cabinet on 03-08-2011 under the Chairmanship of the Hon. Susil Premajayantha to study the proposed Constitution and Policy Reports submitted to the Cabinet and to make recommendations to the Cabinet in this regard.
Wahalathanthrige Sisira Kumara
4.2.4 Internal Capacity Building
Transmission Design & Environment
25 years
Ensuring the availability of effective and efficient animal health service for preventing and eradicating animal diseases.
17 Workshop for Assistant Title Investigation Officers & Development Officers to the Southern Province Assistant Title Investigation Officers / Development Officers
Employment of the Top Level Co-operative Societies in 2014
State Minister of Higher Education and Highways
32. Harispattuwa
Technical Assistant
Table 10: Assessed Personal Emoluments of the Provincial Living Cadre - 2016
Previous work place
27. Amparai (Namal Oya)
2.3 Revenue Administration
The balance amount of Rs. 3,164.86 million is expected to be financed by the Government of Sri Lanka.
An experiment was initiated with the use of Leaf Colour Charts (LCC).
Okra
Account Control
There are electromagnetic tapes containing Mr. Jothipala's songs.
Consideration of matters relating to SAARC-Asian Development Banks Regional Economic Integration Study (Phase-II)
Sectorial distribution of utilities in 2014
Civil documentation
Disaster Management Center Head Office
The Ceylon Electricity Board performs both the advisory and engineering functions related to this project.
In order to use such abandoned buildings and buildings of which the constructions have been stopped, for productive purposes, you are kindly requested to submit the details of the buildings and constructions completed as per the format given in Annexure 01 (along with a photograph of the building), before 29.03.2018 to the Comptroller General's Office.
Representatives of the Auditor General's Department, external auditors of the Company and the Ministry of Mass Media & Information join the meetings of the Committee by invitation of its members as observers.
Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation
Participation of Other Officials in Foreign Seminars/Training Programmes/ Workshops/ Meetings - January to December 2013
The Law College conducts a 3-year course of study.
Required provisions will be allocated by the Department of National Budget under a separate recurrent vote.
Mrs. U.L. Nipuni Dananjali
Development of Information Communication system
Trained Staff
This will improve traffic congestion around the existing Kelani Bridge and improve the connectivity between the Colombo-Katunayake Expressway and other Colombo city road networks.
Responsibilities of Management and those charged with governance for the financial statements
2. The Secretary or a Representative of the Minister in charge of the Ministry of Sports
Electoral District
Since 2008, 18 models of vehicles have been assembled by the 7 companies locally, totalling over 7500 vehicles with a Local Value Addition exceeding 30%.
In acquisition process of lands and property for road development projects the Government has given the opportunity to appeal for the appeal committees, LARC and Super LARC for the property acquired before 10.09.2008, if the estimated amount of money is not sufficient for their property.
41. Kalpitiya
Security – contract & suppliers
Likewise, the department was able to provide solutions to the public without putting themselves in difficulty as a result of the shortcomings remain when adhering the old system and the issues encountered in the new system in the year 2013.
Development of physical and human resources required for the maintenance of public security and peace.
Mr. W. A. D. Rajapaksha
Computer Expenses
Project service charges
(i) Failure to account the fixed assets accurately.
No. of Programs
Provision for the year
The Financial Statements are prepared on the historical cost basis and applied consistently with no adjustments being made for inflationary factors affecting the Financial Statements.
The scheduled period given to submit postal voting applications until 30.11.2014, was extended by eight days, until 08.12.2014, which was the last day of accepting nominations.
Collected Revenue
The following facilities are provided by this data system.
Only the National Identity Card or the valid passport shall be accepted to verify the identity of the candidate.
2. KoralaiPattu Central
E-Mail - imprestnlsi@gmail.com
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) - Strengthening Enforcement of the Law, Access to Justice and Social Integration Project (SELAJSI)
More than 900 samples of milk powder were tested from August to December and the work was carried out continuously on the instructions of the government.
Overview
Skills Development Programme
Hindu Dharmachariyar Vina vidai - 2000 Copies
Additional Director (Administration and Finance)
Research on Hindu Religion and Culture
The objective of the “National Unity Convention” was ensuring the belongingness of all ethnic categories and groups, religions and various cultures.
There are 09 cases filed in the Waqf Tribunal against the decisions given by the Waqf Council.
August - The arrival of Mr. Bruce L. Davis, Vice President (Administration and Corporate Management) of ADB for a discussion with Chief Justice of SAARC countries
7. Administrative Expenditure
A sum of Rupees 277 million had to be further recovered as at the end of the year under review with the arrears of the preceding years.
Auditing of accounts of the Ministry, Departments under the Ministry and court-houses
The objectives of the Authority are stated below
Aquarium fish
The Council of Legal Education consists of the Chief Justice (who presides over it), the Hon. Attorney General, two Supreme Court Judges, the Secretary to the Ministry of Justice, the Hon. Solicitor General, two members of the Bar Association of Sri Lanka, and six members appointed by the Minister of Justice.
(c) Short-term Employee Benefit
Wattegama warehouse
North Eastern Power Transmission Development Project - ADB Funded Project (Contract amount was Rs.425 million)
Further, the average overtime duty of these officers per day per officer had exceeded 20 hours.
RAS/5/056
Kaduwela, Maharagama
Yield as at 31.12.2014(%)
2.3.2 Unreconciled Control Accounts
At present, the Rural Development Training and Research Institute operates under four main divisions namely Training, Research, Publication and Planning.
Sevakapattu Tank
Department of Public Enterprises
SPPAs have been signed in respect of another four (04) plants of a total capacity of 31 MW.
(c) Services to be provided: The lessor should bear all routine maintenance costs including expenses on accidental repairs as well as insurance and other related fees
08 years
Divisional Secretariat - Elpitiya
DGM (Transmission Design & Environment)
04. Practical incentive program at school level
Geetha Samanmalie Kumarasinghe
The following Directors have been appointed to the Board of Management for the year 2011.
Craft months
02. Total loss by physical severance of both hands or both feet or one hand and one foot 100%
Banking & Finance
Charges for the year 2019 in relation to the current year
Rs. 150,000.00
D. G. S. A. - 5(i)
After One year but not more than 5 years
The development of welfare facilities and safeguarding the rights of the elderly should be enhanced to improve the living standards of the elders.
Powers of the Authority
Registration Number
Additions
Chairman & Managing Director (Chairman of the Committee)
To discharge functions imposed and mandated to the Commission by the Law Commission Act for the purpose of promoting the reform of the law
Ms. Nalika Gunaratne obtained Bachelor of Science Special Degree (Public Administration) from the University of Sri Jayawardanepura.
Extension of Water Pumping Station
Mathugama, Bulathsinhala, Horana, Agalawatta
Expenditures incurred to replace a component of an item of property, plant and equipment that is accounted for separately, is capitalized with the carrying amount of the component being written off.
Installation and commissioning of a new PLC link between the new Anuradhapura grid substation and Kotmale grid substation to replace a defective PLC link which was beyond repairs
(b) The total expenditure of this project during the year under review was Rs. 3,517,442 whereas any operating activities had not been carried out relating to the project during the months of January, August and September.
16. People’s Micro Finance Limited
As such, compared with the preceding year, the operating result of the year under review had deteriorated by a sum of Rs. 72,983,160 or 2,807 per cent.
4.1. Budgetary Control
Renovation of the plant house
My No:- EST-2/POLCY/03/0798-I
Granted the revolving facility to SPMC to facilitate the continuous supply of pharmaceuticals for the Department of Health services and the private sector.
Mr. Nihal Silva
Cigarettes
Consultancy Assignments
4th floor,
For Public Institutional Officers
Non-regenerative assets
If not, they are classified as non-current liabilities.
KBC Bank, Belgium
Further, the Revenue Account for the year 2014 was prepared by the Department of Public Enterprises.
Government of Japan
Education – With regard to relevant languages’ status or its use; (programmes to create awareness among public and public officers)
(4 days)
02 Defenders 02 02
Accordingly, 09 awareness programs for migrant working families have been conducted this year.
Not obtaining deeds for lands, buildings, and cemeteries which lacked deeds or transfer certificates
Meetings of the Board of Management
The objectives of the Project are to reconstruct 25 bridges with two lanes with pedestrian shoulders in the Western, Sabaragamuwa, Eastern, Southern, North Western, Central and Northern Provinces to meet the increasing demand for the transport of passengers and goods and contribute to the economic and social development of the respective areas by reducing the vehicle operations and road maintenance cost, travel time and accidents.
Postage & Telephone
Themes and special maps
Phone: + 94 (0) 11 2871821-30
10th August
The carrying amounts of the Board’s assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date to determine where there is any indication of impairments.
The commercial printing department has performed well during the year 2013,recording a turnover of Rs. 598 million.
03. Generated Funds
The benefits under “Silver Scheme” and the benefits under “Gold Scheme” are indicated in Annex 01 and 02 respectively.
Further, the Directors have a responsibility to ensure that the company maintains sufficient accounting records to disclose the financial position of the Company with reasonable accuracy.
Employee cost increases and gratuities
Preparation of the registers according to the household numbers was commenced from the register certified in May 1959.
4. Produced a Digital Satellite news Gathering (DSNG) system for the use of satellite linking technology for outside broadcast events and the DSNG is being used for outside Broadcast events since November 2012.
Mr. N.P.A. Wickremaratne - Secretary
S. N. R. De A. Samarasinha
Technology for Human Welfare and Socio-economic  Upliftment
During the meeting of the Joint Commission for Economic Cooperation both sides, exchanged views on bilaterally important Trade Economy and Customs, Banking, Transport and Construction, Power and Energy and Tourism Educational, Health and Cultural related areas.
Accordingly, 11 government institutions belonging to the Wattala Divisional Secretariat and 11 government offices  of the Negombo Divisional Secretariat were inspected  by the Investigative Supervisory Committee  on 21.08. 2014 and on 09.19. 2014 014 respectively.
As a result of a verdict given in the year 2013, Rs. 617,665 from the amount collected under rules of Pradeshiya Sabha were recoveries from the proceeds of the prohibition on property.
This can be described as an alternative method of resolving disputes aimed at facilitating the judicial process, a very valuable program designed to resolve minor disputes from the Courts.
70% of Vehicle Registration Fees
Blood donation Camp -11.06.2015
4.2 Under the Zero Based Budgeting approach, each ministry will be strictly monitored by the General Treasury and imprest will be released based on the performance.
Counterpart Funds
Objective of the project
C 255
The salt department which was started in 1938 was controlled under various Administrative Institutes and from the year 2001, it was named as Mantai Salt Limited.
Total cost of maintaining the Departmental stall was Rs.411,305.66.
Expressways
Mrs. H. P. K. Menike
Government of Spain
Those DS Secretariats are namely Hanguranketa, Walapane, Ayagama, Pelmadulla and Hali-ela.
Training programs conducted by the Institute
No. of Summons Issued
Athletic Meet - 18
Parallel Services
Numeric Table - 18
Aquaculture and Fisheries
Construction of Bakinideniya Road
Institute income showed a significant increase of 31% from Rs. 188.4 Million in 2012 to Rs. 246.8 Million in 2013, while the reimbursement expenses increased by 21.2% from 314.3 Million to 380.8 Million.
Significant variances ranging from 13 per cent to 84 per cent were observed between the budgeted and the actual figures in respect of 07 items of revenue and 03 items of expenditure in the year under review and a sum of Rs. 1,673,571 had been incurred exceeding the budgeted figures for the matter of repairs and maintenance of capital assets and as such the budget had not been made use of as an effective instrument of management control.
Veterinary Surgeon (Hambanthota)
2. Secretary to the Prime Minister
(ii) The remaining balance of Rs. 104,614/- from the amount of the World Health Organization is a current liability.
An overpayment of Rs. 278,375 had been made on 07 categories of goods due to the rejecting of the lowest quotations.
United States of America    21
(9) INVESTMENTS
Boossa
SRI LANKAN TAMIL
After discussion, it was decided to recommend to the Cabinet to refer this matter to the officials in the committee appointed, in pursuance of Cabinet decision CP No. 13/1048/529/006 dated 2013.09.05 on "Committee of Officers appointed to examine and make recommendations on institutional matters applicable to one officer or a limited number of officers only"
The participants were mainly from the government institutions and NGO’s who are working in the water sector of the Badulla region.
XII. The list of names of candidates who handed over nominations (Presidential Election -2015)
Regional Infrastructure Development Levy
Poson Live Telecast- Thanthirimale,
D. G. S. A. 6 (i) - Explanation for variations between Total Net Provision and Actual Capital Expenditure (for each program)
P. O. Box 13, Getambe, Peradeniya
Total equity and liabilities
To make education a success
Object Code & Assets Category
The expected output will be 3500 units tablets and capsules after the completion of the project in 2017.
Economic Service Charge
6.2.2  Special Task Force
1. Development of Arts Institutions
Subsidies were paid to the rubber small holders and the Plantation Companies under this programme.
Phase II of the Energy Diversification Enhancement Project (feasibility of introducing LNG to Sri Lanka) commenced in April 2013 and is scheduled to be completed in May 2014
2. Area office - Hambantota, Matara Consumer Service Center, and Kataragama Circuit Bungalow were awarded third place.
My No: EST - 2 / 05 / POL / 0059
Integrated Garment Associations Forum, which is involved in the development of methods required to build the local image of the industry, work closely with the government and relevant foreign governments on policy matters as well.
Total expenditure for plants
Mr. K. I. D. P. Kularatne  (From 1st March  2013)
The Departmental Units at the Divisional Secretariats numbering 318 have been set up and finalized by now.
The Human Rights Commission has also introduced a Bill in this regard.
Target of new beneficiaries for the year concerned
Haputale No. 01
Office of the Registrar of Pesticides – Peradeniya
In addition, this Board discharges the responsibilities of the government ratified international treaties in force under the United Nations Organization and the SAARC and engages itself in the supervision of the institutions concerned and rendering assistance to connected activities.
3. Promotion of sports education
(b) Budget fluctuation
605 A. Daluwa and 605 B. Nilmalapura
Thebuwana Piyananda Thero
Interest received
Sri Lanka Consumers' Co-operative Society Ltd.
Deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the Chairman of the Board from time to time.
Mr. D. L. Manoj Lasantha
Imprest Balance
Women Development Centers
Racecourse
Process of Registration
Gampaha     10
The rehabilitation works of more than 100 irrigation schemes have been done from 2009 by the end of year 2013.
Sports & Other Programs
In the year 2012, Laksala strengthened the restructuring process placing emphasis on further increasing its turnover and profitability as well as the customer base required for the sustainable existence in the sector and also took measures  to stengthen the necessary tasks to meet the needs and demands.
8.6 Agreements entered into with other countries
8.1.4. The term of office of 9 Urban Councils and 55 Pradeshiya Sabhas together with Kaduwela Municipal Council ended on 01 August 2015 as the period of their term of office came to an end.
3.3 Final Treasury Accounting Statement for the year 2015 shows only the cumulative figures with regard to the Financial Regulations 66 and 69 transfers.
Financing
Opening of Trincomalee-Kinniya Double Circuit Tower
Accordingly, the Budget 2015 targeted the strategies to raise per capita income over USD 4,000 and transforming Sri Lanka to poverty free country by 2016.
Rehabilitation/ Reconstruction of 32 Bridges and one by-pas road.
Stock Verification
It is the responsibility of the District Secretariat and the Divisional Secretariats to collect the revenue due to the Government in the District on time, as the Government Agent.
Land information systems
Property related to the loans obtained, not in the name of the officer or spouse
40. Vanathavillu
Divisional Veterinary Offices - Contact Details
Conducting Shramadana (deforestation, silt removal and other activities)
A sum of Rupees 26,376,186 had remained in arrears for over a year out of the receivable accounts balances amounting to Rupees 147,141,487 as at 31 December 2017.
(b) Code of Financial Regulation of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka
Therefore, the process of finding a solution to this matter is in progress and rents will be recovered soon.
Seminar on World Trade Organization’s (WTO) Trade Facilitation Self – Assessment of Need & Priorities for Sri Lanka was held in March 2014, Colombo.
The non-conformities raised by sectional staff members and the internal auditors were closed successfully correcting them.
Financial Progress (%)
Under-utilized crops
Awareness on Condominium Property Law
Anura Senavirathne Kumburegedara
Thirty five (35) student farmers in the first batch successfully completed their Diploma in Agro-technology and 28 selected student farmers are now following their Higher Diploma leading to the Degree.
Installation and commissioning of two 132 KV SF6 circuit breakers at the Rathmalana grid substation and the replacement of one old pneumatic circuit breaker with a 132 kV SF6 circuit breaker
Over 2050 public and school students participated and were benefitted.
The Ranaviru Sewa Authority also focuses on improving skills and education of Ranaviru children.
01. Economic Census 2013/14
22.1 Investments in Fixed Deposits
Declaration on Upasampanna Bhikkus to be made in terms of Section 41 of the Buddhist Temporalities Act, 1931-31
Mrs. Nadeeka Dharmawardena, a Veterinary Surgeon in the Sri Lanka Veterinary Products and Health Service, holds a Bachelor's Degree in Veterinary Medicine from the University of Peradeniya in 2002 and a Post Graduate Degree in Public Administration from the Kumaraj University of India and a Diploma in Management from the Open University.
Establishment of Offices and official quarters of the Forest Department for the Northern and Eastern Provinces
On or before 29th January 2016
Under the Educational scholarships programme,a monthly payment of Rs.500/= is credited via the Bank of Ceylon as an encouragement to the accounts of children of war heroes in the three services and the police who are dead, missing and retired disabled while engaged in operations, who are studying in GCE O/L and  A/L classes.
Source:   Provincial budget estimates – 2016
At the end of 2014, the state's foreign debt portfolio was US $ 20.2 billion.
Productivity Training
III. Security clearance reports shall be obtained from the Ministry of Defense and Urban Development in respect of officers who submit appeals.
New Year Greeting Cards
Hatton National Bank
At present, the Language Guide books were distributed at awareness programmes done for public institutes.
Category (A)
Mr. H. M. U. Kumara
02. Department/ Institution
(ii) Financial Regulation 177(1) 107,231 Money collecting in the field had not been remitted to the cashier daily or at the earliest possible time.
Printing Costs Payable
2.2.2 Accounting Deficiencies
Akmeemana
(B) Capital (D. G. S. A. 4)
Deciding on procedures to be followed by Co-operative Societies in disciplinary matters related to their employees.
Lot A_1 is the augmentation of Kurunegala Grid Substation.
Attend to COPA
Office supplies stocks
Facilitate the effective and efficient utilization of external resources.
Also, the cumulative loss, which is measured as the difference between the acquisition cost and the present fair value, is reclassified as a share adjustment or a share loss as a result of adjustment.
Common Deposits
Informative booklet was distributed at the DOC exhibition stall to educate the public, students and exporters on the activities and the services provided by the DOC and arranged video conferencing facilities for the benefit of interested businessmen to link up with commercial officers abroad.
Appropriation Account for the year 2014 should be prepared separately in A4 sheets, in Sinhala, Tamil and English languages in the format introduced in the section 4 of this Circular,
55 acres of undergrowth in Kawdulla National Park was removed.
Accordingly, development activities are planned by identifying the national needs and those plans are implemented island-wide by the departments and the institutions belonging to the Ministry.
Ratmalana   01
Year 2018
Phase I - Kottawa to Kaduwela
Anura Sidney Jayarathna
Tables 8 – Amounts of Investment Income in the year 2012
This Institute was initiated is 1979, named the Sports School, and was established as the National Institute of Sports Science by a Special Parliamentary Act in 1996.
Mrs. A.D. Anulawathi joined the Department of Elections on 15.06.1987 and was serving as the Chief Public Management Assistant of the Ratnapura District Elections Office at the time of her retirement on 16.05.2015 and Mr. J.M. Karunaratne assumed his duties at the Department of Elections on 01.12.1989 and was serving as the Chief Public Management Assistant of the Badulla District Elections Office at the time of his retirement on 18.07.2015.
This project could be considered as the first implementation of the sanitary waste landfill system in the country.
Fees
Yapahuwa
The process of land settlement which was either to, carried out by the Government Agents and Special Officers, was later made a subject of the Land Settlement Ordinance No. 20 of 1931, which was introduced to implement a more accurate and legitimate settlement process ironing out the drawbacks and injustice caused to the people in the operation of the Waste Land Ordinance.
01. Hospital and Nursing Home Charges
All their services are appreciated.
Target (Including Stamp Duty & Court Fines)
For formal economic units related to industry sector - ECE-S1
HUMAN RESOURCE MANPOWER AS AT 31.12.2012
4.1 In forecasting revenue estimates, more realistic data has not been used
A Flood and Drought Planning Unit has been set up under the Ministry to prepare investment plans for 10 selected water basins, which will be gradually converted into a Climate Resistance Planning Unit and local staff with a team of experts attached to that unit are expected to prepare plans.
Footwear Production
The procedure is to file a civil case for compensation for the victim without delay in the District Court.
IV. Method for distribution compensation among dependants
The following observations are made in that connection.
The following matters were observed.
United Nations Development Program (UNDP) – Strengthening Enforcement of the Law, Access to Justice and Social Integration Project
Total capital expenditure
1.Paid  for purchasing tools and seeds for the home gardening programme of Nawagampura Ranaviru village.
Energy Planning: E-Learning Regional Training Course for Train the Trainers of Asia Pacific Training Course
55 Mrs. H. G. Sandapiumi, P. M. S. II
Children's Day Programme
Possibility to misuse  funds allocated.
Consultative Meeting to Review the 2014-2018 Country Programme Framework (CPF 2014- 2017) for Sri Lanka
Candidates will be subject to the rules and regulations imposed by the Commissioner General of Examinations regarding the holding of the Written Examination.
3.4.2 Idle / Underutilized Assets
3.7. Rubber Replanting/ New planting Subsidy Scheme
Commence Building Construction:
This new initiative is intended to expedite the processing and disposal of cases of child abuse in less than one year from the date of complaint to the police.
Reconciliation of public officers Advance Account 2014
Retirement benefit obligation
Note (12) - Cost of Sales - Rupees
Mannar Administrative District
Assist the processed food and packaging sectors for the promotion activities under the BIMST-EC concept of Pro food/ Propack.
If a candidate or a political party claims that another candidate or a supporter has made any false statement against him/her/party, the opportunity should be availed of to him/ her/ party to counter the same.
Kitchen utensils
The security of the location need to be strengthened.
February 20 - March 11, 2013
6.2.4 Approved Imprest Accounts and Bank Accounts
The procedures selected depend on the Auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
Decentralized Budget
Action should be taken in accordance with the rules.
Sri Lanka is the first country in South Asia to receive this loan facility.
Issuing Certificates
Source: Special Task Force
Section 2
Assist to develop National Protection Programmes in relation to chemical emergencies.
State emblem had not been stenciled on the motor vehicles owned by the Sabha.
Adhering to the authorized limits; distress loans, bicycle loans, special advances and festival advances amounting to Rs.3,556,270 were given.
Deductions for the Year 2015
Special Skills
As per the request of the Ministry of Health, 11 days residential second language training programmes are conducted by the National Institute of Language Education and Training for internship trainee doctors.
Disbursement in 2014
5.0 SERVICE APPRECIATION
Total cultivated area is 244,840 hectares
Harnessing the potential for Agro-based industries including post-harvest activity, for value addition and enterprise development
The Sabha had taken legal action to recover a sum of Rs. 164,250 that had remained unrecovered over several years with respect to 03 assets given on lease through annual tenders, but that sum remained unrecovered even by 31 December of the year under review.
Sub section 2:3:2 of Chapter XXXII of the Establishments Code
Accordingly, the existing institutional structure, resources, and methods are being further strengthened to achieve the desired objectives of this Ministry, the Police Department under the Ministry, and the Special Task Force, and the following work has been done in this regard in the recent past.
4. Introduction of a Customer Relationship Management System in Western Province South 1 areas to deal with customer inquiries.
A balance of suspense amounting to Rs. 169,855,860 was shown in the current liabilities in the statement of financial position.
Giving priority to the implementation of national level projects to provide drinking water to the problem areas to prevent kidney disease.
Nagoya Higashiyama Zoo, Japan
6.Jaffna
Rs. 87,000/- was allocated for the entire programme and a sum of Rs.11,200/- was spent for this activity this year .
Adarsha Ranaviru gammana Programme
(b) Public Finance Circular No. 438(2) of 13 November 2009 and Financial Regulations 756, 757 and 771
Delay in submitting the primary plans of the Project
Security and law enforcement.
Temporary appointments
Considering the need of increasing network reliability and system efficiency, supervisory control, and data acquisition system was deployed at the Distribution Control Center of Western Province (North).
Mrs. M. P. Anagi
Providing monthly subsidy for the elderly and the disabled
To establish a new mechanism to implement the projects and make the existing mechanism more efficient
All such formats should be duly completed and submitted after certifying as accurate by the Chief Accountant/ Director (Finance)/ Commissioner (Finance) and if there is nothing to be reported in relevant formats, a certified “Nil” report should be submitted.
Internal Auditor
Ruwan
Furthermore, the period of service as well as the difficulties faced by such officers will be taken into consideration, if brought to notice.
Ministry / Department transferred to
Thunthara Bodhiya relegious programme
Vocational Training Programs and Special Projects
11. Marital Status:
Organizing a spiritual development workshop in collaboration with the Prison, Galle and Social Care Center, Four Gravets
As an initiative, 12 key performance indicators were introduced at the 2018 Budget, localizing the Sustainable Development Goals directly required to achieve this.
SAPTA was envisaged primarily as the first step towards the transition to a South Asian Free Trade Area (SAFTA) leading subsequently towards a Customs Union.
(Since 09.08.2011)
10. Koralai Pattu South
The complete overhaul of the plant was done after 100,000  running hours.
Supply of open drinking water
With the aim of contributing to the elder development process, a structure of elders' organisations has been established from the rural level to the national level under the leadership of the National Secretariat for Elders.
3.4 Transactions of Contentious Nature
Less than Rs. 25,000.000
Applications were entertained from 2009 to December 2010 and winners were selected and categorized at various levels out of those applications.
Issuing an admission card to a candidate does not necessarily mean that he or she has satisfied the requirements to sit for this examination.
Three new work supervisors had already been recruited for the Northern Province to strengthen the Community Based Correction Process, while 25 Development Officers and five Office Assistants have been recruited for the Head Office.
(q) Provisions for the audit fees had not been included in the financial statements of the year under review and audit fees of Rupees  99,084 paid for the preceding year had been brought to the accounts as the expenditure of the year under review.
Mr. S. Selvakumar (Supplies Officer) Head Office
In 2012, a series of loans amounting to USD 382.37 million were signed to rehabilitate the 56 km railway line from Palai to Kankesanthurai and to improve the signal and telecommunication facilities of the entire Northern Railway line.
P. Puwanedran
Uncertainties in these estimates relate to technical obsolescence that may change the utility of certain software and IT equipment.
Financial Transaction Levy
It is evident that as the community has accepted mediation to be a mechanism that settles disputes amicably with a convenient and less costly approach, a reference to the mediation of disputes is on the increase.
Date of payment:
Divisional Secretariat - Bope Poddala
2.6.1.Revenue in Year 2014
Although the triple tax relief to industries have been provided with external resources for R&D, it does not have much impact on the desired objectives.
It is expected to complete the construction of the Dummalasooriya substation by May 2014.
The risk that may result in losses due to human error, unsuitable or faulty internal processes, system failures and breaches in internal control, fraud, non-compliance of laws and regulations or external causes such as unforeseen catastrophes is called the operational risk.
School children participated in this competition with special interest.
5th, 6th, 7th of December
Contribute state revenue by renting out excessive number of warehouses and houses in order to utilize them effectively on the basis of the estimates of the Chief Assessor
05th June
Unsettled Sub Imprest
Payment of Premium
Accordingly, the Provincial Social Services Director, who works in relation to the construction of Elderly Parents Home, Meepagama has been inquired and he would take future actions in this regards.
(Only in respect of assets acquired after 01/01/2004.)
(c) Satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year audit report, and
02. Secretary to the Prime Minister
Progress Division
Delayed income
2014 ADB Loan Portfolio
Minimum Limits of Receipts
Asian Youth Athletic-Qatar
Kataragama circuit bungalow building
Display trilingual name boards including the main board of the school using all three languages i.e. Sinhala, Tamil and English in all activities carried out in the school; to conduct trilingual contests and award prizes and certificates to winners; to display a trilingual alphabet within the school and create words and sentences daily, weekly, monthly; and conduct programmes to encourage winners by giving them marks; to organise cultural and conviviality exchange programmes with those friendly schools where education is given in a different language; to use all three languages in National Ceremonies; to assist public around in their language necessities and such other activities.
Madu
The main strategies adopted by the Trade Officers to promote Sri Lanka as a tourist destination are as follows.
Accordingly, I will send the relevant details separately to the Secretaries of the Ministry of Internal & Home Affairs and Provincial Councils and Local Governments and the Ministry of Municipalities and Western Development.
Further 03 employees relating to the primary posts had been deployed in excess.
Commonwealth, War Graves, Pitakanda, Kandy
Restructuring
No: 31/2001 (III) 2005- 28.12.2005
The role of the Attorney General's Department can be summarized as follows.
No. 664 Pallama
Special Awareness
2. Actual figures of the year end (According to the Treasury printout)
It is expected to promote access to education for disadvantaged children by providing facilities towards promoting education.
Submission of the Summary of Accounts for December 2015
4.2 Revenue Collected from Devolved Sources
Colombo, Sri Lanka
Communication
The amount for air tickets and insurance of the officers had been incurred by the institute with whom the agreement had been signed and food, accommodation and the other expenses would be borne by our institution.
Employees' Trust Fund
Administration Fee
04. Assistance and Protection of Victims and Witnesses of Crime Act 04/ 2015
Subsequently the period of the Project had been extended 3 times up to 31 March 2019.
Mr. D.W. Marshal Janatha
Progress of Quazi Board of Appeal Court (2011 – 2015)
The objective of this project was to refurbish and modernize the 2 x 37.5 MW Samanala Power Station towards improving its reliability, efficiency, and generation capacity.
Over 80 government school teachers who are engaged in teaching Hindu religion participated at the seminar conducted from 15.09.2014 to 17.09.2014 in Ratnapura, Galle, Kegalle, Matara, Colombo and Kalutura Districts.
A sum amounting to Rs. 21 million has been incurred as expenditure during the first 09 months of the year.
Restrict of election advertiser offices
The ‘Ne Gam Yama’ and a cultural show were successfully held by the Kurunegala and the Horombawa Language Associations.
Financial Regulation 571(1)(2)(3) 4,413,426  Action had not been taken on deposits older than 02 years.
Best Music Programme
Details of Structures
Issuing injunctions
Rice Research & Development Institute -  Batalagoda
Hiring of facilities at Randenigala Training Centre
The Government has identified the improvement of the national road network as a matter of urgency, considering the pre-requisite of an efficient transport system for economic and commercial development, regional integration, and employment generation.
J. B. A. Shriyani Kanthi
Items included in the financial statements of the Corporation are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates.
(2) Statement of audited accounts of the Bureau for the year 2013 and
After reviewing the working capital position, the management opted for a term loan facility in order to avoid overdue interest on hypothecation loans and maintain an effective working capital position
Approval of the Cabinet of Ministers had not been obtained in respect of the donations and aid amounting to Rs.95,000 granted during the year under review.
Port
Constructed Construction - 70%
Awareness program for the Members of the Armed Forces and the Police
04. Auditor General
Signed by
The Diploma on Translation Studies did not conduct in this year due to the ongoing reviewing process of the syllabus of the Diploma Course.
Textile Centers have also been established at Polgahawela in the North-Western Province, Haragama in the Central Province, and Palamunai (under construction) in the Eastern Province and provincial councils as well as the private sector, have the opportunity to train, uplift the skills, design, and product development including entrepreneurship training.
Public Trustee under the Ordinances No. 11 of 1931 and No. 59 of 1938, Acts No. 44 of 1973 and No. 25 of 1975, Acts No. 41 of 1983 and No. 61 of 1988, as amended by the Public Trustee Ordinance No. 1 of 1922 Established as an independent legal entity and governed by the relevant ordinances, the Institution and its ancillary matters.
The relevant subject officer was strongly advised in this regard and action has been taken to rectify the error.
As such, indicators had not been identified for measuring the Sustainable Development Goals and targets, however, programmes had been implemented in view of poverty alleviation and self-employment opportunities.
Provincial Surveyor General's Office (CP),
Examination for issue of Surveyor General’s Certificate as Authorized Draughtsman - I part (Gazette on April 2014)
The cadre of the Internal Audit Unit of the Corporation comprised a permanent Internal Auditor and 06 other staff.
Ambatale Water Supply System Improvement and Energy Saving Project
11 Mr. A. Anuruddha Deputy Commissioner
The main activities carried out by the committee during the year are as follows.
Provision For Cargo Claims
Minister of Justice, Hon.Dr. Wijeyadasa Rajapaksha, President's Counsel
2014 Estimate (Rs. Mn.)
This bill makes special provisions for matters such as custody of children, maintenance proceedings, and inheritance.
Mr. Prageeth Ratnayake
According to the financial statements presented, the revenue of the Sabha in excess of the recurrent expenditure amounted to Rs.13,457,616‍‍ for the year ended 31 December 2017 as compared with the corresponding revenue in excess of the recurrent expenditure amounting to Rs.21,015,363 for the preceding year.
Apart from the external jobs, the Commercial Printing Division added value to the newspapers of the company.
The Secretary to the Minister in charge of the subject of Justice
Mainstreaming Language Associations  programme identified to develop the productivity and implementation of the language associations.
However this was corrected subsequently.
Preparation of 2011 ledger as instructed by the Accounts Division and categorizing files on a district basis
Raw material
Department of Divineguma Development
Disbursements of loans obtained by State-Owned Enterprises are included.
Rs. 0.785 million was spent to conduct 785 awareness programmes on elder protection for the children attending sunday schools centring 157 Divisional Secretariat Divisions.
3.2. Management Inefficiencies
Ministry of Productivity Promotion
Rs. 350,000.00
7.3 Secretariat of the Labour Tribunals
An extent of 74 square km. of digital data in 1:1,000 scale and an extent of 31 square km. of digital data in 1:5,000 scale have been collected.
Government of Spain and BBVA Bank of Spain
Control Centre-Western Province-North
(Increase / Decrease) in inventories
RAS/2/016
However, no recovery shall be made for contribution in arrears for the period from 01.01.2016 up to the effective date of this circular.
The Government of Korea, through Korean International Cooperation Agency (KOICA) had provided 199 short term training opportunities and 09 long term opportunities.
Bunka Awards,
10, 11 October (Number of Groups - 2)
4. Organizational Structure - Food Department
The scope of the Project had been curtailed and the activities thereon had shown very slow progress.
November 10, 2003
Recorded Rainfall in Batticaloa on 2015 - 1982.2 mm
The budgeted and the actual expenditure of the Sabha with variances for the year under review and the previous year are shown below.
The necessary foundation was laid by ITI for the formation of its Toast Masters Club by enrolling 20 staff members who graduated through speech crafter programme and also are chartered toast Masters
Requests, recommendations, and complaints made to the Secretary, Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs by the secretary of respective Ministry
Not taking the oath of office
In addition to that, the whole coordination regarding the Commonwealth observers was carried out by the relevant organization itself.
Number of retirements
National Heritage
Sir, Razeek Fareed Mawatha,
Appointment of an event manager to organize all the activities required to hold the 2014 Friendly Air Quality International Conference on Air Resource Management and the 8th Asia Regional Environmental Sustainable Transportation Forum in Sri Lanka
Land Acquisition and Boundary Marking
During the year 2014, Special Task Force Officers numbering 14,264 have been equipped with local training.
Nugegoda
M.A- Management Assistant
6. Fulminate Hepatitis
The major objective of the development policy of the Government is to continue the progress achieved by the country, as a nation of the “middle income category” and maintain 7% -8% of annual growth rate.
3.3 Officers who joined in on transfer
02 Commissioner S.L.A.S-I
Kaithadi Elders Home, Jaffna
Even though, in terms of Section 15(2) of Extra-ordinary Gazette No.541/17 of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka dated 20 January 1989, each officer in charge should maintain the registers so as to indicate adequate details in respect of motor vehicles, machinery & tools and materials in the offices and buildings kept in their Department or under their control, and the values had not been mentioned in those registers maintained by the Council.
The functions of this Board are different from those of an ordinary court of law.
New Design Training Program - based on bamboo wood
Changes in monsoon rainfall patterns due to climate change and hence agricultural problems
Number of Schools
This division consists of the Master Control Room, Studios, Transmission, Maintenance, Information & Communication Technology, Power and Air Conditioning and Civil Engineering units which are further divided in to sub units based on their responsibilities.
The Sabha had not taken legal action against the above activities.
But required action had not been taken to repair the vehicle even by 09 March 2018.
In order to guide the Internal Auditors in carrying out special investigations in Ministries and Departments, a draft guideline has been prepared in par with the disciplinary procedures of Establishment Code and it is to be published in the year 2016 after scrutinizing and revising with the involvement of specialists of relevant subject areas.
A Sinhala media workshop was held from 28.07.2014 to 01.08.2014.
Depreciation Ration
(i) Total loss of hearing
Provided project aid to 5 Operations Co-ordination Centres of Language Associations in 2013
Ceylon Workers' Congress
Mr. R. R. K. Nugapitiya
Part II - Habarana to Veyangoda approximately US$ 100 million
“To provide high quality land information products and services through professionally qualified and dedicated personnel.”
This position clearly shows the increase in return.
My No.: EST/6/04/LON/1040
Schedules/Details of Calculations
As a solution to the shortage of additional books that have been a major obstacle for visually impaired students to obtain an Advanced Level education, a set of additional reading books of A/L Sinhala Subject stream printed in Braille offered symbolically for two students, under the Community Empowerment Program to distribute books among hem is also a special feature of the event.
(SLAcS)
Even though, it was approved to develop and to sell the coconut cultivated lands of more than 62 acres for housing properties during the year under review, action had not been taken to study the effects made on the environment within the authoritative area and to minimise the adverse effects on that.
1. Statement of losses and waivers under Financial Regulations 109 during the year
A Procurement Plan in accordance with Guideline 4.2 (c) of the Government Procurement Guidelines had not been prepared and approved.
The resulting gains and losses are accounted for in the Income Statement.
Act & Legislation
The Corporate and Regulatory Relations Branch ensures proper functioning of the Division by staffing, performance appraisal, and the promotion, training, and development of both executive and non-executive grade employees.
Treasury Bill (Bank of Ceylon)
Supporting Staff
Cashew
Taking Policy decision in the implementation of functions of the Department of Wildlife Conservation
Creating 25 network systems such as “Angel network" which is for child protection in our District.
The list of 241 applicants in the Badulla District who had been referred to the Authority for obtaining land was recommended and sent to the Meegahakiula Divisional Secretariat.
National Budget Circular No 02/2018
In transferring money between the accounts, a sum of Rs. 250,000 to be recorded in the employees loan account had been brought to account under a revenue Head, as such a difference which should be rectified amounting to Rs. 250,000 had been shown under current assets.
Cutting the sustained canal 0km to 6km - 85%
Industrial Policy and Development Division
Amendments to the Limited Liability Partnership Law
It is expected that the member countries would conclude the discussions on the same at the 20th Technical Negotiating Committee (TNC) which is to be held during the first half of 2015.
are to be included in the 45th Yen Loan Package of JICA.
The Financial Statement for the year ended 31 December 2017 comprising the Statement of Financial Position as at 31st December 2017 of Lanka Government Information Infrastructure (Private) Ltd and the Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year then ended, Statement of Changes in Equity and Cash Flow Statement and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154 (1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
3. Matugama District Court Garage and Public Toilet System
S.R.M.M. Muhusi
The Company has both defined benefit and defined contribution plans.
The General Treasury provides allocations in the following manner in this regard.
Contract No.: C9
(8.3) Net Book Values
Stock Control
(From 29.08.2011 to 20.10.2011)
IX. Details of the number of voters whose names had to be deleted from the Electoral Register of 2015 due to serving of prison terms under the Bribery Act and for offences committed at elections under the Elections Law and for other reasons
Accounting Deficiency
“Iniya Vasamtham”- Hindu Buddhist integrated programme (from Ministry Allocation)
Graphite export market was activated during the 2007/2008 period with regular traditional buyers called Asbury Graphite Corporation from the United States of America and S. Kato Corporation from Japan.
Guideline Book for Administration of Hindu Temples
Out of that, 77 only had been recommended for the licences while it was observed that 458 trade stalls had carried out the businesses without being obtained the trading licences.
Weight Lifting
Your attention is hereby drawn to Public Administration Circular No. 06/2006(X) dated 26.03.2012 and the salary received at present by the officers as at 01.01.2006, who have been promoted to Grade II-I, Grade II or I of an all island service or a post to which an equivalent salary is paid, should be certified as correct before the revision of the salary as per this Circular.
The Company has its corporate headquarters and printing plants in Colombo and sells mainly in Sri Lanka.
MA Tech Segment - 2
Garden Development Assistant
Department of Buddhist Religious Affairs joined with Department of Hindu Religious and Cultural Affairs in conducting Hindu Buddhist integrated programs with the guidance of the Ministry of Buddhasasana and Religious Affairs.
Coarse Grains
The post of internal auditor (S. L. AC. S. III) had been promoted as the post of internal auditor (S. L. AC. S. I) in order to strengthen the Internal Audit Unit.
These classes were conducted on the dates which Parliament Sessions were taking place.
Bids have been called for the construction of these shops.
Designation of the officer responsible for the account:
Number of Members of Parliament: 06
HTM investments consists of investment in Government Treasury Bills.
Special Loan Scheme for Emergency Climate Disaster
Living Cadre
(2) Provide services and facilities by way of infrastructure necessary for still photographs and videos in relation to marketing.
8.2 LAW COLLEGE
Net Deficiency for the Relevant Period
2.3.1. Animal Collection
In order to improve the living standard of the elders,  development of welfare facilities and safeguarding the rights of the elderly should be done.
ADDITIONAL DIRECTOR, ADMINISTRATION & OPERATION
Mahiyanganaya
This deterioration had been mainly due to the decrease of the income of the Fund by 2.7 percent and the increase of the expenditure by 2.4 percent as compared with the preceding year.
Officials from other relevant Ministries and two private sector representatives as Consultants were included in the Committee.
Program
District Secretary Accounts/ Accounts
Advance account activities should be managed within the limits approved by Parliament and due attention should be paid to periodic reviews in this respect.
Action is being taken at present in cooporation with the Urban Development Authority regarding development works of the premises and the construction of houses and other matters.
DGSA - 9
Under this provision, Police stations have been provided 315 motorcycles of 600cc and another 1,000 motorcycles of 125cc for patrolling duties of the officers attached to divisions including the Police Transport Division and to enable them to speedily reach destinations in emergency situations.
Ayub Khan
Widows and Orphans Pension - 29%
It is mainly due to higher importation of petroleum products and textiles and textile articles.
The judgment was given, empowering the Commission's decision.
Mr. D. D. Mathararachchi
Need to adapt to the circular instructions.
According to the financial statements presented by the General Sir John Kotalawala Defence University, the financial result for the year ended 31 December 2012 amounted to a surplus of Rs. 36,566,608 as compared with the corresponding surplus of Rs. 20,889,023 in the financial results for the preceding year, thus indicating an improvement of Rs. 15,677,585 in the financial results as compared with the preceding year.
The five-year plan is being implemented.
The 41st National  Sports Festival was held at Diyagama Mahinda Rajapaksha Ground in a grand way.
Costa Rica
As per the financial statements of the Project, the proceeds of the Loans received from Lending Agency amounting Rs. 5,311.09 million had been segregated and shown in the financial statements as a Loan of Rs. 1,384.25 million and a Grant of Rs. 3,926.83 million.
First Aid Training Program
Under the theme “Life Long Preparation for Old Age”, a function to commemorate the elders day was held on 01.10.2013. It was held under the distinguished patronage of the Honourable Prime Minister  with the participation of a large number of elders from all over the Island.
Our profound gratitude also goes to the Secretary to our Ministry Dr. Willie Gamage for his ready advice and	guidance, Secretary to the Ministry of Finance & Planning, the officials of the General Treasury, Chairman, Tourism Development Authority, the officials of the Ministry of State Resources and Enterprises	Development and	the	Chairman and members of Strategic Enterprise Management Agency (SEMA).
2.1 Vision, Mission, Objective
Meet the actual requirements and prepare a realistic budget
Providing drinking water facilities to the people in Ruwanwella area in Kegalle district
Beliatta – Hambantota
Examine and issuing reports on the quality of paper
04. Allowances
The Sanitary and Phytosanitary seminar (SPS) provided participants from both the public and private sector an overview of the Sanitary and Phytosanitary Agreement, its implementation, rights and obligations under the Agreement and issues relevant to developing countries like Sri Lanka.
Establish Tourism Development Mega Zones to improve tourist industry.
Buttala, Sewanagala
Submission of Reports
Action had not been taken to transfer the motor car which received by the Council on 03 July 2013 from the office of the Chief Secretary.
The SPS seminar provided participants from both the public and private sector and overview of the SPS Agreement, its implementation, rights and obligations under the Agreement, and issues relevant to developing countries like Sri Lanka with respect to SPS measures.
Seminar on ODA Officers in Asian Countries - China
Divisional Secretariat - Eravur Town
Official Language Proficiency oral tests were held for 2549 candidates from the North Western Province on 15th, 16th, 17th and 29th of November, and for 3821 candidates from the Southern Province on 15th, 16th, 22nd, 23rd, 29th and 30th November 2014.
2014 Actual Exp.
Village
The Department of National Budget has involved in the coordination of activities of Deyata Kirula National Development programme such as organizing pre-discussions, identifying areas to implement the programme, identifying ongoing and new development projects in respective areas and expediting and prioritizing, preparing and submitting Cabinet Memoranda, participating in National Operational Committees and Procurement Committees and all the activities related to fund management.
Legal Officer (1)
In this regard, the Company had paid an amount of Rs. 9,431,607 as commissions to the Agents.
Prohibition of using and selling of Betel, Tobacco, and Arecanut related Products in the Premises of State Institutions
Ministry of Rural Economic shifted to new premises
RED Programme Performance
Two programmes based on  "Women From a Buddhist Perspective" and "Evaluating Gender Equality" were held at the Ministry Auditorium.
Divisional Secretariats, Grama Niladhari Divisions & Villages
4. Setting out of G.P.S. control points for Upper Elahera Canal, North Western Province Canal, Lower Uma Oya multi-purpose project and Nakkala multi-purpose project proposed to be carried out by the Irrigation Department
(D) Colombo East
Nagahakanda Estate in Madurawela
The accounting policies and notes on pages 7 through 34 form an integral part of these Financial Statements.
Office Assistant (I/II/III)
Deputy Mayor
30 women, 15 each representing Kilinochchi and Monaragala Districts  participated in this programme.
No: 31/2001 (I) - 13.12.2002
14 (Fail)
(Engineering)
Reconcilliation Camp - Punthottam
An allocation of Rs. 1,080 million is expected for the year 2016 to implement these development activities.
Mr. E. B. D. P. Jayadewa
Our division, under the allocated vote, was unable to organize any programme other than gathering information
On or before 19th January, 2018
The value of a tractor belonging to the Sabha had not been assessed and brought to account.
Net Provision Rs.
Donations granted during the year (Rs.M)
In 2014, 407 public complaints were submitted to the Investigation Committee.
Note 10-components of cash & cash equivalents
Strategic Cities Development Project - 2018
Training of Officers
Installation of Automated Payment System of Fines
The street lamps amounting to Rs. 476,000 that were purchased in the year under review, had not been included in the equipment account.
New computer centers and Development of existing  computer centers
Secretariat,
II. Singing the National Anthem after hoisting the National Flag.
This resulted to understate the balance of the motor vehicles shown in the financial statements in the year under review as well by Rs. 396 million.
Amount (Rs.)
Emu
Applicant
The Legal Division of the Department was administered by the Legal Consultant of the Ministry.
However, positions remained quite diverse, with some Members proposing that negotiations should move forward from the last established agreed positions, while others proposed considering “new approaches” to avoid the deadlock that had been seen in 2009.
Identify problems in the light engineering industry and maintain a new transformation program in the industry.
It will be tabled in the parliament as soon as possible.
29th May 01 Day
Preparation of monthly and annual accounts of the Ministry and supervision of annual accounts and reports of Institutions under the Ministry
JVA Amendment between Ceylon Electricity Board and National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC)
Capital Market Division is responsible for mobilizing domestic financing from local banks for the implementation of development projects facilitate better accessibility for capital by the State Owned Enterprises (SOE), monitoring domestic debt capital market and better understanding of the international financial markets to facilitate the accessing of the markets by the Sovereign.
Their objective was,
Attachments - 01
5.	Watcher
Activities
Public Administration Circular: 08/2005 (X)
As proposed in the meeting held on expediting the provision of insurance benefits of National Natural Disaster Insurance Scheme during an emergency disaster, held on 24th July 2017 under the Chairmanship of the Secretary, Ministry of National Policies and Economic Affairs, it was decided that instead of sending the assessment reports and all other details related to the assessment of the damage to the National Insurance Trust Fund by the Secretary of the Ministry of Disaster Management, the relevant assessment reports and all other details should be sent to the National Insurance Trust Fund by the District Secretaries.
(b) The following directives given by the Committee on Public Enterprise held at 09 December 2013 had not been followed.
Rehabilitation & development of road network
The project activities include the following main components.
Expediting the restructuring process with the view to increasing the harvest and decreasing the production cost
(a)The advance payment amounting to Rupees 5,516,737 had not been levied from 04 trade stalls in the Hettipola Bus Stand even by 31 December 2017.
Identifying property needed to be redeveloped and presenting the government with appropriate development plans.
Action should be taken to transfer the assets and liabilities of completed Projects to the Road Development Authority and prepare the winding up account.
However, legal representation in courts for women who seek maintenance for themselves and for their children irrespective of their income status.
777 cadastral plan blocks have been converted to the Land Information System in the year 2014 and 145,203 of parcel of lands have been converted.
Board of Management
A sum of Rs.196,000 had been paid as an annual bonus for employees of the said division although it was running at loss continuously.
Grave Crimes
Submission of F.R. 69 applications to the Department of National Budget before issuing the second and final Treasury Accounting Statements
27. Capital Reserves
Dompe Pradeshiya Sabha
Waramanjari
In addition, Mercator Line (Singapore) Limited informed of appointing an Arbitrator on their behalf and requested to appoint an Arbitrator on behalf of the Company in order to institute arbitration proceedings.
5.9 At this election 12,317 ordinary polling stations were established for 12,021 polling districts.
(i) Rates and Taxes
(b)Section 114 of Tax Act No 10 of 2006.
6.2 The service stations/areas which have been identified as popular stations/areas shall be published annually according to the services.
(d) A certain part of assets shown under the fixed assets (furniture & office equipment) is under the control of Divisional Secretariat.
Matters revealed in the regulation and control of all matters relating to public health, public utility services, and public thoroughfares and performing of functions related to the comfort, convenience, and welfare of the people to be performed by the Sabha in terms of Section 3 of the Pradeshiya Sabhas Act, are as follows.
Accordingly, 65,050 meters of uniform material has been purchased in 3 stages and provided to 22,857 Aranery School Students including 10968 male students and 11,889 female students of 13 Districts of Kandy, Matale, Nuwara Eliya, Batticaloa, Kalutura, Jaffna, Mannar, Kilinochchi, Mullaitivu, Badulla, Colombo, Galle and Ratnapura.
2. Eravur Pattu
Jamaica
Achievements 2015
Prepayments
Director (News)
The following observations are made in the audit report of the previous year had been remained unsettle even as at the end of the year under review.
Various development projects within the District are executed by the allocations made from different Line Ministries and Departments under the supervision of the District Secretary.
There are 8 nos. farmer organizations in Ittapana section.
Earnings Highlights and Ratios
These law students are required to complete an apprenticeship of 06 months under a senior lawyer with a minimum of 8 years of experience before applying to the Supreme Court for swearing in as a lawyer.
Directors are required to confirm that financial statements have been prepared.
Chief Secretaries of Provincial Councils
Preliminary action has been taken in relation to acquisition and take-over of 479 lands for Police Stations, Police Posts and Camps for Special Task Force.
Description of Revenue Code
Title of the Program given in Budget Estimates
Prizes and trophies were awarded for the first, second and third places.
Accordingly, State banks, Telecommunication Regulatory Commission and Ceylon Petroleum Corporation accounted for around 37, 21, and 21 percent respectively of the total dividend and levy income of the Treasury for the year.
(Indicate the name of your institution as the subject of the e-mail)
(vii) Development of physical and human resources required for the maintenance of public security and order.
Religious Programme
Excess of normal activities (arrears)
A Judge of the Court of Appeal appointed by the President of the Court of Appeal
17. Weligepola
02 TV Antenna Design
Collection corresponding to the amount in arrears up to 31.12.2017
(d) Budgetary Control
The Chairman had informed that the Attorney General had given advice stating that it was not necessary to implement the circular relating to staff and the Board of Trustees had taken action according to their discretion under Item 4 of the Deed of Trust.
Aruppola,
Development Division 3
03. The terms and conditions of the circulars mentioned in Para. 01 above, which are applicable in this regard shall further remain unchanged.
Office of the Medical Officer of Health - Elpitiya
The Scheme of Recruitments and Promotions (SOR) of the Company had not been approved by the Ministry concerned with the concurrence of the General Treasury.
Categorization of computer centers provincial wise
DISASTER MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
Mission of the Ministry
6.4 Legal Aid Commission (LAC)
1st place of this programme was obtained by the Thatchanamaruthamadhu Ilansudar Children’s Club of Madhu Division, 2nd place was obtained by the Senthalir Club, Moontraampiddy of Manthai West Division and the 3rd place was given to St. Antony’s Children’s Club, Chundikkuly of Nanattan Division.
Chief Management Assistant
Under the patronage of Hon. T. B. Ekanayake, Minister of Culture and the Arts
Alignment of SDGs in the Budget 2019
05. Construction of Court Building at Galagedara
Project number/ name, personal salary and other charges for all projects
Nature of Program and Handicraft Field
(j) Whether the satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year audit report, and
Out of this, Rs. 175.7 million for Project 1 and  Rs. 944.6 million for Project 2 have been allocated.
(b) We will take steps to remove these items from the wholesale account stored at the Puttalam Cement Factory this year.
Out of that amount, The total disbursements in 2014 was USD 533.5 million.
13th October - 03rd November
03. DETAILS OF THE PROJECT PROPOSALS:
3.2 In order to contribute for Silver Scheme or Gold Scheme, the officers, who have already contributed for the General Insurance Scheme of Agrahara, shall submit their consent in accordance with Annex 03 attached herewith to the National Insurance Trust Fund along with the recommendation of the Head of the Department.
Supply Network
Indoor Air Quality
Diploma in Psychology - University of Kelaniya
10. Heads of the respective Institutions shall approve duty leave for the officers who posses the admission cards issued by the Director of Sri Lanka Institute of Development Administration enabling them to sit the examination.
Fax: 011 – 2186109
Ms. J Chandima Weligamage, Member Board of Governors
Project Name/ RDA Division: 68/1 Nawatkuli Karathive Jaffna Road
He has also followed a Certificate Course in Livestock - Genetic Protection and Extension Services from Obihiro University, Japan, and the Ministry of Economics under the Ministry of Primary Industries, Agricultural Production and Rural Economy Development from Jijang University, China, Certificate in Livestock Development and Food Security from the University of Seoul, South Korea.
Furthermore, the contractor had agreed to supply the steel super structure material for of 70 bridges, however, material had been supplied for only 65 bridges, as at 31st December 2015.
For the Public, 150-hour course through the Language Societies
According to the Financial Regulation No. 757, follow up action had not been taken in relation to the recommendation of Annual Board of Survey of 97 schools in Valikamam Zonal Education Office in year under review and preceding year.
The service charge received in the year 2011 for carrying out capital projects has mainly contributed to the increase in the service charge income.
Repairing the main building, Repairing the hostel B - Amunukumbura
However, no disclosure had been made in the notes to the financial statements.
2.5 Irrigation Productivity Enhancement
Mr. M. M. Abeyrathne
Additional General Manager  (Transmission)
(b) Land Reform Commission
The Sabha had not prepared a Procurement Plan in terms of Guideline 4.2.1 of the Procurement Guidelines.
According to the 2015 Action Plan, it was planned to spend 10% in the first quarter, 50% in the 2nd quarter, 80% in the 3rd quarter and 100% in the 4th quarter.
“Active service for a period of one year or more after 01.07.2007 at a public institution in a Divisional Secretary’s Division where the majority of the population use the official language other the language in which the officer entered the public service, as indicated at Annex 02 which should only be used in relation to the circumstance stated in this Circular is an alternative qualification to passing the oral test.”
Issue of licenses for felling and transport of timber
Expenditure
1.3. Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements
Website: www.doc.gov.lk
Number of Essays
Programs on Children’s Activities - 02
Uniforms for the year were purchased.
A model of sharing revenue generated through projects was established by ITI when sharing facilities and equipment of ITI with the private sector and those would be used on most of such partnerships in the future.
Running expenses of motor vehicles
Distribution Divisions
Awareness on maintenance and repairs of common elements.
Mr. Jayantha Pinchihewa
2. Collection of Information regarding Food Security
Most Rev. Balayogi Swamy, President of Thirumurugan Thiruvakku Thirupeedam, Malaysia participated as Chief Guest and Hon. M.K.P.Dissanayake, Secretary, Ministry of Buddhasasana and Religious Affairs participated was the Guest of Honour at this occasion.
Charge for the Year
Mr. Chaminda K. Udakumbura - Assistant Director (Administration)
Colombo - Katunayake Expressway
Providing Computers for Main Office and Regional Offices
Iniya Wasandami program held in Polonnaruwa
Mr.M.P.D.Nimal Suraweera
Home Affairs Circular No.: 03/2016
Tomato
Defined benefit plans define an amount of pension benefit that an employee will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as age, years of service and compensation.
Greater Kurunegala Water Supply & Sewerage Project
Publicity and Media unit
3.3.1. This Act was passed in Parliament on 21st of June 2013 to enable internally displaced persons and their eligible children to vote, to exercise franchise in the electoral district in which their permanent residences were situated prior to being internally displaced as a result of terrorist activities or actions of militant or other groups in the recent past.
No. of families receiving distributed plants
This will also expect to improve the accessibility to Colombo Port and Expressway Network.
Moreover, it was also emphasized the importance of putting into practice the views set out in the interim report of the Special Parliamentary Committee to look into the matters relating to the rapidly increasing vehicle accidents as pointed out in the Parliamentary Series of Publications No.351.
Successful completion of the Deyata Kirula National Development Exhibition held in Wayamba University Kurunegala.
Divisional Secretariat Ambagamuwa
My comments and observations, which I consider should be published with the Annual Report of the Ceylon Electricity Board in terms of Section 14(2) (c) of the Finance Act, appear in this report.
(b) Appropriate documentation and files with regard to loan applications received for sub-projects, project proposals with appraisal reports, loan approval forms, quarterly progress reports, etc. had not been maintained by the PMU.
Hire of facilities (Theatre / Audio)
At the time of the functioning of the Department of Elections, Political Parties and the general public expressed their views in the 1980s and 1990s about the need of an Election Commission to ensure the holding of free and fair elections.
Investigating the complaints received with regard to violation of the Official Languages Policy
Actions should be taken to collect the arrears of revenue.
Tax payers avoid paying arrears, saying they are unable to open shops because of pigeon droppings.
Notes 08
Project on Re-cultivation of Abandoned Paddy Fields at Mathugama
Strategic initiatives
Number of Sealed Surveys of the Survey Equipment Manufacturers
Number of Vacancies as at date 31.12.2014
2. Awarding of Ranaviru Uttama Puja medals
Fuel deposit
Trade and economic relations with the United States of America, the European Union, China, India, Pakistan, Japan, Vietnam, Russia and former Soviet Union countries, and in the African and Middle East Region have become key in this respect.
Through these measures, it is expected to create an environment which will lead to utilize the allocated funds to provinces in an optimal manner, thus enabling the public to fulfill their aspirations.
President of Horton Plains Friends Association Mr. Chaminda Senanayake delivered the vote of thanks, and thereby the first session of the 2013 International Mountain Day Celebration concluded.
Explanations for variations should be concise and justified with reasonable facts and further, the reasons should be in compliance with replies already given for Audit Queries, if any.
04 separate preliminary programs were implemented with the funds being channeled by the US AID program.
Priority Roads Project 1 (PRP1): China Development Bank (CDB) Government of Sri Lanka
Currently, this program is conducted as a part of this project.
TEC: Rs. 2900 million
We as a responsible company have been able to evaluate many types of risks and incorporate the results into decisions regarding investment and operations as well as into the systems used to monitor and evaluate the actions taken.
Existing Cadre
General Deposits/ Imprest/Treasury Miscellaneous
14. Number of children:
Ambagamuwa Korale
Mr. P.H.A.S.Wijayarathne
The Project overall physical progress is 45%.
(C) A list of property owned by the aforesaid debtors has been obtained by the court and steps will be taken to expedite the transaction as soon as the financial situation improves as further financial work will be required to complete the project.
Mr. A.R.M. Nizam
2.3.2. New Births
The above Memorandum was considered by the Cabinet with the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning and the Minister of Mass Media and Information and here,
5.3.5. Processes on land use and planning development
Mgmt.Dev - Management and Development
8.7 Introduction of New Uniforms for Officers
Further, the aircraft had utilized only 169 hours from February 2019 to June 2019.
Directors' Report
Commencement of the operation of the Condition Monitoring Unit
ii. At the time of issuing the Elders Identity Cards, an amount of Rs. 25 is given for two stamp size photos.
02. 21/2015 17.08.2015 Revision of Section 13 of Chapter XXIV of the Establishments Code
Therefore, it is important to enforce the existing rules and regulations and manage the provincial cadre on a rational basis to avoid difficulties.
The audit of financial statements of the Water Sector Development Project II for the year ended 31 December 2015 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154 (1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with the Loan Agreement No.SL-P 93 dated 29 July 2008 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the Japan International Cooperation Agency along with the Section 4.3 of Article IV of the Subsidiary Loan Agreement No. SL-P 93 dated 16 December 2010 entered into between the National Water Supply and Drainage Board and the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
There are 04 resource contributors.
(g) Whether the financial statements had been prepared on the basis of Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards,
Bankers
Appropriation Account - 2012
2. Social
SL Tourism Promotion Bureau
Net Cash Flow from Investing Activities
The Cabinet Sub Committee on Legislation was appointed by the Cabinet in 2015 under the Chairmanship of the Hon. Minister of Justice to study and make recommendations to the Cabinet of Ministers on proposed legislation and policy papers that are submitted to the Cabinet of Ministers.
Chairman - Senior Staff Officer
Lab Attendant (Special Grade)
Out of that notices had been issued for 62 plots of land under the Section 17 of the Land Acquisition and Resettlement Act.
Total Number of Vacancy
A research paper titled ”A remote sensing and Geographic Information Systems approach for analysis of urban green spaces for development planning in Colombo, Sri Lanka” was published by Elsevier B.V.  Publication, Urban Forestry, and Urban Greening, Volume 12, Third Edition.
A team of 5 expert Professors with special knowledge and understanding on linguistics evaluated the data.
Since, the determination of imprest limits for releasing funds to your Ministry/ Department is vital, please give your priority in this regard.
Profit on Total Assets (%)
School Principals
Let us work through good governance.
Public Records Management and Conservation Training Workshop
The matters revealed on the execution of activities by the Sabha in respect of regularizing and control over the matters such as public health, public utility services and public roads and comfort facility and welfare of the people under Section 3 of the Pradeshiya Sabha Act are given below.
This is the story of the contributions that the Government provided to sustain the country’s local textile industry and the workers’ efforts in every valuable task.
This includes the proposed strategies to achieve balanced regional development in the country and the apportionment of funds to be allocated from the Annual Budget - 2016 for use in the provinces.
Public Officers’ Advance Account – 2014
2.6 Fund Management
17. Number of the Appointment letter:
Actions had not been taken to collect all revenue and other charges receivable to the Sabha during the due period.
Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out method.
82, Sampathpaya,
Kaththankudi Urban Council
1. Opinion
The Corporation had extended the letter of credit twice at their request as the Company had failed to supply the required clinker as per the agreement.
3.6. New approaches
3. Financial and Physical Performance
Amount agreed for financing in the Loan Agreement
Organization
Total number of Accreditation Certificates obtained as at 31.12.2014 - 1472
This scheme commenced in 2005 in collaboration with the National Savings Bank and this covers the Ranaviru children who receive education in year 6 to the GCE (O/L)
Mr. P. G. Prasanna Sena Kumara
Conservation of threatened species
2019 Budget - Authorization of Expenditure
DGM (Southern Province)
Non-operational income
Key Management personnel Compensation
Accountant, Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Archives/ Inventory
Switzerland
Commonwealth Secretariat
Supporting evidence in the form of direct confirmation was not available to verify the accuracy of the Administration Fee Debtors as follows.
Percentage of Increasement
The distribution loss which was at 10.67% in the year 2012 was brought down to 9.8% by 2013.
Consumer Growth
Trade Marks
A. R. K. Kanthi Attapattu
The decision taken by the management of CSCL during the period under review  to re-arrange the coal transport contract, which was effective from the year 2010 in order to obtain more economical benefits  has been noteworthy and contributed to exceptional  increase of the turnover and the quantum of profit.
A difference of Rs. 400,651 was observed between the Register of JCB debtors and the schedule presented with the financial statements.
The investigation into the interdiction of the Internal Auditor
Number of commissions received from courts - 574
Naththandiya Pradeshiya Sabha
Buddha Sasana and Religious Affairs
Acting as head of executing divisional administrative affairs in collaboration with 19 Divisional Secretaries of the district
(b) the funds provided had been utilized for the purposes for which they were provided,
15% of Spillway and 10% of sluice constructions have been completed and canal Track finalized.
Imprest balance as at 31st December 2019
Director General - Department of State Accounts
(iv) In respect of projects, requests for procurement of vehicles should be decided by a committee chaired by the Secretary of the line ministry after scrutinizing the requirements against specific number of vehicles which may have been permitted to be procured as per the Agreement
1.2. Estimated provisions and actual expenditure from 2014.01.01 to 2014.12.31
By transfers
The aim of this Unit is to winning all nominations in the documentary category in all future Award Ceremonies too.
The work of this unit emphasizes the filing of fundamental rights applications in the Supreme Court relating to the violations of the fundamental rights of citizens by State Officials.
Abeysinghe Arachchilage Wijethunga
(F) Panduwasnuwara
Fifteen programmes had been implemented.
(d) Section 8.5 - The accounting policy applied for the provision of bad and doubtful debts had not been disclosed in the Financial Statements.
2. Financial Statements
The overall progress of the construction works of the Highway had remained at 43.13 per cent as at 31 December 2017 against the targeted progress of 53.99 per cent as at that date, due to poor planning and inadequate resources deployed by the contractor.
Psychosocial Programme
3.11.2 Financial liabilities
27 packages already completed the repairs.
Around 1000 police officers including high ranking officers of 78 police stations in Rathnapura, Kegalle, Nuwara-Eliya and Badulla districts have participated in these progarmmes.
The responsibility of preparing the final accounts of this Ministry lies with the Secretary and Chief Accountant of the Ministry of Law and Order and Southern Development to which the subject has been assigned.
Field of Training Courses / Seminars / Workshops / Meetings
Majority of these prototypes are being introduced and encourage craftsmen to commence production through the development programs conducted by the Institute and craft training programs conducted in collaboration with provincial councils, export development board, the national craft council and other government and non-governmental organizations.
50 meters Swimming Pool with 08 lanes
File Size: 65.5 Kb
Assistant Director of Planning
Samayal Gallery -
03. Operating Review
Kekulu account
I. Special Awareness
National Ranaviru Day function was successfully held at the Ranaviru monument at the Parliamentary sports ground with the participation of H.E. the President and the Secretary of Defence.
2012 Anniversary programme,
Ministry of Public Administration & Home Affairs,
01. Members of the Armed services with at least 12 year service record (5 more year service period needed)
National Gem & Jewellery Authority
Therefore, even if every citizen has the franchise, which is under the sovereignty of the people, it could only be exercised if the voter’s name is entered in the electoral register.
Total (2010-2014)
Entomologist, Anti Malaria Campaign, Post Box 1472, 555 - 5, Elvitigala Mawatha, Colombo 05
The Institute has won the World Education Summit Awards for Best Innovation in Open and Distance Learning was awarded to this institute.
All Divisional Secretaries,
Mrs.Prema Kumari Ehelepola
The above functions assigned to this Ministry are implemented under 04 centralized divisions.
Position/ Service Level
In October 1997, the Corporation commenced concrete production at Urumpirai.
Northern Road Connectivity Project:
Monaragala - Buttala Water Supply Scheme Implementation Project
Business Committee Meeting - Mahakanadarawa Scheme
Waragoda
Recording statements in accordance with court orders and court decisions
As the Data Collection will commence as soon as the amendments to the Registration of Persons Act are approved by the Parliament, arrangements have been made to select a supplier for data electrification and award the contract to commence the data electrification.
It was informed that those prices had been evaluated on 29 December 2016, but, the prices of the supplier had been received on 30 December 2016.
Abdul Saththar Mohammed Hidayath
Management affairs were carried out in compliance with ISO 9001 - 2008 and ISO 17025 - 2005 systems with the cooperation of the officers of several divisions while internal audit was carried out with the full participation of audit chiefs, auditors, and observers.
3 World Science Day
25. Construction of Archives and Case Room at  Nikaweratiya Magistrate Court
Reduced Depreciating Provisions
Dry chilli yield was significantly higher in calcium nitrate applied plots.
Also the shifting of the prisons at Tangalle to Agunakolapelessa is being carried out at present.
19. Driver
Sentencing Policy on Statutory Rape
Employees' Trust Fund
Ambepussa
Wadamarachchi South West Pradeshiya Sabha
Kekirawa No. 01
The following overstatements and understatements were observed between the amounts shown in the financial statements and the calculation made by the audit, based on the information furnished.
Assistant Director,
Contracts for civil works & construction supervision have been awarded and being in mobilization
Accordingly, The Commissioner of Elections published the Notice under the Section 2 of the Presidential Elections Act, in the extraordinary Gazette No. 1889/31 dated 21.11.2014 and by this notice, it was ordered to accept nominations on 08.12.2014 and to conduct the election on 08.01.2015.
Power and Energy 3%
15 printing machines of cards and Rs.1.25 million plastic cards have been purchased.
Appropriation Account Programmes 2014
Cooking program
Corn
There were 128 invitees participated among which 40 participants were the Secretaries to the Ministries.
Lanka Government Information Infrastructure (Private) Ltd - 2016
Mihin Lanka Ltd
Effective use and calculation of annual allocations made to the District with proper approval
Sri Lankan and Japan experience sharing work Program on participatory management
Category 3
Sewing clothes
Mauritius
11kV Underground  Cables
Educating Drivers
Initial balance as at 01.01.2014
(b) Public Administration Circular No. 9/2009 of 16 April 2009 and the Sri Lanka Customs Circular No. 01/2010 of 19 February 2010
Rs. 3,284
Mrs. Y. M. Samarasinghe
Amendments to the Prevention on Terrorism Act
Amortization of foreign aid
Employment Societies Program
MLKR - Million Sri Lankan Rupees
Disbursements for Priority Road Project - 2 and Puttalam Coal Power Phase II were USD 113.5 million and USD 51 million respectively.
About 31,500 acres depends on the lake for water.
Mr. Lesli Kumara/ Mr. A. Karannagoda
Mr. T.A.K.Y. Induni
Accrual  Security Service Expenses
Note 02
Under the directive of His Excellency President Mahinda Rajapaksha, Laksala was brought under the supervision of the Strategic Enterprise and Management Agency (SEMA) in 2009 and the restructuring process has also been underway from 2011.
Ministry / Department / No. Agency
In addition the following activities were also under took in Ranaviru Villages
Attorney at Law Sujeewa Senasinghe
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below.
No: 31/2001(IV) 2007 - 03.08.2007
Program: Divisional Development Program 2014
(a) In terms of Action Plan for the year 2012, two sums of Rs. 270,000 and Rs. 100,000 respectively had been provided for 3 staff training programs and for purchase of magazines, however, those programs had not been implemented.
Mr. Lal Wijenayake
Programs and Services of Wildlife Trust
Blackpool No. 02
Preparation of conservation pulp
Senior Lecturer and Head of Department of Electrical Engineering, Department of Electrical Engineering, University of Moratuwa, Katubedda, Moratuwa
Arrears for the previous year
I request the Heads of Divisions to make the necessary arrangements for the payment of salary advances subject to the above conditions.
i. Of the account balance of Rupees 55,750,084 payable as at 31 December 2017, age analysis had not been furnished for Rupees 51,668,018.
Sri Lanka is also prone to hazards such as landslides, lightning strikes, coastal erosion, epidemics and effects of environmental pollution.
To conserve the biological resources, through protection, study, sustainable use and sharing the benefit for the wellbeing of present and future generations
At the beginning of the year
Transfer in
Balances to be settled to the Provincial Councils (Annexure 3.10)
Construction of Spillway – 8%
1.3.6 Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
Balance as at 31 March 2013
Mrs. A. W. Magilin Rodrigo
The construction of the bridge of the access road from Chandrika Kumaranatunga Mawatha to the site was completed acquiring additional land.
4. Three wheal loan
Mr. Sumith Kumara
Food and uniforms
US$ million
Under SLAS, the Company has determined retirement benefits obligation without considering final monthly salary drawn by an employee and salary increment rate.
Accordingly, a number of major projects were implemented under the auspices of the Ministry under the Expenditure of the Sri Lanka Police and the Special Task Force to meet the development objectives of each institution and to assist in achieving the primary objectives.
Third Quarter
4. April
(I) Cash Balance as at 31.12.2014, which was researched but not seen in Treasury books
By order of the Board of Directors
(b) A sum of Rs. 317,140 had been incurred in the year under review for the repairs of 13 items of the Bob cat machines belonging to the Sabha without the recommendation of the Mechanical Engineer.
The department carries out the following projects and programmes for the sustainment upliftment and promotion of Buddha Sasana.
Subsequently, the period of the Project had been extended up to 23 January 2018.
Property, Plant & Equipment
Second quarter Total
Annual product surveys will be carried out from 2019/20 onwards.
Administration and maintenance of Irrigation schemes
ranaviru suwada
Application of gliricidia mulch at the rate of 5t/ha and compost at the rate of 10t/ha showed a positive impact on chilli over the three consecutive seasons in the same site.
Financial Progress from 01/01/2014 to 31/12/2014 (228-01-01)
Testing & Implementation.
These are led by a Coordinator.
During the official meetings of the Trade and Investment Agreement Framework, the Trade and Investment Agreement Framework process encouraged public and private sector negotiations and facilitated private-public partnerships, business opportunities and investment forums.
1st Quarter     2,426,763.99 2,664,457 29
No. of completed cases
Special Advance to Public Officers - Year 2020
Guru Poojas for 90 Hindu Saints have been conducted in 16 Districts namely Jaffna, Galle, Ratnapura, Colombo, Badulla, Nuwara Eliya, Mullaitivu, Kandy, Trincomalee, Mannar, Ampara, Batticaloa, Matale, Gampaha, Puttalam and Polonnaruwa
Signed: R. H. S. Samaratunga
A. C. A. - 2 (i)
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
From work in process
Autism
Thus, there are several issues that will be the focus of the 2014 Work Program.
To alleviate the task of decision making on designing, executing and evaluating of fiscal policies and use Information Technology and Communication as well as providing information resources while coordinating and facilitating in order to create a paperless working environment.
The Department has taken initiatives to develop 14 new glossaries with the assistance from the government while National Languages Project is providing assistance to develop two new glossaries.
7. Refurbish of ICT unit started.
Section 8
iii. Strength of the institutional structure available for the Department of Police to handle its construction work was at a low level.
Additional Secretary (Technical)
Charges for internet connections
Performance 2014
The Sinhala Medium Diploma Course in Child Protection is being conducted by the Training Division of the National Institute of Social Development with the financial assistance of UNICEF for 42 Public Officers in the Moneragala District.
3.11. Intercropping
Provincial Directors' Meeting - Quarterly
Establishment of factories
The objective of this project is to grant concessionary loans under housing loan programme in order to help war heroes and the police presently in service to fulfill their aspirations.
Closing Balance
(a) Financial Regulations of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and Public Enterprises Circular PED/12 of 02 June 2003.
Procurement of vehicles to the Public Sector
Institute of Surveying and Mapping
Provide necessary raw materials for the members in order to supply products and services.
Public Administration Circulars issued amending the provisions of the Establishments Code - 2015
Licensing fees applicable to the Ministry of Defense
Rs. 196,820
To conduct Physical fitness programs.
Fax:- +94-11-2670079
Political Party /Independant Group
Staff Grade
(e) Whether the financial statements had been prepared on the basis of the Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards, and
Submitting the project proposals recommended by the Department of National Planning to prospective development partner desks in consultation with senior staff of the Department to secure foreign financing
As this entire process is a long-term process, it cannot be completed within a short period of one year.
Concrete Product Sales
Repairing Telephones
02. Jana Pubudu Loan
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value, after making provision for obsolete and repairable items.
There is currently a loan balance of about Rs.7 billion due to be settled.
The Department maintains a perfect coordination with the Waqfs Board and Waqfs Tribunal which is established by the Waqfs Act No 51 of 1956, amended by the Act no 21 of 1962 and Act no 33 of 1982 to implement the objectives of the Act, to administer the Muslim mosques, Muslim Institutes and charitable trust of Sri Lanka, thereby registering the Muslim Mosques and religious Institutes, allocating and deciding the duties and functions of boards of trustees of registered Muslim Mosques and Charitable Institutes and waqfs trusts and maintaining the fund of Muslim charitable trusts are included to the duties and administrative aspects of this Department.
Annual training programs
China    05
Belong to the combined service
(d) the Statements of Expenditure submitted could be fairly relied upon to support the applications for reimbursement in accordance with the requirements specified in the Grant Agreement,
Copy
(d) Stores Control
Package No: CP 04
According to the Circular, collected NBT and stamp duty should be shared between the provinces fortnightly, using dedicated bank accounts according to the following percentages.
(ii) Total loss of sight in one eye
04. I sincerely hope that in the coming year, we will be able to achieve a higher progress and to provide a more efficient service to the public through the unwavering sponsorship extended by the government for the Bim Saviya Programme, the absolute monitoring of the implementation of programme by Ministry of Land and Land Development and also through proper and subject oriented training of the staff of all the regional offices.
The world famous Artist of wall paintings at the Kelaniya Temple Hon. Solias Mendis, and Artists Hon. Edmond Radaguru, Saiman Nawagaththegama, Vimalarathne Kumaragama who contributed greatly to the growth of Sinhala literature  are the sons of this land.
Local – External Training Programs
My comments and observations which I consider that should be published with the Annual Report of the Council in terms of Section 14 (2) (c) of the Finance Act appear in this report.
Limits of the Advance Account in 2015
4. Improving the efficiency of the process of Title Registration by properly maintaining Title Investigation Offices at regional level.
Workshop on the Batik industry
The Authority had not entered into an agreement for the year 2011 to activate the water and sewage systems in Gampaha and Negombo Hospitals outside its objectives.
“Mathawada”
Maximum Limit of Expenditure
Selection of a suitable supplier to facilitate the establishment of the Electronic National Identity Card Processing and Department at the Secretariat for “Personal Identity” in Battaramulla, consultation with the Central Engineering Consultancy Bureau, etc.
5. Amount of fees charged
Mrs. H. M. Herath Menike
3. Renovation of official quarters and welfare building by improving facilities for the officers.
Contact us for more information
2.2.5. Kahapola, Piliyandala Ecological Park
Vehicle maintenance
Public Administration Circular: 18/2013
8. To set up model villages highlighting the Ranaviru name
2.1 Opinion
Inviting Tenders For Sale of Common Salt
On behalf of the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation
Dr. K. Kuleshwarakumar
(a) It was observed that the delay charges of US$ 393,307 equivalent to Rs. 229.27 million had been paid by the Project as per Sub-Section 14.8 of the condition of the contract, due to late settlement of bills presented by the contractors.
Out of these, 21 packages worth Rs. 23.3 million have been repaired.
Mungbean variety, MIMB 901 was identified as a drought-tolerant genotype, Ari was identified as a moderate drought-tolerant genotype and MI 6 was identified as drought susceptible genotype.
For the purpose of accomplishing the objectives of the Ministry by way of further maintaining a consistent level of progress in keeping with the new subjects of the Ministry, the following goals have been identified in the year 2016.
Blender - 01
Increase in other receivable balances
Property loan balance
2. District Land Registrar's Office
Accordingly, once the secretary of the respective Ministry approves the transfer requested, it shall be informed to the Secretary, Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs.
(b) In awarding permanent posts according to the instructions of the Public Administration Circular No. 25/2014 dated 12 November 2014, it was stated that the permanent appointments should be awarded relating to the substitute post recruited.
Holding provincial and national competitions on the occasion of National Miladun Nabi's birthday.
Accordingly, two Sinhala and Tamil spoken Classes consisted with 108 hours were conducted by the Institute in this year for the Members of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
Other license fees
2. Provided live linking facilities for 120 nos. of outside broadcast events across the country.
United Nations Economic and Social Commission for the Pacific - Asia (70th Session)Phase II(ESCAP)
Local Government Pensions
5.3.2. Small Enterprise Activities
Rehabilitation of Hindu Temples and Institutions
Programmes are also operative from the Children’s scholarship and mental empowerment programmes.
The Government of Sri Lanka entered into mutual legal assistance agreements with China, Belarus and the United Arab Emirates in 2014.
Bingiriya Pradeshiya Sabha
Public Officers Advance ‘B’ Accounts - 2015
1.5. Financial Statements
Among social and economic problems that Sri Lanka is presently encountering, the rapid growth of the elderly population has been one of the major problems.
The Commissioner of Elections attended the main function held in Badulla District.
National Expert Committee on Climate Change Adaptation (NECCC-Adaptation)
Seminar on Pannisai was conducted at Lunugala on 20.12.2014 for Aranery school students of Badulla and Batticaloa Districts.
8.3. Action was taken during this year to fill 114 vacancies in the Local Authorities and the details relating to the filling of vacancies in the Municipal Councils, Urban Councils and Pradeshiya Sabhas are given in Table XVIII, XIX and XX.
Rs.20,935,006/- has been earned as at 31st December 2012 from matches/festivals conducted at the Outdoor Stadium and from rentals, the vehicle park and other sources.
Agreement on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters
In my opinion, Annual Financial Report of the Education Sector Development Program of the accompanying Consolidated Program agrees with the information provided in the financial statements of the provincial Department of Education and Provincial Ministries of Education of 09 Provincial Councils as at 31 December 2018 and give a true and fair view of the Program in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
9.1.8 In terms of the provisions of the Public Administration Circular 25/2014 and the Cabinet Decision on 28.12.2014, 12 casual Management Assistants, recruited on special requirements to work in two official languages, were appointed to the posts of the Grade III of Document Assistant of the Department with effect from 02.02.2015.
Source: Department of National Budget
These payments had been made after taking the decision by the Board of Directors with the basic objective of encouraging all the officers through an incentive allowance payable on the performance of the employees.
Affiliated Offices that Function under the Supervision of the District Secretary
Taxes and Customs
13. Chairman - National Employees' Union
2.4 Trade and other debts
I. When a death occurs the returning officer of the relevant district shall immediately informed it to the Commissioner of Elections and the Head of the Department/ Institution to which the officer belonged.
Item No.
Name of the Ministry/ Department/ District Secretariat: Ratnapura
Even though it was reported in the progress records that 10 Budget Line Activities had been completed during the year under review, the actual physical progress had remained at the range from 10 percent to 70 percent as at 31 December 2017.
(h) Journal entry notes in the accounts of 2012 re notes made by the accountant himself.
February 20 - March 02
Granting pardon in respect of sentences imposed on an offender, providing advice on commutation, remission, respite, suspension of such sentences.
Conducting a Certificate Award Ceremony for persons engaged in the plantation field.
Expenditure Rs.
Urban Council
Table 9: Provincial Requests on Capital Needs (PSDG) -2016
Western South 1 Province
Strengthening the Bureaus for Children and Women in police stations is significant among them.
The Greater Colombo Transmission and Distribution Loss Reduction Project funded by JICA commenced in 2013.
Over 3 years
Levels of Power Supply - 2013
United Kingdom Steel Bridge Project - 2015
Three Day Outdoor Training Program for Ministry Officers
No
The recommended projects submitted by the Regional Industrial Service Centres are further screened by the Official Committee appointed by the Secretary of the Ministry.
Further, it has been instructed to forward the updated cadre information to the Cabinet of Ministers on a quarterly basis.
Non-financial government capital grants **
Gabon
Mr. I. M. Illiyas
Dompe
(Please See Annexure 03 for more details)
Public Petitions Unit
Without qualifying our opinion we draw attention to the matter that the Company has not consolidated the financial statements of its subsidiary, Ceylon Shipping Agency (Pvt) Ltd since the audit of the said Company has not been completed and has not been operating.
Private Secretary
The Fourth SAARC Summit held in Islamabad in December 1988 emphasized the need for concrete and result oriented activities within the SAARC framework.
Under the second function, the project reports of the Operations Co-ordination Centers for Language Associations in the Badulla District have been approved and the provisions have been released.
Activities performed in line with the Deyata Kirula Development Programme
Amount of cash imprest released by the Treasury Operations Department up to last month
5000 words have been found under the program of formulating a spelling alphabet and it has been computerized.
Balance as at 31.12.2013
Director (Chief Executive Officer)
Marketing & Distribution
Fixed Assets Control
The salary paid to the officers, who have been recruited on contract basis, should not be revised within the period of contract.
They are recognized initially at transaction price.
(iv) The income generated deducting agency commission from advertising a program purchased for Rs. 22,518,080 by supplying free air time valued at Rs. 10,000,000 amounted to Rs. 24,093,647.
Section 1
Package 03
Specially, this report would assist those who are engaged in the studies of direct intervention of the Department as the major body that plays the vital role within the  co-operative business to easily comprehend information.
Disposals during the year
Public Relation Officer to the Hon. State Minister of Higher Education & Highways
It was implemented under the supervision of the Ministry of Irrigation and Water Resources Management through the Department of Irrigation, Mahaweli Development Authority, Road Development Authority and National Building Research Institute in selected areas of the country.
Syllabus - 2898 Copies
Non- availability of a block of land is a barrier to secure other welfare requirements.
Guideline
Balance work of Attikkawa Anicut
The language circle consists of a panel of officers including principal, teachers and one student from each class to represent the students.
Polgahawela Pradeshiya Sabha
Rideegama
03. Name with Initials: (in English)
Total No. of applications (as at 31st December 2014)
Rs. 212.00 Mn
In Addition to these programs a number of specified programs have been performed with efficiency under the fund allocated by the line ministries and this is also a remarkable achievement of the District Secretariat.
The drama competition between the  children's clubs established in all the Divisional Secretariats in the district was held on Sunday, 16.11.2014 at the district level under the patronage of the Assistant District Secretary.
If any clarification is required on the content of this Circular you may contact Mr. B.A.T. Rodrigo (Tel - 0112 484735) Director, Department of State Accounts.
Sources
Telephone Number: 011-4510368/011-4510268
Action has been taken to provide a Manual on vocational guidance for the persons who followed the course.
Category of Employees
The annual assessment for the ground floor relating to assessment No. 35 of Kurunegala Road left side amounting to Rs. 108,732 in the year 2009 had been reduced up to Rs. 100,038 according to the assessment made in the year 2015.
National Meteorological Centre
Training facilities within the country were provided for 59 officers in 2015 with a view to enhancing their knowledge, technical ability and language proficiency.
General Marriage Certificate
(i) Government Agencies financed by the Consolidated Fund - Ministries, Departments, Special Spending Units and Public Institutions
A sum of Rs. 225,000 out of the provisions made for the practical training of the trainees had been spent on fuel for holding a meeting of the Assistant Directors of the Institute in April 2012 in a vessel owned by the Institute.
Mr. Douglas Siriwardane (Attorney-at-Law)
Regional Agricultural Research & Development Centre – Aralaganwila
VIII. Maintaining an efficient system for preservation of old and valuable records relating to Settlement of Lands
The Energy Management Unit of the distribution division 3 functions under the Deputy General Manager (Commercial and Corporate).
National Council for Elders had 11 meeting sessions in the year 2012.
Koralaipattu North
Mr. J.K. Jayawardena
Watupitiwala Ranaviru Village
Transfers in terms of F.R.66 and F.R.69
Highlights of the year 2013
Dhammika Rajapakshe
In addition to providing such services, the department also specializes in various fields where scientists provide scientific advice to government-sponsored institutions.
Assistant Engineer (Concrete Project)
Galle, Avissawella, Negombo, Ratnapura, and Kandy
“Siddha” is an ancient method of medicine that comes from India.
Divi Neguma Livelihood Development Projects
The following projects were completed by the Department up to 31st December 2014.
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1.2 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the National Institute of Fisheries and Nautical Engineering as at 31 December 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles.
Prereciepts
Department of Animal Production and Health
Cash and Cash Equivalent
Short term bank deposits
Public Debt Amortization in 2014 accounted for 24.2 percent or 636 billion.
Irrigation and Water Resources Management
The Kalu Ganga Water Supply Project implemented with Rs 19,666 million funding from Japan  (of approximately Rs. 25,369.14 million), constructing a water treatment plant capable of purifying 60,000 cubic meters of water per day, a water supply pipeline and a water tower with a capacity of 120,000 cubic meters.
Organic Fertilizer Production and Promotion programme
Depreciation methods and useful lives for assets held under finance lease agreements correspond to those applied to comparable assets which are legally owned by the Group.
Housing Schemes / Apartments
(d) Balance of Rs.1,001,767‍ existed in 02‍ dormant accounts of the Sabha had not been shown in the financial statements.
Preparation and publication of performance report for the year 2013
Conducting religious programs
Sinhalage Jagath Samarawickrama
04. Training Program on disciplinary inquiries
3.3 Transactions of Contentious Nature
Excavation for the Powerhouse
Therefore, introducing an incentive scheme is questionable.
United Left Front
Taking into consideration of this situation, it was emphasized a necessity of holding conversation on national unity in order to secure the belongingness among the various ethnic groups, religions and cultures and strengthening the social co-existence and wellbeing.
The construction of a 46-meter-high dam at this location will build a reservoir with a capacity of 15.8 million cubic meters.
For the management of traffic congestion, a one day workshop presided over by Honorable John Amarathunga, the Minister In-charge, was held on 06.06.2015 at Sri Lanka Institute of Development Administration (SLIDA), with the participation of the related institutions,  with a view to approach policy decisions required for vehicular traffic.
It seeks to increase the collaboration between the Court, Probation, and the Police and to ensure the maximum welfare of the child.
4. Accountability and Good Governance
Mihin Lanka Ltd
After initial recognition, investments in equities that are publicly traded or for which the fair value can be measured reliably, are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.
Contractual Services
(c) Debtors and Creditors Control
Income management training-Muruthawela Scheme
Description of Liability
Total equity & liabilities
Risk Recovery and Development of Climate Change in Sri Lanka
Distribution of happy & Sad box
Cash and cash equivalents are included in the following Cash Flow Statement.
Advanced technologies are used to strengthen the manufacturing procedures and production capacity to meet the drug requirements of all Government hospitals
Under this 40 double cabs and 30 single cabs were purchased and distributed to wildlife zones.
Referring to children with special needs for interactive education through early intervention
The budget to be prepared in terms of Section 4.1 of the Public Finance Circular No.PF/423 dated 22 June 2006 had not been prepared and furnished to Audit.
02 workshops were held to educate 50 officers of the Department on law enforcement through GPS and Satellite photographs.
Capacity development of key stakeholders involved in disaster early response teams and early relief activities at national and sub national levels
(d) It was observed the Program had hired houses in Trincomalee, Anuradhapura, Embilipitiya and Gampola for residential purposes of the officers of the Program and a sum of Rs. 977,000 had been spent thereon during the year under review.
Publication and Distribution of Nandhi Flag
Compared to last year more audit queries have reduced by more than 65% this year.
Provisions in relation to other Official Language, contained in all Schemes of Recruitment and Service Minutes, should be considered as having been amended as per the provisions of this Circular.
3.16. Payment of Subsidies
Directors’ Responsibility for Financial Reporting
Vijayaba Motor Race,
Instructors
18. Mercantile Investments and Finance
The Long Term Generation Expansion Plan of CEB is a rolling plan prepared every two years for a period of 20 years by the Transmission and Generation Planning Branch, using the state-of-the-art planning tools and techniques.
X3 - Computer Literacy Rate (%)
Apparel Export Services
Officers from Private Medical Services Development Division which is the regulatory institution for private hospitals of the Ministry of Health and Chairman of the Association of Private Hospitals and Nursing Homes also participated to this program.
8. Way Forward
Puttalam
(i) As the Sabha was unaware of the "Sustainable Development Agenda 2030", action had not been taken to link the activities of the Sabha to the targets set for the 17 Sustainable Development Goals.
Ibrahim Miflar
Commercial Production  unit
Mr. Wilson Sirimanna
Note - 3
Weerawila No. 02
Depreciation of Assets
To implement various fixed and development capital programs with the aim of generating Rs. 23.5 million for the year 2016
Level
Kelanitissa Fiat GT
Airport & Aviation Services Sri Lanka
It was observed that the budget had not been used as an effective management control, as the budget revealed quantitative variances between income and expenditure, and actual revenue and expenditure.
Massive development schemes launched by the Government after the world war in the 1940s began to have its impact on the resources of the Observatory.
Recorded on 07.08.2015
Acquisition of Capital Assets
Government Ayurvedic Central Dispensary - Navungala
A slight increase in reported crimes against children and women is evident and the upward trend in crimes against women has apparently given rise to this situation in comparison to the period of three years that proceeded.
Cumulative Arrears as at 31 December
Second edition of topographical map series of 1:50,000 is being made by computer technology and the map of Anuradhapura (no 31) being the first such map, launched in 2014.
Kuliyapitiya Urban Council
Arrangements are being made to take over suitable blocks of land for the Department of Police in a suburban area close to Colombo for implementing this project.
Progress of granting self employment loans- Services wise
From the Botanic Gardens Trust Fund Rs. 2.6 million
On Invitation
(i) The essential payments had been delayed due to not receiving the necessary imprest properly in 2012.
Lot A_3 Package B
At the meetings, a large number of staff reports are examined and reviewed and decisions were taken as appropriate.
Most of the people living near this lagoon are engaged in freshwater fishing.
Mr.Jayarathna Herath
Number of Grama Niladhari Divisions
Dhamma Schools Division
Promotion of scientific breeding methods to improve livestock population and protection and quarantine of these animals from diseases
Ananda Jagath Kumara Palliyaguruge
Number of Handled Lands during the Year to Recover Possession
A stock balance amounting to Rs. 54,195 between the stock ledger and the main ledger had been credited to the profit and loss account through stock adjustment account without being identified.
Fourth Stage - Listing economic activities such as Industries, Trade and Service Sectors.
Another task entrusted with the Examination Division is to issue certificates for the officers who have achieved Official Language Proficiency.
Contracts should be undertaken within the capacity limits of the institution
Disposal of records
Financial Plans need to be prepared and implemented in an effective manner.
6. Regional Economic Cooperation
Hammer Throw (Female)
Deputy Director of Statistics
Recommendation for tariff concessions on books related to religion and religious institutions.
Physical progress of the activities of the Project
Further, at the Management Trust meeting held on 17 May 2016, even though a decision had been reached that 50% of the net income should be received by the Trust from the Vehicle Division, steps had not been taken to revise the Agreement even by August 2019.
The following targets have been achieved under the Action Plan for the year 2014 prepared according to the medium term development plan of the Department of Community Based Corrections.
Programme/ Project
Review the Audit Examine Reports of the Auditor General and the Special Audit Quarries submitted to this Department.
Mr. Chathura Samarasingha
Establishment of Viharadhipathi position
Non-operational expenses
Grants and subsidies are recognized at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant/ subsidy will be received and all attached conditions, if any, will be complied with.
a) The Authority had spent Rs. 142,475 for repairing Double Cab 253-5727 which had met with an accident on 19th February 2011, however Sri Lanka Insurance Corporation had only reimbursed Rs. 95,450 causing a loss of Rs. 47,025 and an investigation had not been conducted to identify the officials responsible for this loss.
The above mentioned procedure is usually followed when notifying requirements such as customers’ requests for ordinary supply service connections, meter/ equipment shifting, and providing reconnections for finalized accounts.
4. For any clarification on this Circular, please contact Director (Macro Accounts) - 0112484753, Director (Public Financial Statistics & Management Information) - 0112484649, Director (Financial Information & Reporting) - 0112484737 Director (System & Training) - 0112484735 of the Department of State Accounts.
A Tamil (special) Written/ Oral examination was held for 74 officers of the Anuradhapura District Chamber of Commerce on 29.04.2014.
Business turnover taxes have been in arrears for years, making it difficult to pay arrears due to the crisis.
Postal and telegram charges
OUR VISION
Macedonia Rep.
Sri Lanka Cement Corporation is the pioneer in Cement Industry in Sri Lanka.
The year 2016
Balapitiya
Granting approval for Vehicle Procurements, not included in the leasing method
A number of training workshops were also conducted under “Vidatha” technology transfer program.
Announcements
Tiobencarb 400g/l+Propanil 200g/l EC (Satunil) and Pretilachlor 300g/l + Pyribenzoxim 20g/l EC (Solito) showed a significant level of control in prominent sedge Cyperus iria and showed no phytotoxic effect on Rice.
Overstated the net cash generated from operating activities.
Management and distribution of poverty reduction initiatives
Laboratory trials have been completed and the preparation of a dermatological oil and a cream are in progress.
Development Officers and Work Inspectors
Accrual  Publication Royalty
SAARC
Sub Activity
Public Administration Circular: 14/2013
Asian region
District Agriculture Office
Sunday Spice/Eye Shuffle/Café Classis,
Municipal Councils – Colombo, Nuwara Eliya, Badulla, Galle
Active account
2.Review of Sri Lanka’s Foreign Trade 2014
Machinery
All post Balance Sheet physical events have been considered disclosed and adjusted where applicable.
Observations on Cabinet Memoranda
On average 30 to 50 consultations are carried out daily by the designated officials.
According to the financial statements presented, the excess of revenue over recurrent expenditure of the Council for the year ended 31 December 2017 amounted to Rs. 60,375,416
Five panel discussions have been held in this regard and request letters to obtain funds to remunerate the resource persons who took part in the discussions have been sent to the Salaries and Cadre Commission.
It was initiated with a view to taking appropriate action on critical environmental issues that adversely affect economic and social development programmes, but have not yet been addressed.
Assistance was also provided for design reviews, testing and commissioning and defects rectification work of several ongoing projects which were at different stages of progress at Badulla, Ampara, Naula, Pallekele, Mahiyanganaya, Monaragala, Vavunative, Kegalle, and New Polpitiya grid substations.
Investigating complaints with regard to violation of language rights is a primary task of the Commission.
Obtaining Online Sales Facilities
See Media Guideline
4. Improving office systems
IT 98k-205-8 was susceptible to anthracnose and resistant to powdery mildew disease.
Performance Highlights
(b) When calculating the service in a popular service station of an officer who has served in more than one service, the service in any Department where such service is treated under popular category will also be taken in to consideration.(Eg: The service in the Minor Employees' Service of an officer promoted).
11.5 Details of the vehicles owned by the Department of Elections and  sold due to poor running conditions and the particulars of the sold prices are given below.
Also, a collection of photographs relevant to the Department has been included in the website.
Explanation of the variation between Total Net Provision allocated under the vote of Budgetary Support Service and Contingent Liabilities as per the section 6 of the Appropriation Act to meet Capital Expenditure of any other Expenditure Heads and the Actual transfers
8.2. In terms of the Local Authorities Elections Ordinance (Chapter 262) as amended by the Local Authorities Elections (Amendment) Act No. 22 of 2012, even though the future elections of the local authorities have to be conducted on electoral district basis, conducting of the election has become problematic due to the problems arose relating to the report of the Delimitation Commission; with delimitation not completed until now and the amendments to the Local Authorities Election proposed by the Commissioner of Elections, which enable the conducting of the election,  not being completed to date.
The exchange rates used for this report are the different currencies and the exchange rates on the date of the year the respective agreements were signed.
State Corporations / Statutory Boards
Japan Yen 3,138 million had been spent on the Project and the balance had been utilized for another 03 Projects.
2.2.1. The National Zoo in Dehiwala
Rs. 8,429,423.00
Vadivelu Sures
D.A Rajapaksha Commemoration Programme - Thangalle,
Accordingly, the Language Division has made the Chief Official Language Implementation Officer and the Official Language Implementation officer of the relevant Divisional Secretariats aware of the implementation of the Official Language Policy and they were given the necessary guidance for the preparation of language plans at their respective institutions and for the effective implementation of Official Language Policy.
Stock of cement
Decentralized Budget Program
Chartered Accountants
Talaimannar
Office Documents 9. 1
Blackpool no. 02 Upstairs
Due to the application of SLFRS certain trade and other payables have been written back and adjusted to retained earnings at the date of transition.
Senior Level - 1
Meeting agendas will be prepared and provided in advance to members along with appropriate briefing materials and Audit Committee deliberations are minuted regularly and reported to the Board for ratification.
Accordingly, the Lessor opted to accept the Borescope Inspection report and accept that Hi-Fly has complied with their redelivery obligations.
H.I.V/AIDS Controlling Activities
Divisional Secretariat - Koralai Pattu
Adjustable Logic Controller - Phase 2
Heads of the Government Corporations, Statutory Boards and Fully Owned Government Companies
Issuance of Final Treasury Accounting Statement for the year 2017
Application for opening a new account in the main ledger / sub-ledger
The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost of materials, direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use, and the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located.
iii. Vehicular Accidents
This was recorded in the television history as the first ever program that covered all 09 provinces of the island.
Chief Secretaries of Provinces
Progress review meetings at the provincial level were conducted by mobilizing the Community Correction Officers engaged in all Divisional Secretariats of the island and collecting the information required
Mr. Pradeep Yasarathna
The system energy losses which have been gradually decreasing since 2000 stood at 11.1% by the end of the year 2013.
Development and maintenance of various farm units of livestock Technology Park
Name of the road
Public Officers with Political Rights who have been elected to Local Government Institutions
July - 24, 25, 26
In accordance with Article 148 of the Constitution, Parliament shall have full control over public finance.
Numeric Table – 14
Construction of a road in the Maldives
Heavy rainfall is received dueing the year by the South-East Monsoon rain during the months of May to September.
Percentage of the Expenditure
Profit distribution control
Poson Celebration
Maximum Limit of Expenditure
Pudukudiyirippu
Supplying Uniform Materials for Government Institutions
(c) Action had not been taken to identify 41 direct remittances amounting to Rupees 5,290,452 in 03 bank accounts as at the end of the year under review.
E-mail - admin@lanintegmin.gov.lk
In preparing the financial statements, the specific accounting policies mentioned in the Annual Report have been followed.
13. Mr. A. Abdon Silva - Committee Member
Dairy management
Response of the Management
The major reasons for the growth in the payable liability by Rs. 10 million is the increase in the payment of contractors, security deposits and held-over money.
Appropriateness of the long-term loans to the fulfillment of short-term working capital requirements was not evaluated by the management.
(a) Delay charges for tourist rent and rent from lotteries huts amounting to Rupees 9,265 had to be recovered.
Assistant Director / Treasury Representative
Moragalla
From Accounting Provision
Preparations for the establishment of small scale milk processing plants locally with the financial assistance of the Government of France to facilitate the consumption and promotion of liquid milk among the public.
Director/ CEO, ITI Ex-officio
Publication and Distribution of Nandhi Flag
Vacancies and Excesses of Staff
Mr. W. K. K. Perera
22. Bill on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
Sri Lanka Mahajana Pakshaya
C 290
Facilitating the industry to adhere to international conventions and regulations within the overall framework of sustainable development also falls within the purview of Ministry activities.
Roads and Bridges
The comments on the physical progress of the activities carried out by the Program during the year under review are described below.
During this period, 01 recruitment procedure has been approved and 03 recruitment procedures have been submitted to the Public Service Commission for approval.
The report on the matches and festivals conducted in this Stadium in the year 2012.
The total annual revenue of the Haggala Botanic Gardens is Rs. 45.03 million.
Mahiladithivu Tank
(05). Administrative Structure and Staff
According to the recommendations of the Task Force appointed by the Hon. Minister of Industry and Commerce; market, training, design, technology, and entrepreneurship are identified as the sections to be developed for a sustainable handloom industry.
Dwellings
Italy
Investigation
In 2009 it was able to buy a permanent building on Galle Road , near Bambalapitiya, The modification of that building to suit to an office with more upper floors was started in 2010.
No. of new applications
It was revealed that most institutions are not submitting Reconciliation Statement of Public Officer's Advance “B” account in accordance with the formats introduced in the Public Enterprises Circular No. 96 dated 10.08.1984.
(e) Exclusions: Vehicles imported under any Concessionary Permit Scheme of the Government cannot be leased out under this method
Similarly, the Asian Development Bank (ADB) has reduced the amount of concessional loans provided to Sri Lanka and has displayed a growth in providing non-concessional financing.
Under this, handloom setups will be distributed among 75 beneficiaries in this area.
Payments Made During the year
An understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances is obtained, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of internal control of the Program.
Mr. K. L. L. Premanath
I submit to the Committee for Inquiry.
Checking computerization of Distribution of Plants and Charging for Plants in the Year 2011 - Regional Office, Monaragala
According to the Local Authorities Elections Ordinance (Chapter 262), from the date on which the Elections Officer of the district (District Secretary/ Government Agent) publishes a notice of his intention to hold such election, being a date within a period of six months preceding the date on which the term of office of the members (4 years) of a Local Authority is due to end or from the date on which the Elections Officer publishes a notice of election after the dissolution of a Local Authority by the Minister of the central government, who is in charge of the subject of Local Government.
1.3.6 Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
Development of 3 internal roads, renovation of a part of the boundary wall, modernization of the pony riding area and construction of 3 staff quarters are the major development projects completed during the year 2014.
2.Keragala
Starting balance- cash and cash equivalents
Investors’ Share of Net Assets
Action should be taken in compliance with the Establishments Code.
It has been demonstrated that the researched rice varieties have a variety of mechanisms enabaling anti-inflammatory activity and to a certain extent have the ability to maintain lipid lowering activity.
Best  Presenter
Chilaw Pradeshiya Sabha
Serial No.
4. Prize Giving (Evaluation of Prison inmates)
7.6. Recommendation for Residence Visas
I comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from, material misstatements.
Mr. Haweendra Caldera
Technical Assistant
Physical progress and financial progress of slope stabilization in Mahamaya, Hillwood, Gothami collages is 35% and 19% respectively.
The Hon. Attorney General is the Chief Legal Advisor representing the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and he performs the duties as the Head of the Department and Accounting Officer in the Department.
Following activities were planned and initiated under the project.
Operational Surplus (Deficit)
Triple jump
Buththala
The additional fund requirements, especially for accommodating unforeseen incidents such as floods, droughts, etc. were addressed, managing the reallocation of funds within the approved expenditure ceiling, without submitting a Supplementary Estimate to Parliament
Program Assistant (Agriculture)
Nursing Service
Vehicle repairing & maintenance
As a result of the awareness creating programmes conducted by the Official Languages Commission, various Government and Private Institutions requested translating assistance from the Commission to prepare name boards and forms displayed for the public in their institutions.
1.3. Responsibility of the Management on Financial Statements
Total Commitments and Disbursements in 2014
(ii) Statement of losses to be further recovered, deducted or waived
A section which dealt with child pornography in the Computer Crimes Bill was removed and has been included in this new Bill.
Packeting dried fish
Preparation of annual Budget Estimates for the Ministry
Manthai East
18 Deferred Tax Assets
Details of the number of votes received by each candidate are given in Table XIII.
Proposed 220 kV Transmission line Project from Polpitiya to Pannipitiya
1.3 Use of Estimates and Judgments
According to the financial statements presented the pre-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2012 amounted to Rs. 47,478,000 as compared with the pre-tax profit of Rs. 172,079,000 for the preceding year.  Thus a decrease of Rs. 124,601,000 was observed in the pre-tax profit of the year.
Rs. 1115 million has been incurred in 2012/2013 under this project for the Accelerated Development Program for enhancing the living conditions of the people affected drought.
The company showed a 2% growth in Gross Profit Ratio and 6% growth in Operational Profit in the year of 2013, compared to the previous year.
Recurrent Expenditure 2014
Creditors overstated by Rs. 1,221,111
This project which is focused on the enhancement of productivity has facilitated 48 garment factories from the year 2006 up to now and the main objective of this program is to improve the production efficiency of small and medium scale garment factories.
Checking of the Nursery Working Account - Gurugoda Plant Nursery - 2012
1825 books have been purchased from 70 writers and being distributed for encouraging Tamil writers in Sri Lanka.
AFS Financial Assets
Financial Assistance for Aranery School Building under Deyata Kirula Program.
01 Operational program
The Department carried out several number of nursery development activities with the purpose of expanding the capacity of plant production in nurseries of the Department, improving the quality of plants, and developing the infrastructure of the nurseries.
Development Division
Project Income / Consulting Income
Following works are carried out under this Project.
To encourage foreign investors with improved infrastructure facilities and with reduced travel time thereby
Farm and Agriculture Related Assets
Brunei
(b) Section 2.1 of the Value Added Tax Act No.14 of 2002
Amount Spent (Rs.)
In line with the Government Policy and the Action Plan all spending agencies are required to identify focus areas and relevant activities on empowering the differently abled community and mobilizing them as an equally useful segment of the society.
Annual Accounts Page: 2
Increasing the identification feasibility of poultry diseases
Brindawani -
Accounts Payable - P / C
Nevertheless, without having taken action accordingly, 6 wholesale trade stalls had been vested in external parties in the year 2018 and a sum of Rs. 3,000,000 hs been obtained accordingly.
By Order of the Board
02. Further, the government has declared the phrase "Practice Dhamma" as the motto for Vesak.
Annexure III:  Levy/ Dividend Income from State Owned Enterprises (SOEs)
Open Dialogue Program on Rural Development and Poverty Alleviation
Director General's Performance Report 2013
Last Updated on Friday, 26 August 2016 09:39
CO 44
Examinations are held and certificates are issued based on examination results in order to assess language proficiency of public officers and to encourage them to achieve proficiency in all three languages.
Project No 01
Supply and Office Requirements
Divisional Secretariat: Seethawaka
The project was divided into four components based on the technical requirement,
BIO TECHNOLOGY UNIT
Ceylon Fishery Harbours Corporation
Swayan Saviya - “Soyzapura Housing Scheme”
2017/18 Appraisals have been completed in Mid-September 2019.
Orchards
The activities of the Project had not been subjected to the audit of the Internal Audit Section of the National Water Supply and Drainage Board as required by the Financial Regulation 133 and the Circular No. 05 of 26 July 2010 of the Department of Management Audit of the General Treasury.
Assessment and cultivated area - 2014
2.1 Qualified Opinion - Board
Determination of limits for the Commercial, Stores and Public Officer’s Advance Accounts in consultation with the spending agencies and consideration of the requests for revision of limits
Targets Achieved as at 31 December 2012
Even though the approval of the Management Committee had been given to purchase 03 computers only, the Sabha had purchased 08 computers, 08 UPS, and 05 virus guards by paying Rs. 638,330.
Loan Amount (Rs. Million)
12. Caesarean birth cover at a Private Hospital (Only for the member)
1 31/2001 (X)
(a) Conduct of Degree Courses
About one month and 17 days after its 60th Anniversary viz., 17th November 2015, the Election Commission was established and the name 'Department of Elections' which existed for 60 years, one month, and 16 days was converted to the 'Election Commission'.
Digital and Analog Multi-meters / Clamp meters / Voltmeters
No.of Temples and Organizations
Audio Monitors Fault repairs
Revaluation Reserves
2.6 Losses and damages
Author
(h) Whether satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year audit report, and
Property, Plant and Equipment
4.5  Prevention of Corruption and Raids
06. Progress of the Development Projects
Sri Lanka Accountancy Institute
In making those risk assessments, the Auditor considers internal control relevant to the Project’s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Project’s internal control.
Groceries
The Law Commission will study the draft clinical Trials Bill sent by the Ministry of Health for the observation of the Law Commission.
Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Institute and that it can be reliably measured.
Preparation of the results according to the polling divisions of the districts and the preparation of the district result were carried out at the Elections Secretariat based on the results received from the Returning Officers at the counting center level.
Global Partnership on Output-Based Aid Project - 2018
3.4 Economic and Livelihood Conditions of the District
The Question and Answer pages in Newspapers is another initiative taken by the LAC to assist the public to resolve their legal problems as well as to improve their legal awareness.
Annual progress in summary
In my opinion, except for the impact of the facts described in the section of the basis for the qualified opinion of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Rideegama Pradeshiya Sabha as at 31 December 2018 and its financial performance for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Vehicle Inspector
The book titled “Let’s Learn Sinhala, Tamil and English was distributed free of charge at the exhibition premises.
Measures will be taken to correct it in the future.
Encouraging local dairy farmers to achieve targeted growth in liquid milk production
01. Basis of Preparation
200 Metre (Male)
More than Rs. 25,000.01
According to the Memorandum of the Project, then, Ministry of Finance and Planning, presently, the Ministry of Finance and Mass Media is the Executing Agency and the National Water Supply and Drainage Board is the Implementing Agency of the Project.
ACA-1(i) Statement of Arrears of Revenue for the period ended 31st December ........
Agriculture Monitoring Officer)
Mr. R. M. Dayarathna
Collected Revenue
Fabric Weaving Technology
04.Management of Human Resources and General Administration
But it had not been updated since the year 2000.
Project Name/ RDA Division: 2/3 bridge Kaluaggala- Labugama Road
Computer Hardware Engineering Course - University Grants Commission (UGC) Projects
12.3 The Role
The Board carried out following transactions with following related companies.
Budget Estimation Allocations
Maintenance of databases on departmental circulars, departmental telephone numbers and email addresses directory and departmental computers
Net Assets/Equity
Number of Identity Cards
In addition, the broadcaster or publisher should state that the poll reflects the public opinion only at the time of the poll was taken.
The budgetary operations 2014 were managed within the expenditure ceilings approved by Parliament while ensuring achieving the targets of the Medium Term Expenditure Framework 2014-2016.
7.1 Air Survey Branch
13. Proposal to repeal and replace the Mortgage Act
II. Building New Prison Complex in Jaffna
In paying the compensation to the land owners, the payment is made by the Divisional Secretariats and the Project offices together.
Sri Lanka Handicraft Board
For replanting per hectare (Amount in Rupees)
Seven Kochchi/ Nai miris accessions were evaluated for leaf curl virus.
Relief Complaints
Furniture and fittings
August 23
Rs. 50,000.00 (Per Family Unit)
To establish a board of trained personnel equipped to undertake the teaching of languages.
The Liberal Party
Janasevana Project
Name of the person who left office
Possibility of underutilization of allocation made.
5.1.11 Process of the Administrative Division
6. Construction of fence at Delft Veterinary Office
(e) In case where the officer demised is unmarried, the compensation shall be divided equally among the living parents.
Foreign supplies
Others include rents, interests, examination fees, sale of capital assets, betting tax etc.
Secretary to the Treasury
Before 15th September
However, it was observed at the physical inspections made in October 2016 that the water intake built at Muttur is exposed to intense erosion and could cause possible damages to the construction.
October to December
At the end of the General Election held in August 2015, again the Ministry of Irrigation and Water Resources Management was established.
5.5 Tabling of Annual Report
Therefore, it is obvious that the monthly invoice includes only returns related to previous periods as always there is a time gap in returning.
1. Kantale
At this 8th programme of the Deyata Kirula National Exhibition, the Special Task Force of the Police Department under supervision of this Ministry was able to secure the 6th place of the event.
Accordingly, in these workshops, the participants’ awareness of such topics has been enhanced through lectures by scholars, computer presentations and group activities.
Alahamath Lankapuri
Website Administration
Agro Tube Well - (All Divisional Secretariats)
Middle East Countries
Development partner
Administration of all officers of the Ministry other than Scheduled Public Officers appointed by the Judicial Service Commission and the Departments which are coming under the Ministry
Director General - Department of Fiscal Policy
The programmes implemented under various institutions and projects of the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy were also integrated with the Deyata Sevana programme.
Balance of the final account as at 31.12.2011
2. The period of No Pay leave of 03 months shall not strictly be spent for any other task other than for satisfying the requirement of proficiency in the relevant languages.
Conducted lectures on the bio diversity of Sri Lanka educating 350 students in Isipathana Vidyalaya and Presbyterian Balika Vidyalaya.
Serial No 1
If the number of runs are not exhausted as defined in the contract within the contract period then to recognize the remaining  capitalized amount as expenditure at the end of the contract
7.0 Disciplinary action shall be taken without any notice against officers who do not follow or implement annual transfer orders, if the secretary of Ministry of Public Administration is reported regarding such situation.
(h) Renovation of Elders’ Homes – Rs. 225,000/-
Skquash
Number of Land Disputes Resolved
Mrs. I. G. Jayatilleke who is a Veterinary Surgeon of the Sri Lanka Animal Production and Health Service holds a Bachelor's Degree in Veterinary Medicine from the University of Peradeniya in 2001, a Post Graduate Degree in Food and Nutrition from the University of Kelaniya and a Post Graduate Degree in Public Management from the Sri Lanka Institute of Development and Administration.
Initial work has been commenced.
Power;
A group of Police Officers engaged in Traffic Duties
Dr. Mrs. M. N. M. D. S. Dharmawardene
Withholding
Mr. P. D. S. Wijeratne
Nature of Loss
Mrs. D. P. Wichramarachchi
(Eg. Stamps needed to obtain their National Identity Card and the fees for Birth, Marriage and Death Certificates were provided free of charge)
Registered Voters in 2015
From Chief Inspector of Police to Assistant Superintendent of Police
However, the depreciation had been made based on straight line method.
Interest
(d) Container Examinations
A trilingual name board for “Nilwala Gate” fixed at the entrance of the Matara express road.
DGM (Environment Civil Maintenance & Dam Safety)
The transactions of the Project during the year under review were not subjected to an audit of the Internal Audit Section of the National Water Supply and Drainage Board as required by the Financial Regulation 133 and Management Audit Circular No.5 of 26 July 2010 of the Department of Management Service.
All estimates should be consistent with the procurement plans designed as per the procurement guidelines.
Short-term Investment
Organizing workshop on nutrition by bringing in resource persons from outside for reserves
Position at the end of the year
All District Secretaries / Government Agents
Even though Internal Audit Programmes had been prepared for the year 2012, the internal audit had not been done according to the programmes.
Amount of allocation made to complement the Multi-Sectoral National Action Plan for the Elimination of Sexual and Gender-Based Violence
Six months Pre- school Teacher Training certificate course on the inclusive education for the children with special needs
A difference of Rs. 110,518,649 was shown in 11 balances of accounts as per financial statements as at the end of the year under review and the balances as per the Schedules and Ledger.
(a) The Trade and other Receivable balance of the Corporation in the year under review amounted to Rs.839,200,063.
02. (a) An allowance of Rs.4000/- shall be paid annually with effect from 01.01.2013 to drivers and officers in Office Employees' Service instead of the uniforms and tailoring fees provided by the above Public Administration Circulars.
Annex 29
According to the Sri Lanka Customs data, in 2014, total exports to India under the Indo-Sri Lanka Free Trade Agreement (ISFTA)recorded USD 375.8 million.
2. Introduction
2. Kilinochchi
Providing welfare facilities to the public by maintaining offices in Grama Niladari Division
Distance from the present place of residence up to service station
04. Rejecting acceptance of loans made by applicants since they were unable to obtain it as they had undergo surgeries suddenly.
The impact arising from the above changes are summarized below:
The balance part of the work is in progress and will be finalized by 30 June 2019.
Balance according to Register
Mrs. S. D. Dayani Priyashanthi Sinhapura
The Role of the Ministry of Sports
(a) Action had not been taken even up to the end of the year under review for the recovery of the advances amounting to Rs. 160,000 paid in the year 2004 for the purchase of fuel for the motor vehicles of two suppliers from whom services are not procured at present.
The National Institute of Language Education and Training organizes 12-day non-resident short-term language training courses for public officers who are unable to attend part-time language training courses.
Moreover, Sivudesa Foreign News commentary was telecast daily from 6.00 a.m. to 6.25 a.m.
The division implements the wildlife development activities in a proper and an effective manner and coordinates the maintenance activities of the Ministry well.
Giribawa Pradeshiya Sabha
Payments made in the year 2015
In terms of 3 (a) of the Government Procurement Guidelines 2006, even though the shopping method is an appropriate procurement system for materials that are consumed constantly, purchases had been made under retail prices from the same supplier without adhering to the said Procurement Guidelines.
Sandy areas other than the coast
No 27 MICH Building,
In addition to such facilities they are provided with an allowance to meet their daily expenses.
Ms. Malani Lokupathagama serves as the current District Secretary/ Government Agent (Acting) of the District Secretariat, Galle.
Appointment of Procurement Committees for the Ministry, Departments and Institutions coming under the purview of the Ministry, attending to procurement activities and their supervision
Natural Resources Management Center – Peradeniya
D. G. S. A. - 4
Some of these projects are as follows;
Road Development Authority was granted cabinet approval to access local banks up to Rs. 151.7 billion to finance 64 Priority Road Development Projects.
Evidence
Payment of incentives
For 19 Regional Celebrations of International Elders Day
A sum of Rs. 219,600 had been paid as lawyers’ fees relating to a court case filed personally to the name of the former Chairman of the Institute contrary to Section 6 of Chapter xxxiii of the Establishments Code of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
30 State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) were provided with budgetary support in the year 2014 amounting to Rs. 126 billion and in the year 2013, 33 State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) were given budgetary support amounting to Rs. 67 billion.
Table 4. Provision of Financial assistance over a death of a war hero or any other disaster.
This Institute performed last year with dedication with a view to creating a healthy labour force and creating a better work environment in the institute.
35. Yatinuwara
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations given to me, I am of opinion that,
03. Tower Hall Theatre Foundation – Board of Trustees
(a) Using appropriate accounting policies which have been selected and applied in a consistent manner and material departures, if any, have been disclosed and explained; and
Acquired (or produced) foreign film and Soap Operas are to obtain 50% of the expenditure from the first and to mortise the balance 50% for 10 years is an equal amount.
Chilli open-pollinated (OP) variety development program
Click here for details about the services.
Kalubovitiyana Tea Factory Ltd
Rs. 15 million has been approved to provide mobile outlets for traders who trade illegally along the main roads.
Development Partners / Lenders
Panampattu Talaimannar – Kachchatheevu
It was possible to gain thorough knowledge and understanding on occupational safety and health as a result of these workshops and it has enabled to develop the national harmony in the country.
Sgd: S.G. Senarathna, Director General
Appointment of Caretakers
Workshop on Efficiency Bar Examination of Public Management Assistant Service
Programs of the head office
Expenditure Rs.
In making those risk assessments, the Auditor considers internal control relevant to the Company’s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
Pasbage Korale Pradeshiya Sabha
06. Mr. R. A. Chandrarathna
Allocation and Release of Block Grant 2010 – 2014
Number of requests to be referred to the Court at the beginning of 2014 - 1250
Sector
According to the loan files submitted to the audit, it was observed that proper approval had not been obtained for such loans.
(c) The training programmes targeted for holding under 09 sections within the period according to the Action Plan for the year 2012 had not been held as planned.
(a)
Grama Niladhari Activities
Water Supply - 9%
To implement government policies and programmes through Divisional Secretariats and other Government Institutions with the active participation of the private sector and non-governmental sector to raise the living standard of the people in the Ratnapura District.
Studios and Outdoor Telecasts
Other Gifts / Donations
In terms of the Presidential Elections Act, No. 15 of 1981, when the Commissioner of Elections is required by the Constitution to conduct the Presidential election.
Nov. 15-16
Disaster
Arrangements to hold the Prison Service Colours Medal Awarding Ceremony on 7th September 2014 at the BMICH
Name of the Road / Bridge: Ralkuli Bridge
(b) (i) I will take action to recalculate and account for assets that have been depreciated since the year 2012;
Value of stocks are determined on First In, First Out Method and purchasing cost and present position of stocks and all the expenses incurred until stocks are brought to the relevant place are applicable to all expenditures.
Development Officers of the District Secretariat and the Divisional Secretariat
Energy
16. Information Act LDO 4/ 2015
US$ million
Conversion of Foreign Exchange
Accountant (Sri Lanka Accountants’ Service - II/III)
Construction of LB Sluice: 23.9 %
03-12 months
Reducing Prison congestion
Revised allocation for year 2015 was Rs. 225.0 million
Brigadier G.W.P. Samaratunge - Chairman
Although the market pricing system was used to purchase office equipment, unregistered suppliers had been given more priority.
Deputy Director General
Net Result Savings/ Surplus
6. Assisting the people in times of disaster
It will be implemented to reduce congestion in prisons, provide easier access to justice for all, and reduce government costs.
Construction of the two Board of Investment approved factories with modern facilities for the apparel industries has been completed.
Name of the Road: Vallai Araly Road
C 2527
Conducting Mobile services
Mrs. R. A. S. W. Ranasinghe
Further, it was established that the quotations had not been opened on the same day as the date stamps of the Sabha sealed on the quotations were different from each other.
Don Myon Institute
To fulfill its role, the Ceylon Electricity Board has built a large physical asset base, including generators.
Consultant Radiologist, National Hospital of Sri Lanka, Colombo
1. Credit Risk
The courses, which are conducted by the Vocational Training Institutes
Retirement
Note (10) - Cash and Cash Equivalents (Rupees)
Projects 2011
Note (13) - Financial cost Rs.
The duration of each course is 15 weeks.
Preparing of the board containing “Nilwala Gate” fixed at the entrance of Matara express road, in trilingual
Concurrently with the “Vedikaven Maha Polowata” Drama Festival organized by the University of Sri Jayewardenepura, as per the request of its organizers, this three-day workshop to enjoy Nurthi songs was held throughout three days for university students and for those who appreciated and enjoyed Nurthi Songs.
Even though the physical progress of the rehabilitation of Moragoda Ela – main canal was expected to reach 65 per cent as at 31st December 2018, the actual progress remained at 19 per cent as at that date.
Legal work
Kalpitiya
Capital Project Expenses
(c) Even though a sum of Rs. 200,000 had been paid to an officer from June 2009 to August 2012 for the supervision of a building constructed at Batticaloa Regional College, provision for that had not been made in the agreement.
In the absence of payments as incidental expenses by the foreign Government or Donor Agency covering expenses such as travelling, airport taxes and telephone expenses incurred when an officer travels abroad for participation in a program, an amount of US $ 40 per day shall be paid for a maximum period of 30 days.
Rathnapura
Transport, Communications and Accessories
Arriving at a settlement with the Department of Inland Revenue on the payment of income tax
One of the bulk cement importers sought assistance of ITI to investigate the possibility of using the waste fly ash from Norrocholai Coal Power Plant as a raw material generated to produce cement.
“Samaye Geethaya” organized by the Children’s Foundation for National and Religious Harmony and “Sankalana Gee” organized by the Social Integration United Association
4.1 Total Employee Information of the Ministry of Sports for the year 2015
Sergeant Major (Orchestra)
This Programme was started with a view to promoting the bilingual skill of the general public and the state officers.
6.1 Financial Progress of the Development Projects
Repairing the pantry cupboards at the quarters in Amunukumbura Vocational Training Institute
Two members appointed by the President of Sri Lanka
(b) Trade stall rent amounting to Rupees 706,500 and service charges amounting to Rupees 360,845 had been in arrears from 57 trade stalls in the Kurunegala new shopping complex.
Sri Lanka Cement Corporation,
07. Statement of Changes in Equity
Delay in completing project activities on time
(D) Balangoda
Recruitments were made for 4 KKS posts and 4 driver posts.
Ensuring safety and health in workplaces
Mannar District Sports Festival held at Nanattan Public Stadium - 2014
Extent of newly planted Lands
3.2 Employment in State Owned Enterprises (SOEs)
The Ceylon Electricity Board enters into transactions, arrangements and agreements with the Government of Sri Lanka and its other related entities.
II. Rent
Study tour of the students of the Faculty of Graduate Studies, University of Sri Jayewardenepura
Moreover, computers and printing machines had been bought which are needed for Ministry’s policies, researches, and Supervision unit.
Students who pass these examinations are required to undergo a 06 month internship under an Attorney at Law with not less than 8 years of experience.
United Nations Population Fund
3.17. Special Development Programmes
Also, the Certificate Awarding Ceremony in relation to the 2nd semester 2014, was held in 2015 under the auspices of Hon. Minister, A. Mano Ganeshan.
Paranthan - Mullativu Road
6. Employee number
A sum of Rs. 590,587 had remained recoverable by the end of the year under review from 06 leased out assets belonging to the Sabha.
8. Dompe
(m) Value Added Tax amounting to Rupees 4,929,856 payable as at 31 December 2017 had not been brought to account.
Identification of Vehicles to be Disposed from the Public Institutions
Mr. Pujitha Kanchana Amarathunga
However, valuations for the last 03 years had been done with a delay of 01 to 03 years and late payments had been made for the years 2018/2019 with a delay of 44 days.
Property, plant and equipment
International Women's Day was commemorated by the LAC Centre, Hatton by holding three programmes in Hatton.
May - The arrival of Mr. Juan Miranda, Deputy Director-General of the South Asia Department of ADB and Mr. Hankmi, Deputy Director-General of the Asian Development Bank to review the projects under the Asian Development Bank financing
(i) Maximum limit of Expenditure (under 011)
8. Appointed a Committee to update the Journal of the Judges
4.1. Activities Fulfilled Parallel with the 2015 Action Plan
Name of Creditor (Name of Payee)
Web:
(a) Whether the systems and controls were adequate from the point of view of internal control so as to ensure a satisfactory control over Project management and the reliability of books, records, etc. relating to the operations of the Project,
Establishing a Sports Museum
Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from suppliers.
Chief Accounting Officer
Extensions
Building and Construction technology
Georgia
Land use
Ensure efficient utilization of human resources and budgetary provisions allocated to the department
No. 7, Philip Gunawardena Mawatha (Reid Avenue), Colombo 7, Sri Lanka
Election Secretariat
1.2. Comments on Financial Statements
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations given to me, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters referred to in paragraph 2.2 of this report, I am of opinion that,
Non-Project Grant Aid for Provision of Medical Equipment
In view of the amount of waste collected and the production of fertilizer in the year under review and in the preceding year, the amount of collected waste had decreased by 30 per cent and the production of fertilizer had decreased by 42 per cent.
Provision for Impairment of Work in Progress
“Only the participation of officers who have been promoted on limited or merit basis after joining public service before 01.07.2007 and completed 50 years of age as at 31.01.2017 or officers who have completed 50 years of age at the time of promotion on limited or merit basis after joining public service before 01.07.2007, in a language training course of which duration is 100 hours and conducted as per the syllabuses prepared on the directions of the Ministry of National Co-existence, Dialogue and Official Languages for the purpose of obtaining the competency in other official language prescribed for the higher post to which they are newly appointed.”
Source: District Election Secretariat, Batticaloa
Accidents details and inquiry reports of 10 Nos. of vehicles had not been rendered to Audit by Regional Director of Health Services for the period of year under review and preceding two years.
Kilinochchi
This fund was established in 1974 with the objective of improving the economies of developing countries.
The Hortorn plains is known as Maha Eliya Plains in Sinhalese.
Mr. A. C. M. M. Faalil
VI. To receive and consider proposals for the reform of the law
5.4 Procurement and Supplies Branch
xiii. To set up a unit in the Ministry to examine complaints against police officers
Final accounts for the year 2013
Implement, supervise and control the progress of the district budget program
7. Small Scale Development Projects
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st DECEMBER 2011
06. Secretary to the Ministry of Health, Nutrition and Indigenous Medicine
2.5.1 Arbitration of disputes
Therefore, the importation of 2,500 dairy cows by the proposed project will ensure the development of substantial quantities of milk and allied products.
Approved and Actual Cadre
Optimal utilization, promotion and promotion of high quality animal genetic resources to obtain high production capacity from livestock.
Granting of Special Leave during the Ramalan (Ramazan) Season 2013
Balances were not included erroneously.
Classical music program
Provide technical assistance to improve food security through the introduction of quinoa cultivation
In addition to providing such services, scientists expertise in different fields engage in this Department also functions as the scientific consultants to Government-sponsored institutions.
District and Divisional Survey Office - Polonnaruwa
Under the above project, The Ministry of Resettlement had approved the Water & Sanitation Project in 2014 and carried out the plan of construction of public wells, tube wells, and toilets in 05 Divisional Secretariat Divisions.
Action will be taken to recover the arrears.
State if these balances were settled as at the date of signing the report and if not, reason for not settling the balances.
Copies: 1. Secretary - Ministry of Botanic Gardens and Recreation
2nd Efficiency Bar Examination of SFAA
Investment - Fixed Deposit
Land Title Settlement Department,
Treasury bill Interest income
The court fines and stamp fees receivable as at 31 December of the year under review from the Chief Secretary of the Provincial Council and other authorities were Rs.10,012,768 and Rs.97,265,336 respectively.
1. Ratnapura
Medical Officers Training Center, Kopay
The main winch goes up to the level of 1132 feet and from there, has to travel up to 2000 feet by other winches.
Collection of Income (Financial Progress)
Report of the Chairman of the National Council for Elders - 2012
Korean Loan & Grant Assistance 2005-2014 (USD million)
Office Employees
Mundalama Sinhala Maha Vidyalaya
This was established in the Vavuniya District Secretariat on 03.11.2014.
Number of Pradeshiya Sabas: 17
Mrs. Shanthi Navukarasan, Director,Department of Hindu Religious and Cultural Affairs
(i)- Members of the Armed Forces and Police Force who have become disabled inaction and
This Project was commenced at a cost of 4.6 million and expected to expand urgently.
3.All District Secretaries
The eastern and north eastern parts of Sri Lanka are highly vulnerable to cyclones that develop in the Bay of Bengal during the months of November and December.
Total cost [g = (d + e + e)]
Sabaragamuwa / North Central / Uva / Eastern / Northern 5%
Commercial Printing Revenue
01. Delft
3250 Teachers from 773 Aranery Schools in 22 Districts namely Jaffna, Batticaloa, Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Kilinochchi, Mullaitivu, Ampara, Kegalle, Matale, Badulla, Puttalam, Trincomalee, Ratnapura, Kaluthara, Polonnaruwa, Colombo, Kurunagala, Galle, Matara, Gampaha, Mannar and Vavuniya have been paid the allowance this year.
State Accounts Circular No. 249/2016 (i)
If any Ministry/Department or District Secretariat has procured goods or services from another state or private institution during the year 2017, action should be taken to settle and account the relevant bills on or before 31st December 2017.
(c) Control over Assets
Vellaveli
During the year, only one new wind power plant of a total capacity of 4.8 MW was connected to the grid.
10. Maintenance Board of the Elders
S.A.Piyasena
Information on the estimated revenue, billed revenue, collected revenue, and revenue in arrears, presented relating to the year under review and the preceding year, is given below.
Balance as at 01.01
(b) Debtors and Creditors
Sri Lankans working as one united Sri Lankan nation is vital for our development journey.
Friday, 11 August, 2017
09-5 Contractual Services
Contractor & Consultant Mobilising to Site.
Office Worker Service
Expand the project into other districts
Number of cases pending as at 31.12.2014
Table 8: Provincial Requests on Other Recurrent Expenditure – 2016
When a passport is obtained on one day service, only the charges for obtaining a passport in normal procedure shall be reimbursed.
Up to 31st December 2014 in the Department
Raveendra Samaraweera
Textile Village Establishment Program
Director S. L. A. S.
Accounting standard: SL Accounting Standard 09
The establishment of the automatic fingerprint detection system was held at the Diyata Kirula Development Exhibition 2014.
In case of applicants residing outside Colombo, a letter of request furnishing a fax number to send the admission card shall be sent along with above documents whilst keeping a copy.
Special Unit
In addition to all public awareness programmes conducted in the previous years through electronic and print media, necessary measures were taken by the Commissioner of Elections to make the general public aware about the enumeration of electors on the revision of electoral registers for the year 2014 by declaring 01st of June  every year as the “Voters’ Day” and launching various awareness programmes in the Elections Secretariat and at district level.
Training Program on Legal Provisions related to Public Service
Preparation of the Annual Capital Budget Estimates for the Ministry
GE 2 - 2016
Among the functions assigned to the Ministry, the following functions are of utmost importance to the field of rural development.
(b) From the Officers who transferred to Provincial Councils (Annexure 3.3)
Rs. 6.40 Million + 15.21 Million
3.5 Uneconomic Transactions
Compared to that, the total actual receipt was Rs. 15.5 billion.
Legal Division - Representation in Courts on behalf of people who are unable to seek justice
Operating Profit
T. P. - 011-2883935
3. Precise leveling and setting out of benchmarks for check survey at Kasalri dam
An underground powerhouse is located at Niyamgamdora, (2 km upstream of the confluence of Puna Oya and Kotmale Oya) to house two units of 77000 kW turbines, two vertical axes three-phase 88,000 kVA generators, two three-phase transformers, and a 220 kV Gas Insulator Switchgear substation.
Projects provided by Divi Neguma Social Development Banking Association
10.3 Official Foreign Tours
The Financial statements are in compliance with the requirements of the Sri Lanka Financial Reporting Standards / Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
Therefore,the Ministry of Finance and Mass Media is in the process of developing a database in consultation with all the government agencies.
Providing all allowances to employees
Cadre Review- 2017
Office of the Hon. Minister
A different level of authority is delegated for credit approval.
Languages classes which are being conducted from 2014
Collecting Information from Ambalangoda Divisional Secretariat under collecting Information related to the Intangible cultural heritage.
Margin (100 base numbers)
There was a surplus of 19 Development Officer Posts and one office worker.
No. of complaints received in 2014
Development of Rehabilitation of Prisoners Qualitatively
Both sides also agreed that after finalization of the studies and consultation with the stakeholders, negotiations towards a potential PTA/FTA or any other institutional mechanism may be initiated.
Water samples are tested twice a year and groundwater levels are monitored.
Intentions
Skills evaluation of Dhamma School students at regional Sasanarakshaka Balamandala level, district level, and All Island level.
CONTACT PERSONS:
Court Commission Surveys
Ireland
Food and Agriculture Organization
Industry and Environment
Leather products
Message Subject:
Rubber plant nurseries of the Department as well as private rubber plant nurseries were established for that purpose.
Minister of Labour and Labour Relation
District Officers have made arrangements to distribute cheques in respect of housing aid under the patronage of the Governors and the  beneficiaries were educated by this project.
2. The Department of State Accounts is required to compile the monthly Consolidated Accounting statements for a particular month before the 10th of the following month.
3. 6. 1 Supplies and Services
Awareness for the Community
Progress of interviews conducted from 01.01.2014 to 31.12.2014
Translation of Tripitaka into simple Sinhala
It has not been brought to accounts in the ledger as Rs. 791,448/- out of that amount was spent by this institution and the rest of Rs. 221,552/- was directly spent by Help Age Institution.
The Third BIMSTEC Summit, 14th BIMSTEC Ministerial Meeting and the 16th BIMSTEC Senior Officials’ Meeting was held from 1-4th March in Nay Pyi Taw, Myanmar.
10. Construction of Quazi Court at Saindamarudu
11. National Minimum Wages of works Act LDO 51/ 2015
In the year 2014, LSL has imported 235,000 MT of rice to avoid the shortage of rice in the local market.
Mahajana Eksath Peramuna
Higher National Diploma Course in Design (2010 - 2012) (Week-days)
Number of Community Deeds Issued
Verite Research was contracted to conduct a comprehensive institutional needs assessment within the penal chain institutions.
5.3. Progress of Development Activities
Service Level
Memorandum of Understanding on the establishment of the BIMSTEC Cultural Industries Commission and BIMSTEC Cultural Industries Observatory
VAT control A/C
Walasmulla
Flow
Fixed Assets
2. Development & Rendering free service programmes
The Phase III, commenced in the middle of this year and it envisages the construction of 300 buildings in 47 Police Divisions.
The salary cost was treated as non refundable fixed cost and is not relevant here.
Machinery, Tools and Equipment of the Common Facility Centre have been revalued at its market value.
Tested 500 soil samples collected from salinity affected areas of five Districts from Northern province.
Even though the valid period of those agreements had expired on 31 May 2017, action had not been taken to update them even by November 2019.
As such, the objective of the scope of Southern Development is to uplift the community life and promote the economy of the Southern region utilizing the economic resources in the Southern region in a sustainable manner.
Simultaneous Activities Concurrent to the Action plan of 2015
Dr. Jayanthawatte Vitharana of the Open University of Sri Lanka delivered a special lecture to school children invited on the occasion of “World Environment Day” on 6th June 2014
At such occasions, action should be taken in the following manner.
A new uniform for female officers consisting of a long pair of trousers and a short sleeve shirt in addition the presently worn skirt was introduced, so that they on par with female officers of foreign police services.
06 February - 08 February
Since it is in an unusable condition, arrangements will be made to repair it in the future.
Cost: Rs. 1,272,830.63
Danvella Training Centre - Kurunegala
T.P.-0112883926-28
Mr.I.H.M.  Dasanayaka
Electoral District No. 20
"Language Path Plan" can be introduced as a major program sponsored by the National Languages Project.
The vacancies of 29 posts and an excess of 01 post had existed in the Sabha as at the end of the year under review and 04 employees had been deployed in service on casual/ contract basis.
10. Nuwaragampalatha - Central
Rehabilitation and Improvement of Capital Assets
This needs to include both the ongoing projects and government priority projects.
(g) Whether the financial statements had been prepared on the basis of Sri Lanka Accounting Standards, and
Letters
In addition, it is expected to provide 2.0 million cubic meters per year of domestic water supply to the villages and new settlers around the reservoir, provide 4.28 GWh of hydro-electricity to the national grid and improve the livestock and infrastructure of the area is expected.
Further, according to paragraph 2.12 of the contract agreement, the contractor is required to provide a computerized maintenance system and computerized Register of Asset.
Assistant Director (Planning)
Source of Funding
3.4 Human Resources Development
It is my great pleasure to submit the performance and Accounts Report of the District Secretariat Mannar for the year 2014.
Grant as well as interest-free loans are provided by the Government of China, the Export-Import Bank of China (EXIM), the China Development Bank (CDB), and the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC).
Project 1 - General Administration and Institutional Services – District Secretariat.
Allocation – Rs 24,167 Million
4 Chapter
Green Anaconda (Eunectes murinus) - Sex: 1:6
NASDA provisions
As per the agreement between France’s CFI institute and the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation, it was initially scheduled to provide expertise only for 02 workshops.
Design and construction of a building complex at Seeduwa, Negombo Road for the National Institute of Social Development (NISD)
Applications were called by a newspaper advertisement.
Added: Non-operational Income
Rehabilitation Project of Kilinochchi Water Supply Scheme
The Cement Factory at Kankesanthurai which was established in 1950 under the Department of Industries was converted to a Public Corporation in 1956 under the provisions of the Government-Sponsored Corporations Act No.19 of 1955 and reconstituted as Kankesanthurai Cement Works.
07. Kegalle
An amount of Rs.3,917,570.38 had been spent on the dry rations provided for the people who were affected.
The Group dispatches newspapers, periodicals and magazines to the news agents, street sellers, corporate institutions and to individuals.
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
The protection, conservation and management of aquatic life is important in the development of water resources in watersheds.
Health and Education
CO 34
Towers with high-tension Electricity 10%
The Date on Which the Records were Sent
Issuing of Elders ID Cards and Mobile Services conducted in that regard
Proposed 220 kV Transmission line Project from Anuradhapura to Mannar via Vavunia
Last Updated on Thursday, 03 November 2016 05:42
A detailed study on the quality and quantity of the aquifer mentioned above was conducted in the years 2012-2014.
Furniture and equipment
1. Performance of the Department of Public Enterprises
Accountant
A sum of Rupees 22,306,971 had remained without being settled for over a year out of the payable accounts balances amounting to Rs. 128,560,752 as at 31 December 2017.
Dismissals
Physical performance as at 31 December 2018
Pallekele
As per the provisions in the said para when the employees, who have been recruited to service categories mentioned under (d), (e), (f) and (g) on temporary, casual (on daily wages),substitute, contract or relief basis, are confirmed in the posts they should have passed G.C.E.(O/L) in at least six(06) subjects with Language or Literature and Mathematics at one sitting.
The works of Design Consultant had not commenced until the business plan is completed.
23 November - 04 December
However, the value of unsold books as at 31 December 2013 had not been ascertained and brought to accounts.
(d) According to the accounting policies of the Company, provision for depreciation should be calculated on reducing balance method.
Commence Commercial Production:
Prices and winning cups were awarded for first, second and third place thereby.
Further, the directors have a responsibility to ensure that the company maintains sufficient accounting records to disclose, with reasonable accuracy the financial position of the company.
Inclusion of Foreign Debt on behalf of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka in the "Horizon" Debt Management and Analysis System created by the Commonwealth
Our Division publishes a Statistical Manual containing the Population, Housing, Education, Health, Fisheries, Roads and various other information in the District.
Exhibitions
Improving marketing strategies to generate more funds for the development of health, agriculture and education sectors
Due to the damage caused to houses during the flood disasters that occurred in the District of Batticaloa in 2012,2013 and 2014, the Ministry of Disaster Management has provided Rs. 47,620,000.00 of the financial allocation and 2600  houses and 09 safe houses were completed.
8.1 Local Authorities Elections Ordinance (Chapter 262) as amended by the Local Authorities Elections (Amendment) Act No. 01 of 2002
The total government expenditure in 2014 was Rs. 2,602 billion of which, recurrent expenditure accounted for 52.6 percent or Rs. 1,370 billion while capital expenditure accounted for 22.9 percent or Rs. 596 billion.
Established as the Department of National Botanic Gardens in 2006
2.0 Amended 3.14
5. Sending a report in this regard to this Ministry and other related divisions
(E) Wariyapola
Aggregated Disallowable Items
National Disaster Relief Services Center
Carrying out special investigations when necessary.
Mr. Edward Jayakody
District of the Nursery
1. 15th Senior National Archery Championships
Establishing and maintaining a sound financial accounting system including cash management
No. of unauthorized occupants evicted
Silumina
Re-settlement
Heads of Administrative Divisions,
The reason for the vacancy
Utilizing labor resources is also a specialty of Mantai Salt Company.
Electricity & Water
Procurement deposit
Associate Officers
Reconstruction of microprocessor-based control subsystems in M9 class power trains
Trade and economic relations with the USA, the EU, China, India, Pakistan, Japan, Vietnam, USA, Russia and former Soviet Union countries, African and Middle East Region have become key in that respect.
2 kilometers
Mrs. S. Hurathalee
V. The simplification and modernization of the law
Public Administration (Establishment Code)
Security
Head, Engineering Services
Decrease in accidents in the backdrop of growth in the population and the resultant increase in the number of vehicles on roads is a positive sign.
23. Auditors
Details in respect of grants received had not been made available for audit.
The Company's functional currencies in respect of certain services rendered is USD and other foreign currencies and  Certain trade receivables & payables are denominated in foreign currencies.
Kudagoda Bopage Sarath Rupasena
Sports festivals and art festivals were organized during the year which was beneficial for the employees.
7. Address of the residence from where the applicant reports for duty:-
5.4 Sports Schools Development Project
Allocation of money to Divisional Secretaries for development of land earmarked for distribution among war heroes in collaboration with the Divisional Secretariat.
Diploma Course
Mr. S. S. Pubudu Sanjeewa
No. of completed  projects
Providing Awareness for District Elders Board Members
Paintings
Decrease in Over Provision for Doubtful Loans
The Library consists of handbooks, data, user surveys, library references, survey information, product guidelines, application notes, design-oriented text books, latest review journals, encyclopedias, dictionaries, directories, CDs, databases, audiovisual aids and parameters.
03. Further, it is informed to send requests through the head of the institution to revise the probation period of the officers who pass the efficiency bar examination as per 02 above, and whose salary increments are deferred.
14. 33rd Commemoration Ceremony of Rukmani Devi
The services rendered to the Department of Elections by all of these, who retired  are appreciated.
The above mentioned activities amply illustrate that the Authority has made a commendable contribution during the past eight years for the attainment of the objectives for which it was established.
Assets under the 'Food Distribution Advance' account
The jurisdiction in respect of Fundamental Rights
As it is located on a land of 23 acres, it is not possible to expand its space further according to the increasing number of tourists.
06. Creating job opportunities and promoting the economy by taking measures to improve the sports industry
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year(Note I)
Should be separately listed as follows.
Deepavali musical programmes,
Permanent
Ceylon Ceramics Corporation - 2012
The Government of Sri Lanka directly controls the Ceylon Electricity Board.
With regard to the revision of the year 2015, 74,696 claims and 1111 objections were received by District Registering Officers under the exhibition of “A” and “B” lists of each electoral district.
Government of Sri Lanka Freight Charges, Charter Hire, Container Rent and Clearing & Forwarding and Other Charges, Repayment of Grants Received, Office Rent Received
4. Department of Public Enterprises (PED)’s Contribution to Improve Performance of State Owned Enterprises
Number of Animals
In addition to that, the Department earns a considerable income from the sale of maps prepared on the requests of customers and the number of such maps in 2014 is 150.
Initially, from November 1, 2007, the Institute came under the purview of the Ministry of Constitutional Affairs and National Integration.
V. Delivering a brief speech by the Head of the Institution, on the necessity of ensuring the prompt, honest and unwavering contribution of all members of the staff, in the effort of transforming Sri Lanka as an Emerging Economy in Asia, as the concluding event of the programme.
Total period in the Government Service
The District Secretariat can be introduced as its main administrative body.
An age analysis of the balance of the Refundable Deposits Account as at 31 December 2012 amounting to Rs. 17,136,884 had not been furnished to audit.
Annex 3:  Allocation and Release of Province Specific Development Grant 2010 – 2014
Current Ratio (Times)
Strategic Support - Formal Disaster Management Program 2014 - 2018
Governmental & Non-Governmental Sectors
Old newspapers
Panduwasnuwara Pradeshiya Sabha
A 'Government Audit Division' consisting of audit staff of the Auditor General's Department has been established in the Department.
Entrepreneurship Development Program Implemented for the Educated Youth of Sri Lanka
Testing and quality control of construction materials,
Audit and Management Committee
Number of officers participated
Issuance of press releases to make the public aware of the policy decisions taken by the Ministry of Finance and Planning and Treasury Departments
2. Secretary to the Prime Minister- F. I. Pls.
4:2 All-Island School Drama Competition - 2011 Awards Ceremony
Expected percentage
1st Preference (Industrial Estate):
ADB's full agreement for 2014 is US $ 513 million.
Line convert (km)
As a result, the core business revenue of the Company has increased by 27 percent.
He joined the Sri Lanka Administrative Service in 2014 and is currently serving as the Assistant Director (Development) of the Development and Planning Division of this Ministry.
This unit is responsible for  the President’s coverage including local and international official tours of the President; the provision of technical assistance for the usage of the Telepromptor at the speeches given by the President in special occasions;  televising the development activities taking place around the country;  and the  excellent progress of these development projects, telecasting News Alerts.
Tractor Operator 03
Mrs. S.M. Madurawala
Training Program on Public Financial Management
Promote long-term ethical relationships with the stakeholders who are interested in development through true and fair dealings
Athuraliya
Wholesale value is calculated as the minimum value of both the cost and the net achievable value.
Thymine Hydrochloride
Prepare and submit necessary observations
Co-operative Department Staff Officer's Thrift and Credit Co-operative Society Ltd.
If you must prepare to evacuate:
CO 22
The Financial Statements have been prepared on historical cost basis and the adjustments for the revaluation of lands, buildings and machinery have been mentioned in Accounts.
At present, the traditional and youth community in Kandy, Badulla, Ratnapura, Kegalle, Galle, Matara and Kalutara districts where the kithul industry is prevalent are encouraged to focus on this industry.
Donations of the World Health Organization
This test facility would enable conducting testing of RCCBS / MCBS as per SLS 1099/IEC 610008-1.
Holding of the Presidential Election and the Parliamentary Election in the year 2015 has directly caused the increase of recurrent expenses.
Planning and supervising development projects
Property Development
a. Identification of landless war heroes and their families
A local sports society attends to the maintenance and administration thereof and the income generated from it is sufficient to cover expenses.
Mrs. W. M. Wathsala
01 Discussion regarding the Disciplinary procedure held at Polgolla NICD 09.08.2014 07
Maintaining and servicing of Air conditioners, fax machines and computers owned by the Ministry
3.5. Joint Working Group on Trade with Bangladesh
Hon. Minister of Technology & Research
Capital and reserves
xiv. To determine the authority to acquire the fixed assets
21. Held to Maturity Investments
Travelling & subsistence
Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation 2014
Staff employed in the Accounts Division
10. Provisions in section 214,215,216, and 217 in Procedural Rules of Public Services Commission published in the Gazette Extra Ordinary No. 1589/30 shall be applied in the implementation of annual transfers.
Retention – Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation employees
(c) Payments are made only on the due date of each month.
Project Management (Divisional Secretariat - Karandeniya)
(a) The evidence indicated against the following items appearing in the financial statements had not been furnished to audit.
Income from Projects
13. Substantial Shareholding
Journey to and from the Middle Income Status – The Challenges for Public Sector Managers - China
2. Director General - Department of Treasury Operation
Strengthening of the Communication System between the Police Headquarters and Police Stations
Gonapinuwala Manampita culvert
To reduce non-technical loss, the Energy Management Unit of the distribution division 3 carries out programs to improve the metering connections of bulk transformers.
But it does not intend to express an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trust’s internal control.
However action had not been taken up to the month of February 2013 to renew the agreement entered into with that Institute on 04 October 2005.
A district job fair held at the Anula Vidyalaya in Nugegoda in July.with the aim of finding jobs for unemployed youth in the public and private sector with the participation of the Department of Manpower.
Internal Auditor
Certain significant statistics relating to the financing, budgetary provision for the year under review, and the utilization of funds during the year under review and up to 31 December 2017 are shown below.
Inspection and Maintenance of Pamphlet Books
However, the details on achievement of targets under each activity had not been measured and shown in the progress reports.
Multipurpose Buildings
Public Management Assistant II
Submerged control systems
Effective and efficient distribution of information and ensuring the supply of technological service
3.2 Important Places
Equity
Physical Resources and Financial Transactions in 2014 15-20
Cairo
Asi Disi Puwath,
Other Operating Income (4)
Cash flow generated from operational activities
The same data base has been updated and included in the internet and arrangements have been made to use this data system for all administrative officers through the internet in 2015.
(i)- Members of the Armed Forces and Police Force who have become disabled in action and
1.6 Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Maintenance of the Vehicle Movement and Maintenance System with upgrades as and when required
IV. Retirement Benefits Obligation
Trade Payables
Total Current Liabilities
Coordination of all printing work
Earth Back Filling 82% completed and Grouting 96% completed.
Listeners were made aware of the programmes through pre-news announcements.
07 rubber plant nurseries owned by the Department have been established in 05 districts and assistance was provided for their development activities during this year.
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1.3 of this report, the financial statements, in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting principles, give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Panduwasnuwara Pradeshiya Sabha as at 31 December 2017 and its financial performance for the year then ended.
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1.3 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Galgamuwa Pradeshiya Sabha as at 31 December 2017 and its financial performance for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
Interest on deposits
Visitors Waiting Hall  100 %
Government and non-government institutional staff
Land Administration
Manamendra Patabendige Leelasena
Amounts due to Related Parties
Not less than 40% marks should be obtained for passing this examination.
The Ministry of Law and Order was established for the mere purpose of taking responsibility in the task of maintaining public order and establishing the rule of law in the country in view of the distinctive nature of such task.
Mission of the Department
Asian Sevens Series Rugby Tournament - China
Application form for Amendment to the Registration - CWC
CO 10
For the year ending December 31st
High Jump (Female)
Presently DMC is functioning within the purview of the Ministry of Disaster Management and Human Rights in collaboration with Ministries, Line Departments, Public Corporations; Provincial Councils, Local Authority Administration as well as District, Division and Grama Niladhari administration.
Distribution and progress of development investments in the Ministry of Sports as at 31.12.2015
II. For medicines purchased on the recommendation of the consultants (only during the time of hospitalization)
Treasury Detailed Accounts Statement
Acquisition
Yan Oya Project
The Board of Directors has continuously recognized the important role played by the shareholders towards the Company.
Development activities of government nurseries
This Plan was implemented jointly by 36 Ministries and 70 governmental and non-governmental institutions.
According to the National Policy of Persons with Disabilities, protecting their rights, while empowering disabled persons in knowledge and skills to enable them to enjoy their rights and perform their duties and responsibilities in the manner of contributing them towards the national development within the prevailing socio-economic system
Name of Contract: Rehabilitation / Improvements to B347 Road from Vallai to Araly (0+000 to 27+400 km)
Mr. D. M. K. M. Premathilaka
To uplift the living standard of the people of the District through successfully harnessing the physical and human resources.
Approval for Departmental Procurement Committee recommendations
The Institute contributes 3% on the salary of each employee to the Employee Trust Fund.
1.2 Implementation, Objectives, Funding and Duration of the Project
The estimate has been approved.
Your attention is hereby drawn to the provisions in Chapter xviii of Procedural Rules (volume 1) published in the Gazette Extraordinary of the Public Services Commission no 1589/30 dated 20.02.2009 on transfers of public officers.
Certificate Course in English Language
1.4 Functions
PROFIT & LOSSES
Benefited Parents
Granting cover approval for the 1st resolution referred to in paragraph 4 of the memorandum and approving the 2nd and 3rd proposals mentioned in paragraph 4 of the memorandum.
She obtained a Post Graduate Diploma in Management from the University of Rajarata and Post Graduate Diploma in Economic Development from the University of Colombo.
This method ensures that the vehicles operated more efficiently with minimum mileage and that the customer requests are fulfilled without undue delays.
Reconstruction of five bridges in Eastern Province: 2 Years
Income earned from the interests paid on fixed deposits has been accounted in the accrued Method.
Cost - 98.96
Archival Law
Clearing forest for electric fencing - Km. 48
- Galle
Whether the Company has performed according to its powers, functions, and duties.
Name of the Receiver
Nominated Programmes at Awards Ceremonies
Based on that information, the National Insurance Trust Fund should release the relevant insurance benefits."
Other 11%
1.2 Implementation, Objectives, Funding and Duration of the Project
(d) set out the concisely in duty numbered paragraphs the ground of appeals.
Even though 1 per cent of the sales price should be recovered when selling allotted lands, only 1 per cent of the estimated sales price had been recovered.
99% of fixing of the spillway gates has been completed.
Add
1. Vocational Training Authority
(a) Due to the application of SLFRSs, revaluation surplus of the assets derecognized has been transferred to retained earnings.
Physical Fitness Tests
Few Classes approved in 2012 and 2013 are also included in these figures.
Financial Progress of the Department of Immigration and Emigration
Authority to incur Expenditure
Thermal Energy Audit
Photographs -
Overstated the net cash generated from operating activities
It came into effect on 1st of January 2006.
No additional provisions will be made for new projects / new expenditures that have not been approved or addressed at the time of budget preparation in the year 2017.
Physical Progress – 75%.
Many people were benefited including empowerment of marginalize groups through carrying out activities regarding the educational, economic infrastructure facilities development, enhancing mutual understanding and confidence and raising awareness on social integration.
In performing these tasks, the Ministry needs to interact with public sector organizations and bilateral and multilateral agencies.
Agricultural Cultivation in Galle District
Encouraging the methods of treatment on drug users, rehabilitation work, and services related to treatments
The appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Management are evaluated.
Computers and fixtures
The copies of the Survey Board Reports had not been furnished to the Auditor General.
Translator (Sinhala- Tamil)
The inaugural ceremony will be held with the participation of the Director of the Divi Neguma Development Department, Mrs. Chandima Manamperi and the Training Officer of the National Institute of Social Development, Mr. B. K. S. Karunaratne.
Balance Sheet Highlights and Ratios (As at Balance Sheet Date)
50 Mrs. T. M. S. Dinushika, P. M. S. III
All Secretaries to Ministries,
(ii) Mandate of the agency
(b) The estimated production of tiles, bricks and other material by the 05 operating factories in the year under review had been 9,573,366.
Receiving additional provisions
Fax - 011 2883929
The Corporation prepares its financial statements in accordance with the Sri Lanka Accounting Standards (‘SLFRS’) issued by the Institute of Charted Accountants of Sri Lanka and the requirements of Sri Lanka and the requirements of Sri Lanka Accounting and Auditing Standards Act No. 19 of 1995.
Joss-stick and candle production
Actions had been taken by considering the rewards paid as one off payment, but in the cases of payment in several instances, those had not been accumulated and the final amount of tax that should be charged had not been computed.
As an attorney for persons absent from Sri Lanka for the purpose of receiving and paying money
The Court of Appeal has appellate and revisionary jurisdiction over the decisions of the courts of the first instance, Jurisdiction of Labour Tribunals and other statutory bodies follow within the powers of the Court of Appeal.
A new System Control Centre with the capability to monitor and control the switchgear at 132/220 kV grid substations and Power stations in our power system is to be established under Lot 1 of Package A.
(b) Accounts Payable
Technical Development
Ministry Name: Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration
Non-current liabilities
Import and Export License Fees
Creating a better work environment leads to working as a team and developing employee skills.
This information is necessary for supply and demand analysis and future planning.
5.4 Accounts Division
A significant programme called ‘Rividina Arunella’ was produced with the national objective of motivating the community to the field of agriculture and was launched as a Web Cast.
Policy formulation, guidance and facilitation to effectively implement the Government's Official Language Policy with the aim of building  a socially integrated trilingual society.
To conduct the above language courses island wide, the services of an experienced resource pool was obtained.
Water management
It was called Mangala Thotupola (ferry) at that time, but in the later period the Tamil word Pudu + Alavi (New Salt Production Zone) came to be used as Puddalam - Puttalam.
No. of Participants/Representatives
Retirement Benefit Obligations
ii.  Ensure the conservation of Sri Lanka’s biological resources
Although Mr. Kabeer retired on 07.09.2015 on attaining the age of 60 years, he is still serving as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections (Acting) of the Puttalam District.
Estimated value
United Nations Economic Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP)
Total Local Governance Institute
Empowering workshops of Voluntary groups and Swashakthi (self-reliance) groups
Mr. M.R.V.R.Meepura
Non Tax Revenue and Others
All together 488 packages identified by ID with an estimated value of Rs 6,326.8 million.
iv. Printing Affairs
(conducting of language audits, examinations and surveys)
Ibbagamuwa
Cost - 3.86
Hence action is taken to provide the human and physical resources and legal provisions required.
Satisfactory measures had been taken by the Management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year's Audit Report, and the financial covenants laid down in the Grant Agreement had been complied with.
Value (U.S.D.)
C 744
The six month Certificate Course in Special Education Teaching Methods conducted by the Training Division of the National Institute of Social Development was conducted for 21 Vocational Instructors of the Department of Social Services.
According to Circular No. M.O.F.P/E.R.D./2007/2 of 07 August 2007 of the Ministry of Finance and Planning, the financial statements of the Program for the year ended 31 December 2017 must be submitted to the Auditor General on or before 31 March 2018.
Ministry of Land Policy - Recurrent
Full provisions have been made for gratuities to be paid under the Gratuity Payments Act No. 12 of 1983.
Finland
Civil Pensions
Conducted Varietal Adaptability Trail in Rice to identify a suitable variety for Mannar and Kilinochchi Districts.
As at 31st December 2014, the additional provisions given through the TMV were transferred to the spending heads amounting to Rs. 87.81 billion.
Financial Progress of the Ministry
Fix the date on which the poll shall be taken, being a date “not less than four weeks and not more than six weeks” from the date of nomination.
Asiri Rodrigo Bestiyan Koralage Randeer
Total Revenue of the Department of National Zoological Gardens from 2007 to 2014
Cash flow from operating activities
3.6.2 Supplies and Services
Implement a special programme to provide safe drinking water and sanitary facilities to all schools where such facilities are not available
Adjustment to Subsequent Reversal Recognized in the Comprehensive Income
2.2 Carrying out the administrative activities of the District and Divisional Secretariats
I believe that the Audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my qualified opinion.
I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my qualified audit opinion.
Prize Giving
Revisions made with regard to Disciplinary Inquiry Officers published by Public Administration Circulars
Sri Lanka Tea Board
Sri Lanka Athletics Association
With the gradual transformation of Sri Lanka into a middle-income economy in 2010, the composition and nature of foreign finance from Western countries and credit agencies have changed significantly.
Nevertheless the Cabinet of Ministers had, on 01 November 2012, approved the payment of compensation from Treasury provisions for the purpose of preserving the International Image of Sri Lanka and accordingly the sum of Rs. 38,704,668 equivalent to the US$ 300,000 due to that Company had been paid in the year under review by utilizing Bank Loan Facilities.
1. The Role of the Finance Commission and Its Major Responsibilities
Human Resource Development
3.8 District Statistics
Accordingly, in order to render an effective service to the people in the province, a office of the Department was opened in the premises of Vavuniya District Secretariat under the patronage of Hon. Minister of Plantation Industries.
Workshop
The Cabinet Sub Committee then goes through the recommendations of the Officials of the Committee and makes their own recommendations.
Required additional provisions for this purpose should be obtained through supplementary estimates.
Best Supporting Actress - Nominee
The total number of control points completed
(J) Kaduwela
Your attention is drawn to Section 16, Chapter XII of the Establishments Code.
Preparing the iron net at the Ketawala Institute
All these reservoirs are under the control of the Agrarian Services Department and the Provincial Councils.
Hospitals - Trincomalee, Galle,Peradeniya.
Carpentry Courses
1.4. Details of the Cadres
Deemed Dividend Tax
(Eg: Jaffna Electoral district by combining Jaffna and Kilinochchi districts and Vanni electoral district by combining Mannar, Vavuniya, and Mullaitivu administrative Districts.
Vote - 105-02-02-1-2105, 105-02-03-22-2502
Projects completed during the period from 01.01.2014 to 31.12.2014
The Children's Day was commemorated by the UNDP in Mullaitivu by launching several programmes in October 2014.
Downloads:
Ordination of young children and their higher ordination
This is a project being implemented to introduce modern information technology to the Police Department aimed at developing the information and communication system of the Department.
Awarding Citizenship to Persons of Indian Origin
Implementation/ Launch of the Project
Directing provinces to identify projects with community participation so as to minimize the development disparities based on the principles of ‘demand driven approach’ to minimize the intra-provincial disparities.
New marriage registrations
Conducted at Mahawa, Ehala Sri SutharnaramaVihara, Puttalam from 26.07.2014 to 27.07.2014.
f. LKAS 32 - Compound financial instruments, since the Company does not have compound financial instruments.
Parliamentary Secretariat, Madiwela
1.4 Going Concern
6. Kandy
Iravur Pattu
7. Providing uniforms to Ahadiya Teachers Island wide, providing allowance for library books, conducting training programs for Ahadiya Teachers and introducing syllabus for Ahadiya schools.
Mahawewa
Restored and improved livelihood, economic infrastructure, and administrative and legal services in conflict-affected areas.
Collected as at 31.12.2013
At this Presidential Election, preparation of results was done in three ways namely, tabulation of the result and preparation of the result by a group of staff officers manually at the Elections Secretariat, preparation of the computerized result by the University of Colombo School of Computing by using computers and in addition to that the scanned copies of the district results were collected and the result was prepared at the Computer branch of the Elections Secretariat.
12 Accountant S.L.Ac.S. I/II/III
Computer Diploma Training
Actual Expenditure 2014 (Rs. Cents)
This fault has been noted down to rectify at the time of preparing the final account 2013.
W. G. M. G. Dayawansa
Department of Election
Premium – medical insurance scheme
2. Comments on Financial Statements
Retirees who are permanent residents of the Mannar District but living abroad have had their payments suspended since September 2014 due to problems with the authenticity of the documents sent by them to all the five Divisional Secretariats regarding the payment of pensions.
The organization of the national competitions is handled by the Department in association with the National Centre of Religious Guidance.
Levied Penal Charges from Notaries
Developing new models in divisional services can be mentioned as a programme aimed to make the effective implementation of the Official Language Policy more meaningful through the development of relevant model institutions.
The value of one human day is Rs. 600.00
Action should be taken in compliance with the Circular.
Allowing the misuse of public funds and engaging in fraudulent activities
The Company had resulted a net profit of Rs.3,736,386,777.
Receipts from the Treasury
Department of Financial Development
Thirteen  industrialists are in commercial production at the Nalanda Industrial Estate,
Animals used for recreation
A Procurement Plan had not been prepared for the year under review and without having such a Procurement Plan capital, expenditure amounting to Rs.40 million had been incurred by the Company during the year under review.
Maintenance of Lawn mowers
Shanthi Navukarasan
Mahagona Wewa
S.G.O. Colombo
(b) Action had not been taken to tender and award 05 leased properties during the year under review; the minimum bids of which totaled Rs. 1,086,104.
(d) Details pertaining to direct credit are not available as depositors have not given any information.
(j) Receipts in advance amounting to Rupees 260,004 omitted from the financial statements of the preceding year had not been brought to the accounts in the year under review.
A judgement for the case DMR/ 03128/08 was given agreeing to pay the amount of Rs. 3,340,715.06 arrears of store rental for Matara Meddawatta, Badulla and Narahenpita in 18 installments by Sri Lanka Consumer Co-operative Society.
In 2014, technical training was imparted to 745 entrepreneurs.
(i) The value of a motor bicycle belonging to the Council (Sabha) had not been assessed and brought to account.
Friday, 15 January 2010, 00:00
An experiment was initiated with the objective of increasing onion true seed production by seed treatment with KNO3.
It was also found that Hα emissions with small EWs (EW<-10A) have photospheric absorption line wings on both side of the profiles.
Total Number of Students 2014
Hurubuhuti,
Coordinating Secretary
Budget 2018
Supervision of the administrative and financial activities of the district secretariat as well as divisional secretariats is one of the duties performed by the District Secretary.
Book exhibition
National Housing Development Authority
KIDNEY TRANSPLANT
18 letters of recommendation which should be issued in obtaining of letters of credit have been issued during the year 2015 to the Department of Police and Special Task Force.
Curtains 50%
Mrs. H. M. P. Hewavitharane
The financial statements, for the reporting period ended 31 March 2013, are the first financial statements prepared in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards (SLFRSs).
Name of the project
Career Path Program
Mrs. H.N.L. Jayasinghe
Prefabricated Building  Project
5.8 DISASTER MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
Carrying out activities related to the coordination between Lake House and the Department of Wildlife Conservation regarding the printing of "Wanadivi Sariya" newspaper.
4.5  Prevention of Corruption and Raids
Providing necessary information through publications, seminars, workshops and library facilities to craftsmen, traders, and others involved in the handicraft sector
Sri Lanka has been benefiting under Norwegian GSP facility since 1972 and has met the criteria to enjoy the new GSP+ status from 2013.
Leprosy Hospitals
3.4 km: 5.33 km
Green Energy Development and Energy Efficiency Improvement Investment Programme
National Council for Elders
26,328 through 1,424 Programs
Irrigation Department launched an integrated Management program to improve land productivity in above areas starting from Ittapana in Kalutara District and continued in Galle & Matara Districts.
3.10. Rubber Plant Nurseries and Supply of Plants
The Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka empowers the Supreme Court on the following matters.
This process involves a continuous consultation with the line Ministries, Departments, Statutory Agencies of the Government and the relevant Treasury Departments.
Performance by Divisions
Providing financial assistance to the staff of the University of Moratuwa who were in distress due to medical / accident situations
The procedures selected depend on the Auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatements of the financial statements, whether due to fraud of error.
The total provision was utilized as follows;
Replenished by the Institute of Development Administration.
Renovation of buildings
Acquisition of investment/ Disposal of Investment
The district is bounded on the north by Kegalle and Nuwara Eliya, on the south by Galle, Matara and Hambantota districts, on the west by Colombo and Kalutara districts, and on the east by Badulla and Moneragala districts.
The Department of Official Languages in association with the Department of Examination should take action to provide sets of model question papers formulated to suit each proficiency level based on the syllabus prescribed for each category for the reference of Public Officers.
Releasing Fixed Deposits
Year 2015 can be considered as another year which could carry out two major functions entrusted to the Commissioner of Elections by the Constitution which is the preparation and certification of the annual electoral register and conduct of elections.
06. Department of Exercise
2. 2. 2 Performance of Collection of Revenue
This can be cited as a programme initiated to increase productivity and minimise issues likely to arise when implementing the Official Language Policy.
Therefore, according to the Guideline 7.8 (d) of the Procurement Manual, if the period of the bid submitted is less than the prescribed period, the bid should be rejected.
31. Establishment of a Waste Management System in the High Level Road Area in the Colombo District
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Messenger
The Commission informs the Government with regard to allocation of funds from the Annual Budget.
Sirithunga Jayasuriya
Buildings and construction
Japan International Coorporation Agency & Government of Sri Lanka
11 September - 22 September
40 years
Dehiwala Local
Number of Centers
Augmented Substation
(i) Adequate variances shown between the estimated and actual revenue.
(b) With the appreciation of the dollar by the government and the increase in transport fares caused by the increase in fuel prices, the cost of sales increased.
The Tables Nos. 40 and 41 hereunder show the number of identified drug users, the number of persons referred for treatment and, the number of preventive and rehabilitative programs conducted during the first three quarters of the year 2015.
618 Rathmalyaya
Local Adults
(ii) Rule 218
Stock & Work in progress is valued at cost or net realizable value.
It is requested for all the government departments, private institutions and schools in the Mannar District to join this productivity promotion program and win national awards in the future .
IV. Reading aloud the Oath of Public Servants attached herewith in any language convenient for the members of the staff.
The Police Ordinance No.16 of 1865 is the base legal document that administers the Department of Police and its functions.
Equity and liabilities
Position of Revenue Accounting Officer:
Home Care Service for Elders - Training Programme
Annex 43
6.2 Physical Progress of the Development Projects
The financial statements give a true and fair view of Company’s state of affairs as at 31 March 2013 and its profit and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
T.P. - 0112883782
Ms. E.R.S.P. Edirimanna
Note - (vii)
Assistant / Deputy Director (Education, Research & Conservation)
Grants Received From Treasury
Kochipothana Reservoir is situated in the Tissamaharama and Kataragama Divisional Secretariat Divisions.
The significant accounting policies that have been used in the preparation of these consolidated Financial Statements are summarized below.
Other Functions
Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs
Develop and formalize follow-up monitoring methods relevant to the field of environment and natural resources and apply appropriate strategies for environmental management based on the inforamation received from the follow-up methods
Operating Profit (5)
Four payment vouchers
Subsequent expenditure is capitalized only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific assets to which it relates.
2.2.3 Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
SCHEDULE OF ANNUAL TRANSFERS APPLICATIONS YEAR 2014
Accordingly, the priority was given to the currently established Bilingual Divisional Secretariats.
Dr. G. A. S. Premakumara
A Register relating to Computers, Accessories and Software amounting to Rs. 1,301,180 belonging to the Sabha had not been maintained in terms of the Circular No.IAI/2002/02 dated 28 November 2002.
After discussing this, the Budget Circulars, considering that although the post of Field Assistant working in the Forest Department belongs to the category of Primary Semi-Technical Services, they are engaged in field activities attached to District Forest Offices and Site Forest Offices, accordingly granting approval for the provision of motorcycles to the Forest Field Assistants of the Forest Department subject to the provisions of No. 02/2014 and not as a precedent for any other service group.
One on the Agreement on Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures, and the other in relation to intellectual property.
11.Passara
The crisis  in the country is now over
30 Rugby Coaches have participated in the training program focused on this objective.
Conducting a training workshop for the prefects attached to the Habaraduwa, Imduwa, Akmeemana Divisional Secretariats on 30.08.2015 at Dharmika Vidyalaya, Imaduwa, Habaraduwa
I do not verify my opinion in respect of this matter.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities are converted using exchange rates that existed when the values were determined.
Details
Cucumber
Income from such investments has been accounted on accrual basis.
02  Number of Courses for Officers from Other Institutes 27 1,852
Within the limits of the annual budget, the commitments other than personal emoluments have to be identified at the beginning.
The Criminal Procedure Code and the Penal Code (translated into Tamil) have been Consolidated into Sinhala, Tamil, and English languages for review and sent to the Government Press for printing.
(b) registration and maintenance of exporters’ profiles,
The following matters had mainly affected the deterioration of the financial results for the year under review by a sum of Rs. 72,983,160.
(c) Out of the tractor loan amounting to Rs.37,785,110 supplied to 11 districts, the installments in arrears as at 31 December 2012 amounted to Rs.19,533,639.
R. K. Sriyani
Institute of Continuous Education - Gannoruwa
Imprest balance
Cyprus  04
Rehabilitation at home level
Sri Pada Environmental Conservation Programme
Department of Cultural Affairs
An understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances is obtained, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of internal control of the Project.
Rural Entrepreneurship Development Programme Performance
Colombo–“Senehasaka Thaksalawa” North East twining school children programme in Seethawaka D/S  (Students and teachers of St. John Bosco College and students and teachers of Nageshwara Vidyalaya in Killinochchi)
Accordingly, it is hereby informed to make relevant officers aware of the aforesaid period of concession.
We have provided the budget report and the actual reports when necessary.
Overseas
(a) Stamp duty for the year under review
2. Preparation of the Appropriation Account
Development assistance from these countries and institutions has been reduced to a combination of non-concessional and concessional credit facilities and export credit due to the reduction in concessional financing with lower interest rates.
Ankumbura Arachchige Wijaya Kumara Vithanage
Pension Fund
Source:  Monthly Revenue Reports of Provincial Councils 2014, 2015
“Dayata Kirula” National Development Programme
Mr. M. M. Ajith Prasanna
Grade
Regional Meeting for High Level Radiation Officers on Infrastructure Development for the Control of Radiation Sources
Granted to the World Food Programme
Trainer
However, if the date of reporting for duty is a subsequent date due to a matter which is beyond the control of the officer, the Transfer Committee will take that into consideration.
Progress of Wildlife Conservation Fund 2014
Total equity
Guidance needed to mitigate climate change in Sri Lanka following the example of the International Dialogue on Climate Change
Electoral District No. 11 - Vanni
Urban Development Authority is the Implementing Agency of the Project.
I communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that I identify during my audit.
Korea
To control and maintain the standards of surveying profession.
Sri Lanka Land Reclamation and Development Corporation
Section of the Highway
Facilitating the day to day activities of the hearing impaired by issuing identity cards and sign language translation services.
Expenditure / Rs. Mn
JPY million
DPS (Hons) OSLO
Compared to last year audit queries have reduced by more than 65% this year.
Various measures were taken in the year 2012 to empower the elderly population.
24 Refrigerators 02 02
The detailed report of the mechanical estimate has been received.
To All Secretaries to the Ministries
Total 33,835,936
Other than residential programmes, this institute is the venue for various types of seminars, workshops organized by the Department and other organizations.
6.5 The Secretaries of the all Ministries/Head of Departments shall see to submit a report as requested in section 5.5 above, at district level, including the particulars of officers who have completed a service more than 5 years in Ministries and Departments.
During a flood,
Diagram XI
Second language text books are being prepared by the Department of Official Languagse for public officers
Wewalduwa,
The determination of the Commissioner of Elections in terms of the Article 98(8) of the Constitution regarding the number of members to be elected for the year 2014 for each electoral district at a Parliamentary Election based on the statements of total number of names in the electoral register provided by the Registering Officer of each electoral district after certifying the Electoral Register in 2014, under Section 23 of the Registration of Electors Act, was published in the Gazette No. 1898/6 of 19th January 2015.
It has had a fruitful relationship with Sri Lanka for over 48 years.
Additionally, 60 Land Cruisers, 60 Land Rovers, 64 Motor Cars, 10 Water Dispensing Vehicles, 05 Mini Busses, and 15 Bicycles were made available to comply with requirements.
Environmental conservation
Reliability
Development of sanitary and other facilities in rural schools 2014
Explanation of the difference between the total net provisions allocated under the Budget Support Services and Emergency Needs Liability Expenditure of the Department of National Budget for the issuance of additional provisions for capital expenditure to other Heads as per Section 6 of the Appropriation Act and the allocations so issued
SMIB Samarusara Musical,
Completion of repair work of fuel storage Tank-G
Children under 12 years and elders over 60 years were given the opportunity to enter the zoo free of charge that day.
The Board-Statement of Changes in Equity
5 International Arbitration Center
Revenue arises from cargo handling and transport services  is recognized in the period in which the services are rendered based on completion of services and assessed on the basis of the actual services rendered.
The total overdraft interest for the year is Rs. 28.2 Million.
Provisions for legal claim and other operational expenses are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event.
Oshin inauguration event,
However, the Company had not done an impairment test for the property, plant and equipment.
Mr. K. M. A. L. Dissanayake
The construction work of 09 bridges had been completed with delays ranging from 05 months to 20 months due to several reasons such as disputes in acquisition of sites, design changes and alterations of the locations and related works.
Fuel Transport Agreement with LTL Projects (Pvt) Limited
Sriman Naarayanan Temple, Ampara
Embryo rescue technique was developed for chilli.
Fourth instalment
08. Functions performed by Waqf and Mosque Administration Division.
Initiatives contributing to Social Integration, based on local needs, are consolidated for replication
Deputy Chief Secretary - (Engineering Service)
28. Potuvil
Whether applied for an annual transfer? if not, indicate three stations willing to serve
Action should be taken in accordance with financial rules.
Assistant Director (Dehiwala)
That allowance, which will be considered as a part of the salary for all purposes, should be paid until the relevant officers are promoted to another Grade/ Service.
Training on Environmental Impact Assessment
Ministry of Mahaweli Development and Environment
Pavilion of this Stadium has been equipped with facilities required to accommodate 20,000 spectators at a time.
(iv) augmentation of Katunayake 132/33 kV Grid Substation
12.98m
R.Ekanayake Wickramasinghe
Collecting statistics in respect of court cases
These units are mainly engaged in the production of concrete cable support poles for the Ceylon Electricity Board and Sri Lanka Telecom.
Current A/C for Plant Sale
A survey carried out in three pilot sites have helped identify the traditional varieties of crop species required by farmers.
Target
Toxicology
Generated Income
Following the implementation of productivity promotion programs in the Mannar District Secretariats and the five Divisional Secretariats, at present, it can be viewed in a new look.
The Munneswaram Temple, which is a sacred place for both Hindus and Buddhists is situated at Chilaw Divisional Secretariat Division of this District.
Consultative Jurisdiction
Foundation
Reference No. of Approval for write off from the book
(iv) Section 2(4)(i)(f) Action had not been taken by the Fund either to provide scholarships for the artists and the technicians who engaged in the film industry or to arrange training programmes.
Last 3 months up to the date of audit
It consists of 13 Divisional Secretariat divisions.
Sale of fixed assets
The above Annual Report was considered with the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning and it was approved to present the Annual Report of the Sri Lanka Sustainable Energy Authority for the year 2011 attached to the Memorandum to Parliament.
Failure to maintain reports in such a manner that enables the revenue collected and the arrears of revenue of each year to be identified separately.
production (kg)
Should pass the written test conducted by the Department of Examinations on behalf of the Department of Official Languages and the oral test conducted by the Department of Official Languages, in relation to the Proficiency Level of this category.
However, only a very limited number of political parties appoint their representatives for this purpose and an insignificant number of those appointed contribute to this work.
The provincial recurrent needs are submitted by provinces using the specimen formats attached to the guidelines of the Finance Commission.
The duration of such a stored rice buffer stock could not be determined and it may be a term of more than three months and less than one year.
07. Principles relating to transfer, donation, and alienation of lands in the light of judgments
Preparation of Rural Disaster Management Plan
This required several upgrades to the power distribution network in the city of Colombo.
Road system & Jungle clearing
Amendment to the Memorandum of Understanding between the Government of Sri Lanka, the Ceylon Electricity Board, and the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC)
This network consists of reservations declared under various reservation levels.
Package No: CP 03
(b) Government Business Circular No. PED / 12 dated 02nd June 2003
Manushya single episode Teledrama
Kanchana Ratwatte Esq.
Posted Stamp Duty on the Annexed copies
Deferred Tax Liabilities
For formal economic units related to trade and service sectors - ECE-S2
Hence it has been proposed to construct new collective grids and 33kV lines therefore several more non-conventional renewable energy power plant projects could be connected to the national grid.
Rajamulwatta Lane,
Accountants and Management Assistants of the District Secretariat and the Divisional Secretariat
5.2 Action Plan
Warehouse
Adjustment allowance from 01.04.2018 onwards: Rs. 168 (36,832 - 36,664)
13 Laptop Computers 28 29
Agreements made with Japan under the 44th Yen Loan Package
Taking necessary action on public complaints received by the Ministry regarding the conservation of wildlife resources.
3. Organization Structure
Wijeratne Gamage Neel Premathilake
Naula Grid Substation
Qualifying Test for Exemption from the requirement of satisfying the Professional Qualifications for Absorption into Grade III of Class 3 of the Sri Lanka Information and Communication Technology Service-2013
Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy and Ministry of Power jointly formulate an appropriate action plan to achieve the targets
(b) Spare parts of the Engineering Division valued at Rs. 18,053,000 remained as non-moving stocks.
The Company has provided Rs. 5 million as per the decision of the Board of Directors under SLAS standards for the last day of each year of reporting on cases pending before the Court.
It is expected to construct office complexes for 48 registered sports associations in Sri Lanka under this project and to provide office facilities for sports associations.
v. Determine salaries and wages taking into account the cost of living, in order to ensure higher living standards.
Manmune pattu (Arayimathi)
b. Identification of state land or other land that can be distributed among war heroes and preparation of such land suitable for distribution.
Progress in surveying was also able to reach a high of 163%.
(c) The total sales of the year under review and the cost of sales relating thereto amounted to Rs. 361,933,397 and Rs. 383,935,878 respectively, resulting in a gross loss of Rs. 22,002,481.
Akmeemana - Galle
Vehicles & Other:
Project Management and Review
Length (Km): 12.00
08. Local Authorities Elections Ordinance (Chapter 262)
5.2.1 Cultural and Religious Activities
Mr. W. I. H. K. Wijerathna
Award Ceremonies - 04
Received
1:2 All-Island School Drama Competition - 2012 - Preliminary Discussion
8. Kalawana
Package 2 Lot C, Lot C-1& Lot C-2
(At that time the Botanical Gardens were under the Department of Agriculture)
It was necessary to establish peace in the country, leaving the responsibility of providing national security to Sri Lanka to the same Ministry, suppressing the crimes, violence, harassments and anti-social acts that may arise in the post-war period.
A. C. A. - 2 (a) (iii)
Sectoral Distribution of unutilized Balance
The examination also included such tests as deemed necessary to assess the following.
Video conferencing facilities for the benefit of interested businessmen to link up with commercial officers abroad were arranged.
4.2.4.1 Improvements to Power Electronics Measurement Laboratory - Electronics & Microelectronics Division
No Provincial Council Election was held in the year 2015 and only the vacancies were filled.
The Project is required to maintain proper books and records of all its income, expenditure, assets and liabilities, to enable annual and periodic financial statements to be prepared by the Project.
10. Financial Statement
3. For participating in a Karate competition held in India
Two Driver Display Consoles
18. Date of appointment to Supra Grade of Public Management Assistants' Service:
Other Comprehensive Income
III. For medical tests done on the recommendation of the consultants (only during the time of hospitalization)
Mr. S. P. B. Senadheera
Development Division 2
The Ministry, having realized the need to promote the awareness of implementation of Official Languages Policy not only among the Public and the public servants but also among the people's representatives, has launched a series of awareness programmes.
Similarly, parallel letters are being prepared in Sinhala and Tamil.
In addition, stamp duties and court fines transferred to local authorities by the provincial councils should be invested in development activities in the respective local authority areas.
Not updating the required reports.
Fees related to obtaining visas, passports and dual citizenship
Amendment of the rules of the Supreme Court
The value of the total relief paid
(13) Total of Reimbursement Claims outstanding as at the date of presenting the Financial Statements
Planning Division
Mr. U. G. S. I. Senaratne
Summary of Recurrent Expenditure
Prosthetist and Orthotist
3.3 Contract Administration
Number of units sold within the division during the year
Inspector of Police (Transport)
To provide additional coverage to advertisers, the Observer ADZ online version was launched.
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of those financial statements in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
(f) Considering (if appropriate) the degree of any work undertaken by the external auditor for the Company other than the statutory audit; and
The Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka recognizes jurisdiction of the Supreme Court on the following matters.
Note 10-factory overheads
Performance Report – 2015
kills Development Programme on Package Designing / Manufacturing Technology
Staff loan and advances
Therefore, all the Heads of Institutions shall adhere to the above methodology.
03. Department of Examinations
Even though the draft Annual Financial Statements should be furnished to the Auditor General within 60 days after the close of the year by the Institution in terms of Section 6.5.1 of the Public Enterprises Circular No.PED/12 of 02 June 2003, financial statements for the year 2017 had been furnished by the Company on 23 August 2019.
Equivalent widths of a few selected iron spectral lines were measured and element abundances are being measured using curve of growth method.
Others (Clerical etc.):
Program No. & Title: 01 Operational Program
The Audit of the Financial Statements of the Northern Provincial Council for the year ended 31 December 2018 comprising the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018 and the statement of financial performance and cash flow statement for the year ended was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(3) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 23(1) of the Provincial Council Act, No.42 of 1987 and provisions of the National Audit Act No. 19 of 2018.
145 Judges participated in that.
The number of participants was 30,582.
Ministry of National Dialogue
(A)Information of the Completed Projects
Annexure 2.2
Therefore, you are requested to take actions to insure the motor vehicles belonging to your institution as per the provisions of the Public Finance Circulars mentioned in para 01 above and if you require further clarifications in this regard you are informed to inquire the Additional Director General of Department of Public Finance as per the provisions in para 06 of the Public Finance Circular PF/ 437.
6. Disclosing the irregularities that take place and might take place in the public Sector through special investigations and introducing the preventive measures and recommendations to avoid such situations and occurrences
Adjustment related previous year
Program and project
Transfers in terms of the F.R. 66 and 69
It was further observed that the outstanding debtor balance related to the commercial advertisements for over one year was Rs. 12,917,653.
2014 Revised Estimate
Rv 55 Galle High Court
Labour Tribunals can be defined as a great privilege for employees of non-governmental institutions to seek justice in respect of matters such as termination of employment.
Mr. M.P.D.U.K.Mapa Pathirana
Communication skills development programs
3.7 Deficiencies in Contract Administration
(The office’s/institution’s name must be prepared in the order of Tamil, Sinhala, English in North and Eastern Provinces and Sinhala, Tamil, English in other Provinces).
Higher National Diploma in Management Studies
04 Training on Salary conversion Public Management Assistants
Tour on Co-operative Education and new trends of Co-operative Business (China)
Workshop conducted to assist in the design of pre-project concepts for the 2014 - 2015 Technical Cooperation Project Cycle
4.1.2 Grama Niladhari activities
The analysis given below indicates that compared to the previous year the total expenses have increased by Rs 29.5 million.
No receipt other than the imprest granted under the reimbursable foreign aid can be accounted under the imprest code 7002.
According to the responses received from the chief occupants, the names which could be registered were accepted into “B” list and all the other claims were treated as claims received during the period calling for claims and based on findings of the inquiries, action will be taken to insert the names in the electoral register.
Girihada Raja Maha Viharaya Ambalantota
Governing Legislation
Lakdhanavi Limited
Per centage of increase over the previous year
The activities of the Survey Department are directed towards the well-being of the people through a network of offices spread throughout the Country, comprising Provincial Offices, District Offices, Divisional Offices and Survey Training and Surveying & Mapping Institute, Diyatalawa.
Accordingly, there are 26 Community Based Offices situated in Kekirawa, Anuradhapura, Mullaitivu, Mannar, Gampaha, Nuwara Eliya, Baddegama, Jaffna, Nugegoda, Matugama, Warakapola, Moratuwa, Chilaw, Marawila, Kandy, Galle, Hingurakgoda, Tangalle, Galle, Angunukolapelessa, Welimada, Kegalla, Pugoda and Kalutara.
Condominium property or Semi Condominium property management
Tax Expenses
Embedded Generators in the Province
(Third Party)
Duties relating to Independence Day celebrations and Wesak and Poson festivals.
The approval of the post of Legal Officer and the promotion of the post of Internal Auditor had been performed under the creation of new posts of the staff of the Ministry during this year.
Project on Coconut Plants Nursery at Walasmulla
(i) Three phalanges
05. Compensatory Pension
Construction of a new official quarters - Phase 1
No. of programs
Development of new pest and disease management strategies for other field crops
Total estimated Cost
Mrs. H.W.G. Niluka Udayangani
Seethawaka wet zone Botanic Garden
Statement of Non-Financial Assets - 2018
(a) Current Investments
It has facilitated raising of funds from a syndicated loan and an international bond to mitigate liquidity problems of SLA to meet its refleeting and working capital requirement.
Note - I
Complaints for the year 2014
Ceremony / Special Advance Application Form
Anuruddha Polgampala
2013 Actual Exp.
Vision and Mission
(e) The ownership of 05 motor vehicles donated by the World Food and Agricultural Organization and a motor vehicle received from the Ministry of Fisheries had not been transferred in the name of the Institute.
Reconciliation should be made periodically with the records maintained by the National Water Supply and Drainage Board.
01. Hon. D. M. Jayaratne
Taking into consideration the number of Divisional Secretariats in each district, it is expected to allocate Rs. 15 million for each Divisional Secretariat and obtain Rs. 1100 million from the 2017 budget.
39. Nuwara Eliya
Need to take early action to recover the dues.
The project consists of 02 diamond shaped solar powered hoardings with an efficient illumination system using long life, maintenance-free, white LEDs.
Reception Officer
Follow-up programmes in Killinochchi and Monaragala districts are organized by the trained women leaders in collaboration with the Social Integration Officers based in the respective GA offices.
Court Skills Training programmes for Legal Officers
Welikada
2022 (Rs. Million)
4.5 Identified Losses
6. Fund Division
Sorting - Rechecking the accuracy of ballot papers sorted according to each party/ group in substage I.
Deputy Director (Media)
Trade creditors, employee loans, and receivable balances
It is informed that relevant audit activities could not be carried out properly as other tasks besides internal audit have been assigned.
It should especially be noted that the constituting of the Election Commission replacing the Department of Elections, which was a great expectation of political parties as well as the public, happened during the year 2015.
Establishment of Research and Training Complex at the Faculty of Agriculture, University of Jaffna Project - 2018
Basic work done to achieve the mission of conservation of plant, animal and ecosystems
Policies put in place by the government in 2012, gradually contributed towards the strengthening of major export markets, resulting in a marked improvement in the balance of payments (BOP) position, a build-up of official reserves and exchange rate stability.
Strengthening Enforcement of Law, Access to Justice and Social Integration is funded by the United Nations Development Programme.
The certificate awarding ceremony for 599 students who successfully completed the course in first semester of the year was held on 02.12.2014 under the patronage of the Minister Hon. Wasudeva Nanayakkara.
3.4 Retirements
Participation of Other Officials in Foreign Seminars / Training Programs/ Workshops/ Meetings January - December - 2013
Being elected to the Parliament
Submission of Audit Plan 2015 to the Auditor General’s Department.
Solicitor General
Yudaganawa, Buttala
Rs. 614,346
Even after receiving valuation reports on 25 January 2016 for the trade stalls at the bus stand, action had not been taken to enter into agreements and recover the rents.
My No: EST-7/LEAVE/03/3140
Its printing has already been done.
08. Air time of any programme or news bulletin should not be utilized for unsubstantiated allegations against candidates contesting at an election that cannot be reasonably proved.
Raw Material Usage - Year 2015
2014/15 Maha
Pubic Work Authority in Qatar welcome Sri Lankan Construction companies for the infrastructure projects in Qatar.
So far, this unit has conducted seven Para Legal Courses for seven batches.
(Stock held for the use of the Corporation & not for sale).
Officer in Charge of Records
(c)Functional and presentation currency
The main objective of this was to control Parthenium hysterophorus in Jaffna peninsula.
2.22 Expenses
However, activities under the component of On-site Sanitation Improvements had shown a slow progress as at 31 December 2018, due to delays in awarding of contract and poor performance of the contractor.
April 25
The loan commitments made in 2013 and 2014 amounted to USD 59.5 million and USD 78.6 million showing a significant achievement in comparison to Korean loan commitments during the last ten years.
(b) 06 newspapers published by the Company had made a favorable contribution to the financial results of the Company.
The Institute has provided financial assistance to irrigation, highways and health sectors and the total amount of funding agreed to be given to the ongoing projects is US $ 123 million.
It was further advised to maintain 40% on permanent and 60% on contract basis out of total cadre.
The Company contributes 15% on gross emoluments of employee to Employee Provident Fund (EPF) and 3% on gross emoluments of employee to Employee Trust Fund (ETF).
Visually impaired Development Officer
Other development
Preparing all telephone numbers, names, and other communicative names contained in the letter head in trilingual
Mr. W. A. Chandika Madusanka
Matters relating to the Least Developed Countries (LDCs)
From 13.05.2010
Valachchenei Grid Substation Augmentation
The Department of Commerce is the premier institution in Sri Lanka for convening and coordinating the following Bilateral Joint Commissions / Committees.
The adult population in Sri Lanka is growing very rapidly compared to the rapidly growing adult population in the world.
Allowance paid
Classes commenced in 2015 and not completed.
(e) Even though the outdated regulations on overtime and external examination fees should be amended to rectify the above situations, no action whatsoever had been taken in that connection.
Total of Reimbursement Claims made during the year 2014 in respect of year 2014
Out-of-Work Training Program
Buildings 5%
Obtaining the contribution of the labour of offenders to the country's economy by special projects
Mr. Amir Ali Sabdeen
Distribution of compensation to Buddhist Temples.
Renewal of driving license
Community Health Service Division, Ministry of Health Protection and Nutrition
Despite the vacancies, the department managed to record high performance in 2014.
18. Directors' Allowances
Before 31st August
The revenue generated out of sale of these products are being credited in to Government's accounts which a contributing to the country's development.
Disable War Heroes Project
01 Conducting 12 awareness programs regarding the Co-operative Law and Disciplinary Procedure
The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for the governance of the company, which includes setting out strategic aims, providing leadership, and supervising the management.
Green Energy Development and Energy Efficiency Improvement Programme - Phase 1
3. Setting out of control points relevant to Ranminitenna Survey Activities
Monthly Treasury Authorized Advance Accounts Summary
Media Release
Stores
09.Awareness of Government officers
Provision made in year 2011
Motor Cycle Fees of Government Officer
Budget Execution Division - 3
Estimated value (Rs.  Million)
Actual amounts at the end of the year
Anuradhanayaka K.
11. Legislation on procurement procedures
Project No. & Title:
The dawn of a new year is a very happy occasion for all of us.
An amount of Rs. 4,500 billion is estimated to be spent in order to complete this as a well-landscaped multi-storey building with four levels of parking space according to an architectural design.
Provision Transferred to the Deposit Account in terms of FR 215 (3) (b) & (c)
5.1 LEGAL DIVISION
Held to maturity financial assets
If the number of runs are not exhausted as defined in the contract within the contract period then to recognize the balance capitalized as expenditure at the end of the contract.
Duties and Functions related to International Relations
Pepper
Volatile oils obtained from plants as well as the resin were analysed to determine their properties.
Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Mechanics
Notes for financial statements
Number of peer G.P.S. control points for other surveys
Expenditure was Rs. 4.01 million.
Further, the Buddhist Association and Music Circle fulfill common activities.
Miscellaneous Foreign Aided Project
Real Estate and Equipment Sale (Profit) / Loss
About 400 exhibition stalls presented by Government institutions were surveyed within this survey and 3 best exhibition stalls were selected.
8.1.4. The term of office of 9 Urban Councils and 55 Pradeshiya Sabhas together with Kaduwela Municipal Council ended on 01 August 2015 due to the period of their term of office coming to an end.
1.2.4 Lack of Evidence for Audit
District Secretariat, Galle
Type Writers (Manual)
Survey activities of the opening of boundaries of Knuckles Forest
It has been decided at the meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers held on 2013.11.11 to grant the following concession determined by the above circular in connection with office hours of public officers.
The Training Division of the National Institute of Social Development is conducting the Sinhala Medium Diploma Course in Community Based Corrections for the first time in the country for 40 field officers of the Department of Community Based Corrections.
Dividend Received
Results
4.1 Presentation of Financial Statements
Dr. A. E. P. C. Kumara
The Ministry had also offered some amount of money to the National Secretariat for Elders for this purpose.
Main Roads Rehabilitation and Improvement Project III - (Phase I)
Furthermore, a contract was awarded to modernize this Centre on 06th December 2011 and modernization was completed in March 2012.
Digital Library (E-Repository)
Projects Implemented by District Coordinating Committee and Regional Development Committees - 2014 (continuation)
Resolving disputes of Condominium Property
An action plan was prepared for this program and 02 conservation projects were implemented.
To make family members of war heroes a group bringing with self-confidence and skills by making an attitudinal change in them
A better future for all through people friendly public service
The rehabilitation works of underground drainage Tunnel in Kandy City awarded at an estimated cost of Rs. 1,016 million had commenced on 25th April 2018.
Mr. R.V.P. Nilantha Pushpakumara
Mrs. H. Y. Fernando
This unit translated about 98 case reports.
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations provided to me, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters referred to in paragraph 2.2 of this report, my opinion is,
Construction Farmer Centers
Deepavalee Celebration
Profit from Operations
03. Divisions under the Ministry of National Coexistence, Dialogue and Official Languages and its progress
Mr. M. A. D. I. Udayanga Kumara
Secretary / Administration Officer
I hereby wish to express my deepest gratitude and sincere thanks to all Hon. Ministers, Hon. Members of Parliament, Hon. Members of Provincial Councils, all Government Institutions, other stakeholders including Hindu religious monks and priests, Hindu scholars, Hindu societies, Hindu temple trustees and Hindu Aranery Schools for extending their fullest support and cooperation to the activities of our Department.
(ii) Equity/ Non-current Assets (Ratio)
3.Deyata Kirula
Therefore, it is recommended that they should take action for the implementation of a prudent debt management system to ensure debt sustainability.
(i) Rates and Taxes
Plans are being implemented
She also holds a Masters Degree in Public Administration from the Postgraduate Institute of Management, University of Sri Jayewardenepura.
In allocating resources for other capital expenditure, priority has to be accorded as follows.
Last Updated on Thursday, 09 March 2017 09:23
Our goal is to make the world a single playground with health, happiness and success by empowering and practically implementing the theme of "Sports for All".
Shot Putt
Hall de Galle - Hall Revenue 2015
The final Treasury Accounting Statement incorporating journal entries pertaining to the correction of all accounting errors identified will be released.
Verification of stores pertaining to 741 stores ledgers maintained by the various Branches in the Head Office, Provincial Surveyor Generals’ Office, District Survey Offices, Divisional Survey Offices as well as by the Surveyors all over the country has been completed.
The Economic Development Activities of the District has been coordinated by the District Planning Secretariat.
Total Population
Under the new tariff rates which came into effect from 1st April 2013, the total annual revenue from electricity sales stood at  Rs. 162,956 million in the year 2012 increased to Rs. 190,488 million in the year 2013.
Cabs
According to the work item No 02 of this repairs to the tipper, a sum of Rs.280,000 had been paid to replace the face of the vehicle.
The training of translators has been started for three streams Sinhala - Tamil, English - Tamil and English – Sinhala.
Handicraft production
Crutches
In Studios and Outside Broadcasting unit, 05 nos. of Assistant Directors (Engineering), 36 nos. of Technical Officers and 12 nos. of Studio and Outside Broadcast Assistants have been employed in 2012.
7.3 It is required to indicate the name of the examination in English also in the applications prepared both in Sinhala and Tamil mediums.
In response to the request made seeking a grace period to make relevant payments, citing his financial difficulties, the General Assembly has settled rents up to 31 May 2019.
Kahatagaha Graphite Lanka Limited occupies only a few acres of surface land.
Katugastota
Initial payment for motorcycles given to public officers
3. Summary of classification of Individual Balances (Annexure 3)
Another role fulfilled by this branch is amending Departmental Survey Regulations / Standing Orders appropriately and publishing of survey journal.
Badulla - Chenkaladi A5 Road Rehabilitation Project
(ii) Appropriate control should be implemented to minimize the cost of electricity and action should be taken to establish a system of deactivation of unnecessary lights and fans at all times.
(f) To set up industrial, agricultural or commercial ventures with a view to providing employment to the
Lankadeepa
Tile Factory
Mr. D. M. U.S. B. Dissanayake
Regional Industrial Estate Development
Single Beds - 120
18 Nos. of payment had been made for various works to the one of the teacher and her husband by the Chavakachchery Driberge College without being identify the right person.
Stocks (increase)/decrease
21. Date of reporting for duty at the present service
Accordingly, qualified and medium contractors will also be offered the opportunity.
Roads have been washed away.
Primary Substation - 'F' Old System
Repair of prefab camp No. 062
A section that dealt with computer-based child pornography, in the Computer Crimes Bill was removed, and included in the New Obscene Publication Bill.
2.5.1 Revenue Recognition
The report to be submitted by the Consultants on 12 October 2018 had not been submitted even by the end of the year under review.
Measures are underway to create peace across the country  by establishing new police stations and Checkpoints after identifying the areas where there is a need for a police station.
43 were in condominium properties constructed by the private sector, ownership of which was disposed subsequently.
PL 2 (Grades III - I)
Awards Won
Home Affairs;
Illanthaikulam Velimalai Road
Sub Inspector of Police (Professional)
Ceylon Shipping Agency (Private) Limited
The following instances of non-compliance were observed during the course of audit.
Airport runways
Police
Enrichment of wildlife habitats within the project area to minimize human - elephant conflict
Chemical Weapons Convention Act
Purchase of Property, Machinery and Fixtures
Activity
Steps were taken to manage the vehicles in the Colombo city more efficiently using GPS/ GSM technology so that the vehicles concerned are deployed effectively to carry out only the tasks assigned to them.
The Arabs who came to Ceylon for trade purposes used this tree to feed them.
Another function of the Department is to provide legal advice to various Ministries and Government Departments on the formulation of Bills and Irregularities.
9.5.2. As per the letter No. 75/10/4160 of 05.10.2015 of the Secretary, Ministry of Public Administration and Management, Mr. H.A.S. Fernando, of the Class III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service, who was serving at the Nuwara Eliya District Elections Office, was released from the service of the Department of Elections enabling him to assume duties at the Prime Minister’s Office on 05.10.2015.
Empowering Women leaders for Social Integration
It is emphasized that provisions of this Circular should be strictly adhered with.
Finance Division
Area of Operations
16. Conclusion
2. Divisional Secretariat
The objective of the Project is the improvement of the National Highways network efficiency and to strengthen road sector institutions through improving road sector institutions and developing pilot performance based maintenance contracts.
Secretary, Ministry of Rural Economy
Payments should be made as specified at paragraph 04 above to the approved personal staff of Hon. Ministers, Hon. Deputy Ministers, Hon. Members of Parliament and the approved personal staff of the Governors of Provincial Councils, Hon. Chief Ministers of Provinces, and Hon. Provincial Council Ministers and to Coordinating Secretaries of Secretaries to Cabinet Ministries and of Chief Secretaries of Provinces.
(iii) To improve the server and servee satisfaction through physical and human resource development
Number of Officers
July - National Athletics Pool
Analysis of Cash & Cash Equivalents
Issues on Financial Control
To hold Language Proficiency and Efficiency Bar examinations for the staff of external institutions
The internal audit reports for the year under review had not been furnished to the Auditor General.
In my opinion, the financial statements of financial performance and cash flow of the Company and the Group as at 31 March 2019 have been prepared in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
(News & Current Affairs)
Whether the Trust has performed according to its powers, functions and duties;
Indicate if this balance has been settled by the date of signing, or the reasons for non-payment.
Examiner
At present, this Department functions under the Ministry of Resettlement, Reconstruction and Hindu Religious Affairs.
Automated Rain Gauge developed by ITI is used to transfer rainfall quantity data accuratly and instantaneously using digital telecommunication technology.
7. Hereinafter employees shall be recruited on Temporary, Casual (on daily wages), Substitute, Contract or Relief basis to serve in Public Service, Provincial Public Service, State Corporations, and Statutory Boards after obtaining the prior approval of the Department of Management Services for the staff and obtaining approval for relevant allocations.
They have obtained the assistance of the Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs to gather relevant details by visiting their houses.
06. Mr. Vasantha Ekanayake
Nawakiri tank 330 Mn
Reorganization of Entrepreneurial Associations
For further clarifications, please contact the Director or the relevant officer in the Department of National Budget coordinating with your agency or officers in the Comptroller General's Office (Tel. 0112 151425).
2.3.5 Other Revenue
Number of posts as at December 31, 2018
Table - 07
1 Lands (Acres) - -
Action was taken to submit the following reports within the relevant time frame
North Central  1,830,000 5
Obtaining Visa, Passports and Dual Citizenship
Communication Skills for Executives 1 day
6. Revenue
Completed Projects
02. Calculation of the value of the vehicle import permit issued under above circular relative to the exchange rate of US dollars shall be based on the value of the US dollar at the date on which the letter of credit is opened by the permit holder.
Total bonus liability
The total length of the railway line covering under this is 196 km.
All the administrative functions of the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation were carried out by the Administration Division under the guidance and direction of the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation Chairman,
Previous Year - 2013
Language training programs for after Advanced Level students
The Project Management Unit for the Mannar Transmission Infrastructure Project was established in December 2012.
Mr. Sunil Jayantha Navaratne
Achieved only above 40% success due to the heavy rains continues at the end of the year.
Motor Lorry
Rs. 201,750
Brought forward loss/ profit
3. Guest Lectures on “Modern Trends in Case Management and Contemporary Judicial conduct” by the Hon. Justice John Clifford Wallace, award-winning Senior Judge and Chief Judge Emeritus of the United States Court of Appeal were conducted.
4.3 Sustainable Development Goals
06. Applications shall be in the form of the specimen appended to this circular.
Performing the duties assigned under the Buddhist Temples and Shrines Act No. 19 of 1931 as amended by Act No. 42 of 1981
In the year 2014, the Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs has assigned 15 graduates to the Mannar District Secretariat as Graduate Trainees to the following Ministries in their respective fields.
Vacancies in the Ministry of Social Empowerment, Welfare and Kandyan Heritage
Our National Front
Mahawa Pradeshiya Sabha
The scope of work of Package B includes the replacement of an existing earth wire on 132 kV and 220 kV double circuit three phase transmission lines by composite fiber optic overhead ground wire (OPGW) of approximately 1038 km of length and the installation of an approach fiber optic cable for terminating OPGW conductors at each substation.
Nittabuwa
Agalawattta Training Center (December 4 - 15)
Sub Project
Conduct legal aid clinics free of charge in collaboration with the Sri Lanka Legal Aid Commission in the districts of Mullathivu, Killinochchi, Vavuiya and Batticaloa.
Review of Fuel Qualities and relevant policy improvement
The details are as follows.
Program: One work per village
However, according to the financial statements of the Project, the corresponding value of work-in-progress amounted to Rs. 22.26 million.
Group deposit accounts
According to the financial statements presented, the operation of the Fund for the year ended 31 December 2012 had resulted is a surplus of Rs. 47,599,048 as compared with the corresponding surplus of Rs. 57,693,497 thus indicating a deterioration of Rs. 10,094,449 in the operating results.
As one of the leading research and development institute of the country, ITI is fully committed to the provision of quality technical services to the industry.
"Door to Door - Village to Village 2014"
Specified Fees
Action Plan
W. A. P. Kumara
Social Service Officer
Inspection of mosques, audit and investigation of their revenue and expenditure reports.
Percentage of Progress as per action plan
Repairing the Sewing Division - Seeduwa
Sep. 19
The draft bidding document prepared by the Project Committee which comprised of experts from the CEB was finalized during the year 2013.
Villages
Meritainpattu (Muhudubada Pattu)
Accordingly, such workshops were held for O.I.C.s representing the police stations in Western, Central, Southern, and Eastern provinces.
Illicit production or brewing of spirits
Grace period (years)
Official Quarters for Grade I Jailors  100 %
Repairs of computers are done when required.
Mrs. A. M. R. A. Jayasundara
4.2 Action Plan
An experiment was conducted to calibrate the (SPAD meter) and Leaf Colour Chart (LCC) for chilli variety "MI-green".
Preparing for the 20th Meeting of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
The action plan prepared in that manner is being implemented with the consensus of the Ranaviru community.
3.2. Unutilized Resources
Middle East
1.2 Management’s Responsibility for the Financial Statements
The details on commitments and liabilities to be settled as at the end of the year 2015 should be submitted to the Department of State Accounts.
Income from the registration of private management corporations
Action will be taken through the check issue, receive order and store ledgers in relation to the deficit of stationery.
Total Non-Current Liabilities
Section 19
5. Social and Cultural Division
Despite the severity in competition, "ANCL" being the pioneer publisher in the country, was able to improve its market share for advertising & circulation.
According to the financial statements presented, the revenue of the Council (Sabha) in excess of the recurrent expenditure amounted to Rupees 7,884,906 for the year ended on 31 December 2017 as against the expenditure in excess of the recurrent revenue amounting to Rupees 12,341,209 for the preceding year.
Though it was expected to grant Mapiya Surekum to 150 persons only 113 were covered in 2011 since there were no applications from districts.
Net Book Value- 31/12/2011
The transmission network consists of 2039 km of 132 kV transmission lines and 468 km of 220 kV transmission lines.
Approved Animal Feed Turn Over Return
Marakkala Hennadige Sumith
The forecast amount of stamp duty and court fines to be transferred to the local authorities from total revenue for 2016 is Rs 16,700 million.
Let us work in empathy.
Trade receivables have been reviewed for impairment.
Secondary Urban and Rural Community Water Supply and Sanitation Project - Additional Financing
As per the Action Plan 2015, Rs. 13 Million Provisions have been given for the C. B .R. Programme.
Therefore, with much gratitude I take this opportunity to highlight the great contribution made by the District and Divisional Secretariats under the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Certificate Course in English
Director (Planning)
Department of Commerce
Number of cases
It was unable to obtain sufficient, appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an Audit Opinion and as far as it appears from my inspection, proper accounting records have not been kept by the Company.
Social Integration Programs
(iii) Financial Regulation 189 750,305 Action had not been taken in respect of 18 dishonoured cheques which remained unsettled for a period ranging from 01 year to 10 years.
Acquisition of equipment for new construction
Due to the requirement of updating of Human Resources Information Management System of the Department properly, it has been updated and released to the internet.
Mapalagama Ranaviru Village
Note 8 - Interest payments classified according to the subject of expenditure
Part II - 148 km
Action should be taken in accordance with the provisions of the By-law.
Annexure 03
4. Announcing the beginning and ending of the month of Ramadan and distributing dates donated by the Muslim Countries during the holy month of Ramadan through the main mosques of the districts.
W. Kalum Nishantha
(a) The depreciation of vehicles of QI – 5819 and KR – 1128 is the cause for the variation pointed out in the audit.
Electricity and Water Bills Payable
Financial Expenses
Upper Kotmale hydropower powerhouse
Katuwana Divisional Secretariat - pre-school teachers
Need to adapt according to the requirement
Maintaining an optimal contribution to the national economy by promoting the eco-tourism industry associated with wildlife reserves.
17 Available-For-Sale Financial Assets
10. Mr. M. L. C. Fernando
Mr.M.P.D.U.K. Mapa Pathirana
During the first half of 2014, total exports to Asia-Pacific Trade Agreement member countries stood at USD 44.3 million.
Name of District: Galle District
Senior Staff
When the government declared an emergency following a natural disaster, Sri Lanka was able to obtain USD 102 million under the “Special Climate Disaster Loan Program” as a new financial facility that can be partially or fully funded.
Training on the concept of e-governance and the usage of information technology in Office Management
Mrs. M. G. D. Amarasinghe
1.Watupitiwela
Madampe
b. Particulars of service
Head Office (Liquor)
Generation
Artificial foot
However, it has to be noted that in spite of many obstacles it was possible to complete the construction of the first floor by the end of the year 2015.
Moringa oleifera tea and anti-aging cream
Item of Revenue
Total Number of Votes
In the year 2013, 73 elders were continuously provided with financial assistance of Rs. 250/= per month, through the contribution from philanthropists.
Improvement of Hatton – Nuwara Eliya Road Project:
Among non-conventional renewable energy plants, 70% of them are located in the Sabaragamuwa Province and 28% within Uva Province.
Advance payments (increase / decrease)
05. Mr. M. G. U. Gunasekara
Six priority areas have been identified by IORA to promote the sustained growth and balanced development of the region and of the Member States, and to create a common ground for regional economic co-operation.
The Secretary of Ministry of Industry and Commerce has delegated the Department of Commerce (DOC) with the authority of issuing letters of recommendation for residence visas for the expatriates who are employed by the Liaison offices/ Branch offices of foreign companies and other trade and commercial ventures, whose presence and activities in Sri Lanka fall under the purview of the Ministry.
Among them, the following training courses are important.
Emergency Response
Mrs. Tharanga Karunasena
Ms. A. A. Ganga Madurakanthi
BSF - Board Special Fund
Miss. A.N. Abey gunawardhana
3. Summary of accounting policies
iii. Fees charged for translating
06 Mrs. H.D.M.D. Kulathunga
Religious Festivals were held with the participation of all institutions under this Ministry, such as a Vesak Zone which was held at the Samanala Sports Ground, Galle, a Poson Zone that was held at the Sports Ground  of Amalagoda Maha Vidyalaya and Esala Zone which was held at the Sports Ground of Deniyaya Central College.
Government Grants - Recurring
1. Conducting Ranaviru Remembrance ceremonies at the national and the regional levels
Navagiri
Highly skilled workforce who are capable of handling new large ventures should be recruited
Conference Room
Schedule 2
Disposing of buses which are not in running condition
Eravur Town
Revenue from stamp fees had been brought to accounts without being identified on a specific basis.
Guiding and Assisting the Pilgrims at the Airport in Sri Lanka and Jeddah International Airport.
Social welfare program
Arachchige Rajika Lalitha Kodithuwakku
Land improvement
Opening of 79 fresh milk outlets in major cities to promote fresh milk consumption among the general public
Mohomed Muththalib Shiraj Hassan
4. Overall Performance of the Ministry in 2014
3. Bilateral Trade and Economic Co-operation
3. March
Project Proposal:
c. Development of land earmarked  for distribution among war heroes
During the year 2017
The Development Division maintains the progress of the programs planned in the Annual Budget of the Department and reports the progress monthly, quarterly, semi-annually and annually to the Ministry and other relevant agencies.
Making necessary arrangements to present The Appropriation Bill to Parliament in first week of Oct, 2014
Through this, employees could gain a broad understanding of the importance of the knowledge on occupational safety and health for private life.
Nation Building Tax - P / C
Weerasekara Mudiyanselage Harsha Kumara Weerasekara
(1) When the facilities are provided only for accommodation by the Foreign Government or Donor Agency, 35% of combined allowance indicated in above 4(a) shall be paid for food.
14. Other receivables
2364 numbers of NIC have been issued in 2014.
Total Net Provision
Collections by the relevant Ministry / Department
Systems and Controls
Depreciation
One of the key functions of the Authority is to issue a certificate on the common elements and common amenities of condominium property to enable the registration of provisional, semi and full condominium property in the Land Registry which incidentally is the main source income of the Authority.
The administration of the Police Department and its functions is based on the primary legal document, the  Police Ordinance No.16 of 1865.
Budget Assistant
01. General
A language proficiency oral (repeat) test was held on 11.01.2014 for 146 candidates from Uva province.
Note 14
Graduate teachers had been appointed without considering the G.C.E.(O/L)and G.C.E.(A/L) subject area.
Fifth instalment
The audit of financial statements of the Northern Road Connectivity Project (Additional Financing) – Provincial Component for the year ended 31 December 2017 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154 (1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 4.04 of Article (iv) of the Loan Agreement No. 2890-SRI (SF) dated 19 November 2012 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the Asian Development Bank.
New planting Subsidy 2013 (private)
To increase the rate of the steps taken to control the use and circulation of dangerous drugs by 10%
Other current assets increase
The Audit and Management Committee accepted the submission.
Grama Niladhari Activities
Number of New Design Training Programmes
Research on Hindu Religion and Culture
7. Guidelines for the preparation of financial statements
The training programme has been planned and operated jointly by the Ministry of Social Services and the Ministry of Health.
Res. Mgmt. - Resources Management
Observations on Cabinet Memoranda
5. Conducting training courses and programs in sports with the intention of improving sports in the rural sectors in particular.
Cycling (Men)
Mrs. L.N. Nirupa Ratnayake,
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1.3 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Kuliyapitiya Urban Council as at 31 December 2017 and its financial performance for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
3.1 Human Resource Management
Note - Details of losses incurred during the year under Expenditure 1701 or expected to be accounted for in future years under Section 106 of the Financial Regulations and omissions under the Financial Regulations 113 should be included.
2.2.5. Court Fines and Stamp Duty
Social Development Programme
SC/FR/233/2013 Colombo
In terms of financial regulations, it is required to ascertain the availability of the necessary financial provisions before making any commitment for each expenditure and the General Treasury will not take any responsibility on any commitment made without budgetary provisions and relevant officials will be subjected to the commitment personally in that regard.
Emergency Operations in case of a disaster
Sri Lanka Public Health Inspectors' Thrift, Credit and Welfare Co-operative Society Ltd.
Debt interests
No. of Families
The great award Kalabhushana viruthu is awarded by the Department every year to the artists who have rendered yeoman service to the arts and culture.
6.6 Enhancing the Revenue and New and Alternative Sources of Revenue for the Provincial Councils
Produce qualified trainers to train language teachers, translators and interpreters in Sinhala, Tamil and English Languages.
16. Chairman - Drivers General Employees' Union
In certain instances, certain officers had been paid cargo examination fees exceeding Rs. 128,000 per month.
Provision for the year
Maligathenna Elders' Home
Auction of Vehicles belonging to the Ministry
Mudali Maheepala Appuhamillage Waruna Pradeep Maheepala
Resources Persons mentioned below participated in the preparation of the Sinhala text book
Expenditure (Million)
Air-conditioned double rooms 04
Street Lamp
Please state the percentage of Savings without the decimal point.
Dormitories 18
Contrary to that provision, the Board had released 03 motor vehicle to other institutions during the year 2006 and the Board had spent a sum of Rs. 1,266,782 in the year under review as repair and maintenance expenditure of those motor vehicle.
Bank of Ceylon, Corporate
Since this was a major problem for the company in export, the company requested ITI to submit the technical action needed to prevent fungal attacks on non-exclusive basis to the company.
However, it was ensured at the examination of running charts of the Institute that he had engaged in the project activities only for 9 days during the year 2012.
Polling District Numbers where house-to-house enumeration of electors did not take place
Cultural affairs and social service activities
CA/14/0392/527/005 TBR.
Salary Conversions 1 day
10. Polonnaruwa
Applications received during the year 2013
The objective of the Youth Camp is to enhance the awareness on peace, co-existence and social integration among the youth who belongs to various nationalities and thereby, build a generation of Youth who are closely knit whole heartedly.
II. Secretary to the Prime Minister
(b) Gazette No. 1996 dated 02 December 2016
Length of the bridge(m): 24
Representing the Committee on Accounting of the Parliament
(i) The cost of these investments made some several years ago was Rs. 1 million and the market value as at balance sheet date 31.12.2013 was Rs. 134.4 million.
Registration Fee - Suppliers
This book contains 10 essays in 182 pages.
Creditors and Accrued Expenses 1,894,981.15
A main client obtaining test reports from other institutions due to the delay in the issue of test reports had been the major impact for the decrease of income.
6.8 Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date
Province Specific Development Grant
Three asset balances amounting to Rs. 7,642,763 and a credit balance amounting to Rs. 437,324 remaining dormant over a number of years had not been settled even by the end of the year under review.
(h) Payment Method: The relevant agency should ensure making the rental payments on monthly basis to the lessor as per the agreement signed and should not have payment in arrears that will be brought forward to the following year
Interest on loans taken
The management of Sri Lanka Cement Corporation is making arrangements to implement a new cement packing plant in a suitable area in this year.
Therefore inventories are valued at their cost.
Officers transferred out of the Department in 2015
The main purpose of investment in short-term deposits is to maintain liquidity for the operations; Investment in quoted and unquoted equity investments are strategic investments.
Table XVI
Garden Conservatives
The Trincomalee Housing scheme which consisted of 366 houses, was managed by the officer-in-charge of Trincomalee.
Projects 3
Total No. of cases to be settled from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015
It is realized that customers intend to know exactly when their requests will definitely be fulfilled, rather than how long it will take to fulfill those requests.
Total No. of companies to be paid
Issuing certificates for condominium property
The Progress of the Physical Performance of Issuing Licenses during the Year 2015 Revenue Collection Process is as follows.
09-3 Supplies Expenses
The EXIM Bank of China committed to the Construction of Outer Circular Highway Project Phase III, Extension of Southern Expressway Project (Section 1 & 4) and Hambantota Hub Development Project in 2014.
Amount Transferred (Rs.)
However, the estimated cost of Rs. 18,024 million for upgrading and widening of the above-mentioned roads had been increased up to Rs. 20,137 million, due to delays ranging from 52 days to 450 days on completion of the works under the contracts.
This Englishman, Robert Knox was captured by King Rajasinghe II in 1659.
The Company applies the revenue recognition criteria set out below to each identifiable major types of revenue.
Disaster Management
Director,
Interest Income - Fixed Deposits
A Head of Department is allowed to make such request only in respect of a limited number of officers.
Conducted at Kopay Christian College, Jaffna from 20.06.2014 to 22.06.2014.
All District Secretaries/ Government Agents,
1 - To conduct sports courses and sports programs.
Other Capital Investments (2502)
Medical Supplies
Galle District is centered by Galle, the capital city of the Southern Province
The following steps should be followed for that.
Annexure 2 - New Appointments, Promotions, Leaving and Retiring as on 31st December 2013
Note - Excluding losses and waivers to be accounted in Note (i), only any other losses and waivers under F.R.109 should be included in this format.
Amount to be scanned on 31.12.2014 under Birth, Marriage, and Death Project
(ii) The data had to be collected from 331 Divisional Secretariats in all over the country and this programme had to be conducted quickly.
HTM investments are included in current assets unless the investment matures more than one year
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1.5 of this report, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at 31 March 2019 and of its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
(c) Whether adequate accounting records were maintained on a continuing basis to show the expenditure of the Project,
Jaffna 01
Adjustments
Attendance Register - 4076 Copies
Accordingly, each spending agency was categorized into said sectors, depending on the activity undertaken.
A meter testing laboratory equipped with meter calibration and testing facilities was set up in March 2013 in the Transmission Division according to the guidelines set out by the PUCSL.
Mr. R. R. K. Nugapitiya
Deputy Director (General)
(Singapore)
Divisional Secretariat - Ratnapura
This is the only Institute of its kind in Sri Lanka to provide continuing education for technical personnel catering to the livestock industry.
The Project is funded by a US$ 891 million loan provided by the EXIM Bank of China.
This will help to control traffic congestion along the existing Kelani Bridge and also the links between the Colombo-Katunayake Expressway and other road networks in the city of Colombo will be improved.
Accordingly, in the year 2015 the enumeration of electors commenced on 15th May 2015.
Director-General/ CEO
Lack of Evidence for audit
Installed Capacity (MW)
The purpose of this course is to build social cohesion by imparting Sinhala and Tamil language knowledge to the general community.
(b) Programme management and policy dialogues
Collecting statistics in respect of court cases
31 Mar. - 10 April
Issuance of National Budget Circular Nos. 157 & 157(i) in this regard
Capital Grant
No.130,
No. of informed Institutions
Asian Re-insurance Corporation
Transmission charges
2. Procurement of essential spares to Northern transmission network
b. SLFRS 10-Consolidated Financial Statements: SLFRS 10 replaces the portion of LKA 27 consolidated and  separate  financial  statements  that  addresses  the  accounting  for  consolidated  financial  statements.
The total estimate of Budgetary Support Services and Contingent Liabilities Project (Treasury Miscellaneous Vote) for 2014 was Rs.90.19 billion including the provisions of the budget proposals, of which Rs.41.30 billion was for recurrent expenditure and Rs.48.89 billion was for capital expenditure.
Levy on Rooms of Five Star Hotels
Research Scientist, Industrial Technology Institute, 363, Bauddhaloka Mawatha, Colombo 07
Mrs. Bhadrani Jayewardane
Entrepreneurship Development Trainings were conducted for 40 textile manufacturers in Kegalle and Anuradhapura Districts.
Asian Development Bank Funded Road Network Improvement Project/ Asian Development Bank
Provide income generating avenues to people in those areas through Wild Elephant Conservation Parks.
Total No. of applications (2014.12.31)
Officers should be served in appointed post.
In making those risk assessments the auditor considers internal control relevant to the Board’s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances.
3.8 Cash and Cash Equivalents
3.2.2 Idle / Underutilized Assets
Interest Payment for Leased vehicles
A separate circular will be issued by the Department of Public Enterprises in respect of the procurement of vehicles for the public institutions which are not funded by the Consolidated Fund.
Mayantha Yaswanth Dissanayaka
Total collection in respect of the arrears
Bill
Only capital expenditure items are required to be submitted District wise
National Policy Framework for Small and Medium Enterprises Development
Padukka
Supplies and Services
(2) All other officers except above (4)(a)(1) come under the second category.
Machinery & Equipment 15%
Purchase of the following books to assist Aranery School students
03. The main official ceremony will be held at 9.00 am on 1st, January 2015 at the premises of Presidential Secretariat under the auspices of the Secretary to H.E. the President.
It is observed here that, the price quoted by the Institute for a Banana Plant is half the price compared to the open market but continue to keep it that way as a service to local farmers.
Fuel allowance
The Department of Co-operative Development situated at No.330, Union Place, Colombo 02, was founded on 1st October 1930 as a Co-operative Department, established as the Department of Co-operative Development in 1945 and functioned under the purview of the Ministry of Co-operatives and Internal Trade until the latter part of 2014.
Mr. Vijith Kanugala
The Rio+20 conference on sustainable development took place in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil in 20-22 June 2012.
Maintenance of the National wildlife research and training center
The total energy generated for the year was 11,955.3 GWh.
President/ Secretary:
Income from Sale of Plants
New Design Training Program - Coir
Dr. K. M. K. Perera
The majority of these are rural families.
The Number 3 distribution division accounts for approximately 50% of the non-conventional renewable energy plants already in operation, including small hydropower and biomass power plants.
Counselling Division
3. Computer Networking and Linux Server Administration
60” Solvent Printers
A liability amounting to Rs. 2,946,461 representing special deposits relating to those 13 institutions appeared in the balance sheet.
Tax on foreign programmes
Chapter -03
Paints
Manjula Perumal
16th November - 04 Days
9. Rehabilitation of archeological places of tourist attraction
SPECIAL HOLIDAY FOR CHRISTMAS-2018
Name of the member who held the seat in the Provincial Council, which became vacant
Workshops on recruiting the trainees for the vocational training and evaluating programme for the Swashakthi (self – reliance) groups
Road Development activities connected to Kottawa, Kaduwela and Kadawatha Township Development Project
Movies -
Budget Expenditure as per Government Accounts
Mr. G. M. Rodrigo
During 2014, Sri Lanka has exported USD 3.34 million worth of goods to India and Pakistan under South Asian Preferential Trading Arrangement (SAPTA).
Sri Lanka Handicraft Board(Laksala)
Project Number and Name: 01 General Administration & Establishment Services
4. Setting out of G.P.S. control points on Warakapola - Anguruwella road in Kegalle District for road widening and development activities
Alayadiwembu
Balance according to Financial Statements
She holds a Diploma in e-Government from the Postgraduate Institute of Management, University of Sri Jayewardenepura and holds a Diploma in Public Management, English and Tamil.
(f) Salary paid in terms of schedule II: Rs.
Ruwan Traders - Creditor
Rent (Rs. Mn.)
Operating Units of the Department
District Boundaries
(v) The Institute did not have a methodology for taking follow up action on the progress of the students who had completed the Degree and Diploma Courses.
The objective of it was to improve the capacity of Management Assistants in their chosen work roles.
Management Assistant - Supra Grade
Institutional and Policy Support: Land Acquisition & shifting of services
Provisions for the year 2015 - Rs. 79.66 million
Evaluation of exotic chilli hybrids
Program to improve the quality and shelf life of milk and milk products
It was recommended as an effective method in controlling termites.
The function of the Secretariat of the Tribunal of Labour is to provide and manage the human and financial resources required to maintain the Tribunals of Labour.
7. Secretary, Finance Commission
Further, the Corporation wishes to thank the Sri Lanka Ports Authority, Sri Lanka Customs and The Foreign Agents for their assistance and co-operation at all times.
Whether the systems and controls were adequate from the point of view of internal control so as to ensure a satisfactory control over Project management and the reliability of books, records, etc. relating to the operations of the Project,
Of this, 42 percent was from bilateral development partners, of which 30 percent was from concessionary loans from bilateral development partners.
Replies to the Auditor General’s Report
The funds provided had been utilized for the purposes for which they were provided.
Transmission Operation and Maintenance - Kandy Region
xv. To determine the authority to initiate action on information received to Police from various sources
From Assistant Superintendent of Police to Superintendent of Police
No. of Employee as at 31.12.2014
Water treatment unit
The kith and kin of any prison inmate who needs legal aid could seek assistance from any of the Legal Aid Centers.
Receipts from the Government Press
4. Work out new methodologies and programs in order to make use of  sports to build Sri Lanka’s image internationally
(2) steps are being taken to submit the 2012 Annual Report of the Authority to the Parliament for consideration within three months of the presentation of the Annual Report 2013 to the Parliament.
Ensuring social security for a Dignified Nation
District Workshops
(Programme)
Ministry of Education Services
5.4 Annual Accounts
Also, when donating money through this programme, the donor has the ability to choose one or more beneficiaries or to name one or more beneficiaries from regions they select.
The Secretariat, Colombo 01, Sri Lanka
03. Significant Accounting Policies
Net cash flow generated from operations (c) = (a) - (b)
Annually some of these religious and cultural festivals are celebrated by the Ministry.
Telephone No. ( 021-321534041 )
Housing Schemes/ Apartments
Distribution Loss Reduction
Construction of the Garden Fence – Stage II
Encouraging private sector investment in water supply
Field of control
Each of the units of the Finance Division discharged its duties during the year 2012 efficiently, effectively and economically to bring about the optimum returns to the Corporation.
Enrich Life through Power
3. Lanka ORIX Finance PLC
Balance as at 31st December ......
During the year, 2015 tons of waste had been collected and 23,575 kilograms of composts had been produced by utilizing biodegradable waste.
This is the first time that the Ceylon Electricity Board has launched such a service.
The cost of projects 01 and 02 are as follows separately.
Account Summary
Mrs. K. M. Podi Menike
The group consisted of about 20 personnel and the course content customized to their requirements on the topic of both theory and practical sessions.
Application Form for Caretaker Maintenance (Adult)
Tertiary level
The Chairman of the Company had informed me on 29 July 2014 that the group is carrying on with 28 publications, 3 subsidiaries, commercial printing, annual publication and digital printing especially where and the audit opinion is expressed on consolidated Financial Statements and there is a drop of Rs. 107 million in group turnover mainly due to drop in commercial printing amounting to Rs. 124 million over last year, therefore, apart from commercial printing the group turnover has been increased.
Even though a sum of Rs. 144 million had been allocated for the consultancy services  of Jaffna City Development purposes, action had not been taken to obtain necessary consulting services even up to end of the year under review.
Rent and Work Advance Account as on 31st December 2019
Ministry of Women’s Affairs under the direct supervision of the Task Force developed shelter guidelines and has given training for shelter staff in June 2015.
Request for approval to implement the five year plan to start and maintain the Environmental Pilot Program currently being implemented by the Central Environmental Authority in every school in the island
Area Manager
Most of e-government advertisements are now scheduled through Selacine Advertising under Ministry of Mass Media & Information.
Accounts in the year 2014 and submission before 31.03.2015 to the relevant institutions.
1.2 Secretary of Home Affairs
Mrs. S. R. M. Perera
633 Palliyawatta
3.2. Physical Progress
Acting as the property guardian or assistant friend (security manager) of a minor (when assigned by the District Court)
Regional and Rural Development Policies and Strategic Development
Additional Government Agent(Land)
Staff of the Labour Tribunal
Construction of Main Canal Alikota Ara to Kuda Oya (36 km including Tunnel) (New Proposal 18.5 km, including 0.4 km - 2.5 km tunnel) - 2.5%
Relevant co-ordination for the preparation of a new Police Act instead of the present police Ordinance which is in operation without any change since the last amendment in 1984
Table 1.1-Summary of Performance – 2014
12.0 Progress Branch
The cost of revolving facility has been recovered since 2014 without depending on further Treasury assistance.
Ms. N. A. A. Nadeesha
Details of Completed Work
Many of these same participants convened again at the World Water Forum in 2003, when the idea of a South-South network was introduced.
Client creditors
4.4 Grants
Department / Institution:
Draft amendments to the Excise Ordinance have been prepared to empower the Police to also act under the Excise Ordinance.
The issues discussed here are as follows.
Before 15th October
Observers Portal
(v) Controlling vehicular traffic in order to ensure public security and safety of properties
Tamil and Sinhala New Year programs
Plans are underway to set up an automated penalty payment system for traffic offences to expedite the collection of fines, increase the number of fines added to government revenue, and facilitate the payment of fines by the public.
One of the responsibilities of the District Secretariat and Divisional Secretariats is collecting the state revenue on the due date and time as the government representative.
13.0 Other Information
The Company monitors financial assets and liabilities and prepares forecasted operational cash flows monthly.
Operating Inefficiencies
Compulsory savings accounts
Second Departmental Examination for Promotion of Officers of Sri Lanka Technological Service from Class II "B" to Class II "A" (for Map Technological Officer )
3.3.2 Employee Loans
Broadcast Rights
Subject:
(a) Out of the arrears of lease rent revenue as at 31 December of the year under review amounting to Rs. 7,083,169, a sum of Rs. 5,688,300 had been the key money for the health centre and the trade stalls of the bus stand.
A decision was taken to award the contract for construction of the rest of the Police Hospital Building in Narahenpita for Rs. 220.22 Million (without VAT).
Direct Cost of Revenue
Contribute resources to group Counselling programs
The polling booths were divided under the supervision of the Assistant Registered Officers and prepared after consultation with two officers.
1.2.3. Accounts Receivable
Mr. Sunil Ariyaratne
Instructing the Maritime Environmental Protection Authority to reimburse the University of Ruhuna a sum of Rs. 127,996.55 which is paid to Dr. P.B Terny Pradeep Kumara as his monthly salary and allowance during his tenure as the General Manager.
The follow up language audits were conducted in 2014, in 09 Divisional Secretariats, 02 Police stations and 01 hospital.
FLICT assists the government of Sri Lanka by supporting the development and implementation of a policy framework for social integration and inclusive citizen participation, among state and civil society actors.
After the cyclone don't go outside until officially advised it is safe to do so.
Whilst the civil case for compensation is pending, consultations are also held simultaneously with the insurance company concerned under the auspices of the Insurance Ombudsman.
Commencement of language planning facilitation process in District and Divisional Secretariats
2.2.2. Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage
Financing of local banks
There are discrepancies for various reasons and actions will be taken to correct them
Hanguranketha
The main objective of this programme is to enhance the radio listeners’ awareness of the role of the Ministry, the Language Policy and the Social Integration Policy.
Plant & Equipment
2 SLIDA - Training
Further, according to Section 2:2:5 (d) of the Management Services Circular No. 33, the interview board should have been chaired by the Project Director with the representatives from the Implementing Agency.
Preparations were made to conduct 05 income earning teacher training programs in the year 2014 and the details of the programs conducted are as follows.
Buddika Jayawardane
Accordingly, the daily wage should be calculated dividing the initial monthly salary of initial Grade of each category mentioned in schedule II in relation to each year by 30.
9.Goods Survey activities
Message of the Secretary
Aththa
Judiciary
01-11 Aug.
Action has been taken as per the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers.
An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated Financial Statements.
Court fines and stamp fees as at 31 December of the year under review amounted to Rs.3,391,168 and Rs.57,952,358 respectively.
It is hereby informed to make relevant officers aware of the aforesaid period of concession.
Emergency Dam Safety Program
Independence Square
01 North Western Province Rural Bank Societies Limited Auditorium    24.01.2014 81
This project has also piloted in 2017 with the assistance of the Ministry of Health, Nutrition and Indigenous Medicine and Ministry of Finance.
01 Education Department Employees’ Co-operative Thrift & Credit Society Ltd.
Seventy-five percent of the development work on that land has been completed.
Following is the performance of the No. 3 distribution division in the S5 competitions conducted in 2013.
This standard becomes effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2014.
Action had not been for the direction of Provincial Public Accounts Committeeregarding the following Audit paras.
Preparation of the Appropriation Account
The envisaged macro-fiscal framework requires an efficient allocation of public funds into socio-economic development activities, thereby supporting further improvement of macroeconomic fundamentals of the economy over the medium-term.
Foreign Aid
Permits were issued for 697 applications.
Mr. K. M. A. Kendaragama
As required by Section 163 (2) of the Companies Act No. 07 of 2007, I state the following.
04 Mrs. H.M.A. Hennayaka
Maintenance of the 7km long live fence around Wasgamuwa & Minneriya National Parks has been completed.
3. Artist Development Programmes
All construction work is expected to be completed in the year 2015.
Govt. of Sri Lanka
Depreciation of items received as donations / provisions will be adjusted in the donation / provision account as instructed by the Treasury.
T. P. - 011-2888934
T.G.H.C. Gunathilake
Commemoration on International Mountain Day -2013
Your attention is drawn to Section 10, Chapter VIII of the Establishments Code.
(a) Section 23.10(a) of Small and Medium Scale Entities (SLFRS for SME) requires the recognition of sale only when the entity has transferred to the buyer the significant risks & rewards of ownership of the goods
Three lessees who had not paid the rent to the Sabha relating to the shops at the Common Amenities and Health Center had sub-leased their shops.
However, the Director General of Combined Services will issue transfer orders on service requirements as well as on disciplinary grounds.
USD (million)
Medical Physicist and Radiation Protection Officer, Teaching Hospital, Kurunegala
The provisions related to the expenditure on the implementation of budget proposals announced in the year 2014 budget speech and for policy priorities announced in the financial year were also provided under the same project.
Promotional fair participation from the host country in Sri Lanka
Necessary amendments proposed by the Prisons Authority have been referred to the Draftsmen.
The library offers e-book service, sports CD service, lending newspapers and books service, sports resource information service, e-library friendly service, and e-newspaper services.
The St. Ant. Thalawila church, the sacred place of Catholics is also situated in Kalpity D.S division in the district of Puttalam.
Preparation and maintenance of related files properly
ICTAD registration fees
Balance as at 31 December 2008
It was revealed that most institutions are not submitting the Reconciliation Statement of Public Officer's Advance “B” account in accordance with the formats introduced in the Public Enterprises Circular No. 96 dated 10.08.1994.
Field/ Office Based Officers - Segment 2
Rehabilitation and improvement of capital assets
Monaragala District records comparatively low pipe-born water supply coverage of 20 percent compared to the national coverage of 43.5 percent.
Cassettes & tapes (bank) in main stores
It is accepted that there is a balance of Rs.3,248,621 to be settled against input taxes in the Value Added Taxes payable account, as indicated by the audit.
"Making sure of the job security of non-government employees"
Note XIII
Rehabilitation and Improvement of Capital Assets
Providing effective contribution in the implementation of government policies.
Language training program for National Integration Officers
Compensation for victims of war
Kurunegala District (Continued)
Technical Assistant,
Formulation and implementation of an appropriate program to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of the overall Quazi system
Combined Services Circular No.:01/2013
Apprentices Training Programme for Lawyer
3. Adorning of Ranaviru flags
Mrs. B.P. Vineetha
Non-compliance with Tax Regulations
17 Mr. W.N.R.P. Wijepala Deputy Commissioner
Establishing & empowering the Swashakthi Organizations(self-reliance organizations) of persons with disabilities in divisional level
4.4 Budgetary Control
11 Post and Telecommunication Employees' Co-operative Society Ltd.
Polonnaruwa,
Head of Finance
Abdul Muththalif Mohomed Thaha
Cassettes & tapes in the Library
Garden Assistant
Miss S.E.M.W.S. Ekanayaka
Our Vision
The program conducts the following activities to minimize this situation.
Mr. Sanath Premalal
09 Ms. K. M. A. J. Ranasingha, Assistant Commissioner S.L.A.S. III
Permits have been issued for 2.83 hectares in Mullaitivu District.
12. Workshops and Seminars on Drama
The Department of Management Audit has completed 24 investigations in 2015 while there are 14 ongoing investigations that were commenced for the complaints received in the same year.
(B) Nikaweratiya
(b) Arrangements are being made to carry out some cultivation on this land.
Japan
The 'Department of Elections' was created on 01st October 1955, amalgamating the then Parliamentary Elections Department and the Local Authorities Elections Department.
Mr. S. T. D. Karunadasa
Non-compliance with the following laws, rules, regulations and management decisions were observed.
Debit Balance
To compile text books and subsidiary books for the language proficiency tests of public officers and to sell them.
The Project Monitoring Unit had not taken action to reconcile financial information of the Project with the records maintained by the General Treasury.
Agrabodhi Temple Kanthale (Kapilawasthu Tooth Relic taking in procession live telecast)
Corporations were also established in housing schemes constructed by the National Housing Development Authority for which Management Corporations cannot be established, to enable the residents to be familiar with the functions of Management Corporations that may be established in the future.
Department of Industries - North Western Province
The rehabilitation and improvement works were completed at a cost of Rs.185 million and it was proved that the cost estimates were not prepared in realistic manner.
Mail and Telephone Payable
Established in 1926 as a limited public company.
Profit Before Tax & F.V. Adjustment on Turnover
8 Sabaragamuwa
Giving necessary recommendations for charging concessionary rates for facilities such as telephones, water, electricity etc. used by temples
The revenue earned by the Government from the sale of publications was Rs. 44,710.00.
Constructing wildlife barriers to minimize human - wild animal conflict (electric fences, digging ditches etc.)
People's Bank - Liberty Plaza
575 B. South Coast
Accordingly, you are kindly requested to gather and compile all relevant information, as per the attached format, on or before 25th of June 2018, enabling to feed them in the relevant web page.
Issuing relevant application forms and advisory leaflets to meet the needs of the members of the public and direct them to appropriate officers for required services
Democratic People´s Front
Ind. Group 1
Other Expenditure
The first phase was completed in 2013 and the second phase has been completed at a cost of Rs. Mn. 223 as given below.
D. M. P. P. K. Wijerathne
Representatives of North Western Province after winning a bronze award in National Quality conducted by Sri Lanka Standards Institution
No.534,Bevilgamuwa,
Amended budgetary estimate (RS.)
National Institute of Sports Science conducts sports education programs for Sports Officers, Coaches, sports personnel, Physical Training Instructors, Officers of the defense services and voluntary sports coaches.
Whether the vacancies are filled under Section 99 (a) of the Constitution / Electoral District
Subsequent to the Cabinet reshuffle that took place in January 2015, the scope of this Ministry was greatly expanded with the transfer of the Attorney General’s Department, Legal Draftsman’s Department and Department of Public Trustees.
Cumulative expenditure at the end of year was Rs. 612.53 million.
31. Divisional Secretariat - Baddegama
The above Memorandum was considered with the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning and the Minister of Public Administration and Home Affairs, and the Cabinet Sub-Committee observed the following:
4. Financial contribution to respond to contingencies
2003.99.00 Other Receipts
Balance as at 31st March 2012
Statement of Liabilities and Commitments
Mahaweli Authority
Total Net Provision (1+2)
The Department of Commerce and the Sri Lanka Customs coordinated with relevant border agencies and line Ministries such as the Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Health, Department of Agriculture, Import and Export Control Department etc., to prepare Sri Lanka’s initial notification under the Agreement on Trade Facilitation.
Panama
Oral Skill Assessment will be conducted at District/Provincial level considering the number of candidates.
Fourth
Vienna, Austria
Cash flow spent on operational activities (b)
Accordingly, the Minute of Pensions shall be revised.
Mr. Anura V. Maddegoda and Mr. V. M. Weerasinghe have been appointed as the other Members.
Yours
Government Accounts Circular No: 260/2017
Vehicle rental income
Department of Wildlife Conservation
Grants Received
Details of Estimated Revenue, Billed Revenue, Collected Revenue, and Outstanding Revenue for the year under review and for the preceding year are as follows.
Administration Fees and Payments
It was maintained under that Ministry continuously till April 2010 and thereafter transferred to the Ministry of State Resources and Enterprise Development.
Experiments conducted on effective water management practice for cluster onion showed 3 days irrigation interval can successfully be used for NCB soil.
Subject to the approval of the University Grants Commission, steps are being taken to appoint Dr. P.B. Terney Pradeep Kumara as the General Manager of the Maritime Protection Authority for a period of two years with immediate effect.
Moreover, subjects and functions of the Expenditure Heads included in the Vote on Account were amended by subsequent Gazette Notifications.
Allocation made in the Budget Estimate for the year under review
Date of Transfer
Through fulfilling the alternative qualifications applicable to Category 1 above, it is possible to be exempted from the requirement of acquiring the language proficiencies specified for other categories.
The gross salary, which is entitled to the officer as at 31.12.2015 shall be calculated on a hypothetical basis and the adjustment allowance to which the officer shall be entitled from 01.04.2018 shall be determined in the following manner.
It seeks to increase the collaboration between the judiciary, probation and the police, and to ensure the maximum welfare of the child.
Through Divisional Secretariats
Cash Flow from Financial Activities
Mr. S. P. K. K. A. Liyanage
3. Anamaduwa
The ownership of the Race Course has been transferred to the Ministry of Sports with effect from 05-07-2011 and the management of this Race Course has been assigned to our Authority with effect from 23rd October 2011.
There are 77 Legal Aid Centers island-wide inclusive of the Colombo Center which operates directly under the Head Office.
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards and for such internal control as the Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements whether due to fraud or error.
The above Memorandum was considered with the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning and subject to the implementation of those observations by the Ministry, the two proposals mentioned in the Memorandum were approved as recommended by the Advisory Planning Committee appointed by the Cabinet.
A series of loans valued US $ 382.37 million for the rehabilitation of 56 Km Railway Line from Pallai to Kankasanthurai and Improvement of Signaling and Telecommunication Facilities in the Northern Railway Line had been signed in 2012.
Under utilized Assets
1. Establishment of Integrated Management System (ICIM) to improve land productivity in all major/ medium irrigation schemes
Number of posts
The candidature of any applicant who fails to produce one of the above documents shall be cancelled at the discretion of the Director of Sri Lanka Institute of Development Administration.
The Finance Commission has provided directives through guidelines to the provinces that they should prepare their Annual Development Plans in line with the above strategies at macro level.
Lockers - 65
Regulations of the year 2014 made under the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy
Director - Animal Health
It is informed that, since Janashakthi General Insurance who provided the "Residential and Hospitalization" coverage of this policy has partnered with Allianz Insurance, that part of the insurance coverage will be continued by the Allianz Insurance and the "Life and Serious Illness" part will be continued by the Janashakthi Insurance PLC as before.
Excise Offences
It was scheduled to be completed by July 2015.
In this context it is prominent that we gather the ideas from the staff members as a solution for the problems such as the strategies taken for program standardization, identifying the problems experiencing by the management as well as the staff members and planning the remedies in order to solve such problems   in future.
Interest on real estate loans
Thebuwaththe Gamaralalage Ananda Sri Dharmasena
No of the applications forwarded for one day service
No. of sealed units
Building and construction
Eligible applicants will be summoned for an aptitude test.
Vauxhall street,
As a result of the investigations and raids carried out through the committed efforts and cooperation by regional set up of the Sri Lanka Police as well as the Special Task Force following corruption related offences and statutory offences have been detected.
Dr. I. D. V. L. Dharmawardene is a Class I Officer of the Sri Lanka Animal Production and Health Service.
Sri Lanka Printing Institute
Issuing good quality animals for breeding to farmers at reasonable prices
Social Welfare Superintendent
Corporate Profile
Corruption related Offences and Statutory Offences
Obtaining the approval of the Board of Control was delayed.
Shopkeepers freed from the sale of cigarettes
Failure to assess the properties
Need to supervise the activities of the contractor in an effective manner.
The targeted schedule of conducting programmes could not be achieved in the backdrop of the failure in the part of the provincial officers who were entrusted the job of organizing necessary programmes at the  provincial level and educating about the project.
Providing food aid to the World Food Organization
Name of the plant
Arrangements were made to provide housing aid to 38 persons in the Anuradhapura District in view of the Deyata Kirula programme.
(Increase / Decrease) in prepayments
Tax amount (28%)
Workshop on TV Antenna Design – 02 days
Resources given to other State Institutions
The Financial Statements included in this Annual Report have been audited by the Auditor General.
Reimbursement expenses (Rs. Million)
Rs
Employees
Attention to be made to record the petty cash expenses in the correct accounting period.
Mr. Muditha Prasanna Jayasinghe, Member Board of Governors
Ministry of Finance and Planning
Sub paragraph (II) mentioned under
Category/ Subject / Description of the item
Import and Export License Fees
1. Upgrade the 2Mbps internet leased line to 4 Mbps.
Whether the resources of the Company had been procured and utilized economically, efficiently and effectively within the time frames and in compliance with the applicable laws.
1. Number of registered marriages
ISO 9001: 2008 Certification for ITI R & D Laboratories and Information Services Centre
Action not taken for recovery of arrears of revenue.
Pass in Sinhala or Tamil as a Second Language at the G.C.E (Ordinary Level) Examination
Accordingly, the complaints investigated till the end - 104
Sweden International Development Institute
Soil and water management
Countries
(c) Environmental Issues
3.	Motor Mechanic
04. Construction of International Arbitration Centre, Colombo
Before 11th January 2016
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards, and for such internal control as management determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
The recommended rate of Nitrogen, 150 kg/ha was found to be the optimum Nitrogen rate for chilli.
(c) Section 6.5.1 of Public Enterprises Circular No. PED/12 of 02 June 2003
Teacher Instructor Training Programs Conducted in the Year 2014 to Teach Public Officers and the Community
Total Expenditure (Rs/-)
Election Commission
(IX) Working Capital Management
Preliminary measures in establishing a Project Management Unit for the smooth initiation of newly introduced Police Information and Communication Systems Project of the Department have been worked out.
Cash limit
4.5 Contributions of retired public officers shall be remitted monthly to the National Insurance Trust Fund after recovering such contributions by the Department of Pensions.
Bank Charges
Waste Water Recycling Training Program (District Secretariat)
(Up to 2014 December 31)
Implementation, Objectives, Funding and Duration of the Project
09.	North
6.6 The Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation (BIMSTEC)
Out of the billed revenue of Rs. 109 million in the year under review, a sum of Rs. 108 million had been recovered and a sum of Rs. 19 million had to be recovered further as at the end of the year under review with the arrears of preceding years.
In line with Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation’s 30th Anniversary, an Awarding Ceremony was organized for the staff members of Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation, who have completed a service of over 25 years
Rail & Roadways
N.Nimalka Dias
W. P. C. Wickramarathne
Whether the funds, materials and equipment supplied under the Grant had been utilized for the purposes of the Project,
(c) Making arrangements to plant Cyprus trees around the Race Course as a beautification and environmental protection program.
Information relating to earnings, dividends, and net assets per share is presented in Financial Highlights and Decade at a Glance Statements.
In terms of the Cabinet approval received in 2014 an internal committee from the Department of Police and an external committee comprising veterans in the field were appointed and the amendments to be made to the Ordinance were identified.
Mrs. Nanda Karunasena
Thrikonamitiya Programme – GCE/OL
SSC/ SASA/ SALD/ ADG
All material post balance sheet events have been considered and disclosed or adjusted, where applicable.
District Returning Officers were informed to instruct  all officers in the district to report to the polling stations before 2.00p.m. on the day prior to polls day by using public transport services and polling staff who came from other districts and the staff who had to report to the remote polling stations where public transport facilities could not be obtained, were to report to the relevant polling stations in the afternoon of 16.08.2015 by using transport facilities provided by the Returning Officers.
Not applicable
3.6 Idle and Underutilised Assets
Total provision days
Myo-inacitot
Revenue of Stores
A sum of Rs. 804.19 million (JPY 637.16 million) had been disbursed to Participating Credit Institutions (PCI) during the year under review with regard to 76 sub-projects under this loan scheme.
71E,Ihalagama,
Until 2013, the house to house enumeration of electors commenced on 1st of June every year, however, taking into consideration the provisions of the Registration of Electors Act and the decision to certify the register within the relevant year, the distribution of enumeration forms among chief occupants commenced from 15th May in the year 2015, as it was done in 2013 and 2014.
soil investigation and testing Landslide related studies,
Since the commencement of the Project, an Advisory Board and a Steering Committee have been established to focus on child protection within the judicial system.
These festivals have been celebrated by this Ministry in 2014.
27 Officers who are working at Provincial Department of Health Services had not been transferred for last 07 to 35 years.
The Commissioner of Elections attended the main function held in Badulla District.
Three Research Committees were conducted and the approval has already been granted for the research papers of outside researches recommended by the committee members.
No. of clients serviced by LAC during the period from January to December 2014
Other deposits
Mrs. I. G. Soida
MEDICAL CLINIC
Kollupitiya,
02. Annual transfers of the following services belonging to the Combined Services should be effective from 1st of January 2014.
7.55 a.m. to 5.55 p.m. – Hourly News (local and international)
(c) Nine trade stalls at the Ambanpola Bus Stand, a milk bar and 14 trade stalls at Mahawa Public Market had not been given on lease for more than a period of 03 years.
3. Facilities and Services Division
Place Names
Glossaries on law, information technology, psychology, statistics, agriculture, botany, mathematics and physics are 85 percent completed.
Table 15: Expenditure Information-Zoo Development Funds
Irrigation Technology
(f) Accuracy of the three fundamental adjustments/ prior year adjustments, including write offs & write back balance, deferred liability for grant assets, accumulated depreciation of property, plant & equipment aggregating Rs. 55,965,516 shown in the financial statements could not be ascertained in the audit due to unavailability of details such as adjusted balance, reasons for adjustments and approvals for the adjustments.
Plan tracing and line drawings issued by the District Survey Offices
(To be referred to Column 5th of D. G. S. A. - 4)
Further, recommendations of appointment of Inquirers into Sudden Deaths, Justices of the Peace, Unofficial Magistrates, Commissioner for Oaths and Sworn Translators are other functions discharged by this Division.
Mr. Norbat Wimalarathne
1.5 Functions
(b) Stock
Annual board of surveys had not been carried out for the year 2016/2017.
Diploma on Translation Studies (full time)
State Attorney’s Branch
As such the value of that stock had been overstated by a sum of Rs. 440,654 thus resulting in the over statement of the profit for the year under review by that amount.
Providing musical entertainment for beneficiaries/ parents/ staff
Groundwater monitoring network (55 wells) established under DSWRPP-phase I in Badulla pilot area has been regularly monitoring twice a year and water samples of the wells have been tested for full analysis.
Mr. Mohan Samaranayake
Nambia
Funds for acquisition of non-current assets are provided mainly by the General Treasury and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Investment of funds
IAEA/ RCA Regional Training Course on Application of New Mutagenesis Techniques in Crop Plants
copping intensity
Activities such as the development of mosques, religious institutions, Muslim and non-Muslim schools in the area, the organization of various programs, competitions and prize giving ceremonies, honouring of religious pioneers and the publication of historically important books in the area are carried out.
The Protocol to incorporate the ATF into the WTO Agreements was opened for ratification end of 2014 until July 31, 2015.
In future, Sri Lanka has agreed to work towards sustainable development under 17 Goals and 169 Targets declared by the United Nations at the Sustainable Development Summit.
Indonesia  02
Underground cable system (13Kv) included in the fixed assets had been depreciated based on the economic useful life of 12 years since the year 2012.
Signing a Memorandum of Understanding between Sri Lanka and the State of Qatar for the Advancement of Sports
3.6. Rubber Traders
Authority No:
A number of 129 cemeteries in the division of the Sabha belonged to the Divisional Secretariat but actions had not been taken for those cemeteries to be taken over by the Sabha.
Awareness program for civil society presidents
Mr. S. J. K. S. Kumara
Entomological Assistant
This includes loans obtained for development project financing and repayment of funds received from international rights issues.
Response of the Audit and Management Committee
Cameroon
Further, necessary action will be taken on requests made for mutual transfers that will not disturb ordinary functions and of which contents should be considered on urgent and sympathetic grounds, if such requests are forwarded along with the observations and recommendations of the Head of Department.
Dayata Kirula 2012 Anuradhapuraya,
Superior Courts Complex,
With the opening of the Colombo-Katunayake Expressway, traffic congestion at the existing Kelani Bridge has been increased and as a solution for this, the new Kelani Bridge will be constructed with six lanes under the financial assistance of the Japanese government.
Response of the Management
Mr. S. B. Aravinda De Mel
The training period is around one year and during this period they are provided with the required foods, accommodation facilities, health facilities and the training on free of charge.
Mr. N. Wijeratne Peiris
(g) According to the Annual Action Plan, a sum of Rs. 900,000 had been allocated for the purpose of collection of 50 samples of various type of Geuda and analysing the composition of chemicals therein and to prepare final reports by identifying heat level of 06 samples.
Staff Development Training Course 1 day
Recognising of Gain / (Loss) on Fair Values Changes
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Water sampling and chemical analysis
As an outcome of the first bilateral talks, the Government of Belarus removed Sri Lanka from the list of Off-Shore Countries with effect from the 26th November 2014.
Construction of kitchens for house Nos. 10,11 and 13
Office Documents 10
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
Repaired inner roads of Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation premises
Balance - 1.04
Monthly Report of Rent and Mobilization Advance Accounts
Commercial Representation of the Department of Commerce comprises 25 officers in 23 Sri Lanka Missions aboard, engaged in promoting and safeguarding Sri Lanka’s commercial and economic interests in the host countries, with special emphasis on trade, investment and tourism.
Ranaviru Real Star II
I communicated with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that I identified during my audit.
Central Province
Consumer Affairs Authority
Other Capital Programmes
4. Opinion
(ii) Out of the petty cash imprest amounting to Rs.60,000 retained during the year under review, a balance exceeding Rs.25,000 had been retained continuously as cash in hand.
Identity Certificates
As soon as the "Debit" Notice is received from the Bank, action should be taken to send a certified copy of it and a copy of Form No. TD / IMP / 06 to this Department immediately.
Digital printing
USD (million)
The authority for the appointment, transfer, dismissal and disciplinary control of mediators is vested with the Mediation Boards Commission.
Some Orchid species also in flower during this season.
Direct Employment
For that purpose, a contract agreement had been entered into with a foreign Company on 26 April 2012 by the Road Development Authority.
Decentralized budget
Financed (Code No :)
Rs. 800,000.00
Special attention is needed in respect of the following areas of control.
Grants Received
Beliatta and Weerakettiya Swimming Pools
Measures were taken to ensure that the changes made using Tipex in the cash ledgers without following the Financial Regulations 156 (5) are not continued.
National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI) branch of the Survey Department was established recently with directives given by the Cabinet of Ministers for efficient sharing and effective use of spatial data.
Entrepreneurship Development Trainers, Livelihood Development Field Officers, Development Intermediaries, Entrepreneurs
New manufactures were induced to enter into this section by way of upgrading new business opportunities, thereby making their business sustainable.
(Losses under F.R. 106 and F.R. 113)
The construction is planned to be carried out under two zones as Sri Lankan Zone and World Zone.
Completed 90%
My No: EST-2/POLCY/03/0798-I
Distribution Loss Reduction Program
Participation in exhibitions held by the National Design Center, which has been active in the Divi Neguma National Development Program since its inception in 2011, and based on the data collected, training programs for job seekers was implemented and equipment and materials were provided to the participants of the training programs.
Trade and other payables are stated at their cost.
Two circulars relating to provision of communication facilities and transport facilities for the officers in Commercial Corporations, Statutory Boards and State Owned Companies had also been finalized.
Written tests in respect of the categories set out in paragraph 03 should be conducted twice every year from 2014 onwards by the Department of Examinations on behalf of the Department of Official Languages and the oral tests by the Department of Official Languages.
Therefore, as per the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers no 08/0562/325/004 dated 10.04.2008, all the public institutions should take actions to celebrate the “Republic Day” on 22d of May every year.
In the year 2014, funds have been provided for the development of infrastructure facilities at the Niyagama Textile Center in the Southern Province under this program, which was implemented with the objective of improving the production capacity as well as productivity of the handloom industry.
That is 48% of the approved cadres.
Contract No.: C17
Number of files advised
03. Inability of obtaining loans prior to the surgery.
F.R. 69 applications approved by the Department of National Budget will be submitted to the Department of State Accounts.
The project estimated cost is Rs. 270 million.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Financial Statements.
Mar. 18-20
In addition, overtime, travel expenses, loans and advances of employees of all the above institutions are auctioned off by the courts and the approval of bail by public officers is also done by this division.
2. Perahettiya
These data will be used efficiently to upgrade the management plan of the Thalangama EPA.
Conducting Research on Hindu Religion and Tami Culture
Preparation of project reports and obtaining recommendations of the National Planning Department.
The Company has had exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments and the Company applies various risk management strategies to mitigate these risks from time to time.
12. Acting as guardian of the temple property
D. G. S. A.5 (i) - Financing of Expenditure by Project of each Program
3.6.7 Floriculture Research & Development Unit
6) Cash and Cash Equivalents
Wallalgoda Sarana Sewana Elders Home
Consultancy service
The theme of this was “the Official Languages Policy, its usage and Ethic Rest”.
Conducting annual audits.
Profit
Therefore, printed copies will not be issued by the Department hereafter.
Costs of other maintenance and repairs are included in the income statement.
Report of the Auditor General on the Financial Statements of the Sri Lanka Handicrafts Board for the year ended 31 December 2012 in terms of Section 14(2)(c) of the Finance Act No. 38 of 1971
(b) "Heidelberg Sordz" machine, used for the printing of newspapers by Infor Media (Private) Limited had remained idle for over two years.
Annex 14
Member Representing General Treasury
(iii) It has been mistakenly included.
Legal Draftsman’s Department
TECHNICAL SERVICES
Current situation
Conducting Sri Lanka-Special (Single-Country) Propaganda Campaigns in Hosted Countries
Acting Auditor General
Name of Workshop
Dr. H. M. S. Heenkenda- Director (Fruit Research & Development Institute)
W. A. D. Niranjala
Summary of Recurrent & Capital Expenditure of the Ministry of Rehabilitation and Prison Reforms as well as the Institutions which are under the purview of the Ministry
Length (km): 14.5
5.17 Observers of the Association of Asian Election Authorities (AAEA) and the Forum of the Election Management Bodies of South Asia (FEMBoSA) participated as foreign observers with the coordination of the Department of Elections.
This book provides a great deal of information to policy makers in the District.
Assistant District Secretary
Until the modules indicated in paragraph 09 above are prepared, the Commissioner of Official Languages should take action to determine the most appropriate books for the acquisition of official language proficiency, publish the scanned PDF copies of the said books in the official website of the Department of Official Languages, print an adequate number of copies of such books and introduce a mechanism to make such books accessible to the Public Officers who require them.
The ministry has initiated value chain development programmes to enhance value addition in the manufacturing industry.
Department arranged and conducted Saiva Siththantha Classes for the people who are interested in it.
Aranayaka
Secretary to the Cabinet of Ministers
Chapter 01
Memorandum of Association among BIMSTEC member countries concerning establishment of a BIMSTEC Centre for Weather and Climate
H.T. Kamal Pathmasiri
Private
Boating revenue
It is expected to construct a National Sports Museum in order to protect historical value of the sports for the sake of future generation by erecting a centre for preserving sports memorabilia.
I am pleased to have the opportunity to issue a message with the Annual Report containing details of programmes implemented in the district in 2014.
Participating in the Deyata Kirula Exhibition held in Ampara from 23rd to 31st March 2013
Closed on government holidays, email and fax connections are in operation within 24 hours.
The revenue collected in the year 2017 included the receipt of arrears amounting to Rs. 35 million relating to the preceding years.
Social Organizations
Procurement programme materials - foreign
Balance as per Treasury Books as at 31/12/2014 (Rs.)
However, 55 progammmes had to be carried out due to the demands from the principals of the schools
The Debt Conciliation Board consists of five (05) members, appointed by the Minister, one of whom shall be nominated by the Minister to be the Chairman of the Board.
(b) Without being authorized to repeat orders except in exceptional circumstances in terms of Guideline 3.6.1 of the Procurement Guidelines, 100 ½” water metres  amounting to Rupees 325,000 had been re-ordered and purchased.
These Financial Statements are presented in Sri Lankan Rupees.
Rural bridges and entry roads
Rural and regional level field officers, community leaders, community development trainers, development mediators, community activists,
2.5% - Essential industrial raw materials and equipment
Physical Progress as at end of the month: 65%
Proposed Projects for 2015
Furniture & Office Equipment
Action should be taken in accordance with Rules.
Trade and services
Chapter II
Acquisition of financial assets
11.4 Details of newly obtained vehicles for the Department of Elections in 2015 are given below.
Meetings
ACC 116 and 28 showed the highest Brix value of 21.0 while ACC 27 had the largest fruit size (330g).
2. Internal Audit Activities
Multi-sector (Regional Development)
Personnel Emoluments
13. National Dangerous Drugs Control Board
Accordingly, the Ministry and its affiliates and all District Secretariats have commenced language preparation and training of relevant officers.
3. National Level Co-operative Organizations
(b) The sports equipment purchased for Kollupitiya Watta Children’s Park by incurring Rs. 504,878 on 24 December 2016 had remained idle without being taking action to fix those even by the end of the year under review.
Large Scanners
64 posts for the Ministry and 20 posts under the affiliated institutions of the Ministry had been approved for 08 provincial offices.
4.3.1.3 Embedded Control Systems
At present we are equipped with modern laboratories, equipments, and specialized manpower.
Ministry of Law & Order and Southern Development
Co-operative Development Officer
As per Section 16(1) of the National Audit Act No.19 of 2018, the Fund is required to maintain proper books and records of all its income, expenditure, assets and liabilities to enable annual and periodic financial statements to be prepared of the Fund.
USD
A detailed schedule should be prepared showing the date of the deposit, the details and the manner in which the value is to be incorporated.
Instructions need to be issued to the provincial authorities to utilize the allocations to achieve the expected targets.
Mrs.T.Gowreeswaran
P. S. No. 2014/353 - Second Instalment - Part XVIII - State Corporations - Report of the Auditor General 2012
Public Management Assistant (I/II/III)
Action had not been taken to transfer these assets.
Construction of access road is in progress.
Prawn farming undertaken adjacent to the Puttalam lagoon brings a large sum of foreign exchange to the nation.
Date of the Vacancy
Idle/Under-utilized Assets
It had not been registered at the Department of Inland Revenue relating to Value Added Tax whereas tax had not been recovered from the officers and remitted under Pay As You Earn Tax.
Under this, the total sown and harvested plots of land in the district were counted.
Land Acquisition Surveys
Mr. Dulkith Wickramarachchi entered the legal profession from the Sri Lanka Law College and is currently pursuing a Postgraduate Degree in International Trade from the University of South Wales, UK.
Prompt actions will be taken to allocate budgetary provisions regarding the budget proposals of 2018 and accordingly, you are further requested to take expeditious actions to implement relevant Budget proposals.
Creating food security for Sri Lankans
Such various kinds of religious and cultural festivals are celebrated by this Ministry annually.
Introduction to Astronomy - Workshop
Exhibit captive animals with minimal disturbance to their lifestyle to gain knowledge and amusement.
Advance A/C
Mr. S. A. S. Suriya Kumara
Financial Progress from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015 (231-01-01)
Number of files that were given grants in 2014
The present District Secretary (Acting), Ms. Malani Lokupathagama has been holding office since the year 2015.
All lands and buildings belonging to the Sabha had not been inspected every year.
Please show reasons for difference between above 5 and 6.
Coupon Rate (%)
Manage information for decision making purposes.
"Pura Neguma" Local Government Improvement Project
Schedule 3
19.2 Deposits and Advances
Dr. Wasantha Dissanayake
With a formal administrative structure and extensive network throughout the island, this Ministry has made extensive contributions to district and regional development activities.
23:9. The effective date of the punishment imposed by the disciplinary authority on an accused officer after completion of a formal disciplinary inquiry or after calling for his explanations should be the date on which he committed the offence relevant to the charge.
In my opinion, except for the effect of the matters described in paragraph 1.3 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Rideegama Pradeshiya Sabha as at 31 December 2017 and its financial performance for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
Housing loan
Maldive Islands   03
Speedy computerization of information in respect of each project
(a) Treasury Circular No. IAI / 2002/02 dated 28th November 2002
(K) Awissawella
Linkage between production and demand
Assistant Director (Wagolla)
Activities performed in Line with the Deyata Kirula Development Programme
Conducted two design review programmes on provincial bank regulation and reviewed the plans of bank regulations of all the districts.
Even though, provisions of Rs.500,000 had been made available in the budget of the year 2017 for renovations of cemeteries, no renovation work whatsoever had been carried out from the provisions.
Name of the Department - Muslim Religious and Cultural Affairs
8. Chairman, National Insurance Trust Fund
A Board of Survey had been appointed for the field of lands and buildings.
Reviewing of the Construction designs of the following;
Admission will be done by calling applications from interested parties through newspaper advertisements published in the national newspapers in Sri Lanka.
Dharmasariyar Residential Seminar, Colombo
Obtaining Project Loans
Gampaha, Biyagama, Mahara, Attanagalla
Sri Lanka Insurance Board
C.S./A.T./02
The Ministry exercises accounting responsibility in respect of Supreme Court, Appeal Court, 20 Provincial Civil Appellate High Courts, 31 High Courts, Commercial High Court, 51 District and Magistrate’s Courts, 31 District Courts, 49 Magistrate’s Courts, 02 Children Magistrate’s Courts, 26 Circuit Magistrates’ Courts, 37 Labour Tribunals, Quazi Appeals Board and 65 Quazi Courts.
Therefore, even if we bring this asset to the books the significance that it will have on the financial position would be very low.
Ms. Nirasha Ratnaweera
M. E. A. Secretariat
(a)The buildings, furniture and motor vehicles costing Rs. 5,096,661 fully depreciated but in use at present had not been revalued and brought to account.
(C)New Proposed Projects
Auditing of Government institutions in Divisional Secretariats with a minority of nationals above 15% were held in 2013
Pretoria
Lion Dens
Moratuwa Municipal Council
03. The payment shall not be made to officers who have already obtained uniforms and tailoring fees for year 2013 as per the provisions of the Establishments Code and relevant circulars.
It has been informed to relevant parties that arrears would be paid regularly in due course.
Accordingly, the Performance Report – 2014 in respect of the above Departments including the Ministry of Rehabilitation and Prison Reforms is as follows.
District Exhibition
(Please see Annexure 01)
Arrears for the year in which the report is made
12-days Short Term Language Training Courses are organized by the National Institute of Language Education and Training for public officers who are unable to attend the part time language training programmes.
Debt repayment tax
Non-regenerative assets
A NDVI is an equation that takes into account the amount of infrared light reflected by plants.
Sub Inspector of Police(Hewisi Orchestra)
It was observed that a separate audit report had been issued by a firm of Chartered Accountants on the financial statements of HIV New Funding Model Component of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria Project for the year ended 31 December 2017 to the Ministry of Health, Nutrition and Indigenous Medicine and expressed qualified audit opinion thereon.
Superior Courts Complex
It also updates the master plan of the water sector in the Western Province, including assessing the current water resources and estimating the future demand for water.
12th December - 05 days
India
A.D.B.					13.30 1,445.71   NIL 21 10.06 1,280
Elephant Orphanage conducted a special programme to commemorate “World Children’s Day 2014” with the participation of a group of school children from the Kegalle district.
Action had not been taken to debit to the Gratuity Fund Investment Account and to credit to the Gratuity Fund Savings Account.
v. Prevention of Corruption and Raids
Nikaweratiya
Total cost Rs.
Major Scale Irrigation
Home Assistance Program for Persons with Disabilities
Mrs. M. S. A. Hinted
The accuracy of the four fundamental adjustments / prior year adjustments including write offs and write back balances, deferred liability for grant assets, accumulated depreciation of intangible assets and accumulated depreciation of property, plant & equipment aggregating to Rs. 19,406,114 shown in the financial statements of the Company could not be ascertained in the audit due to unavailability of details such as adjusted balances, reasons for adjustments  and approvals for the adjustments.
Declaration and proper management of wildlife reservations with the specific objectives of preserving catchment areas of major reservoirs providing water for agriculture and hydro-power generation, religious and cultural heritage, endemic and rare wildlife species and exclusive ecological systems
Stage Two - listing of companies relevant to industry, trade and service sectors
It must be stated that despite such challenges the staff performed at optimum level to carry out activities of the District Secretariat successfully in 2013.
3.1 Financial Result
Source – 118 Emergency Call Unit
Number of Municipal Councils: 01
North East Power Transmission Development Project - Lot A, Lot B & Lot C
Number of Divisional Secretariat Divisions: 19
They represent the expenditure estimates of Line Ministries.
Current assets to current liabilities (ratio)
(b) The total sales during the year amounted to Rs.656,071,402 while the cost of sales was Rs.656,675.864 thus the gross loss amounted to Rs.604,462.
It is accepted that only a few shops are open for trade or business here on a daily basis.
International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)
Bamboo & Cane Division
International cooperation
Action should be taken to establish Internal Audit Units in the Management Trust and thereby strengthen the systems and controls in terms of the Financial Statements.
Sanitation and Hygiene Initiative for Towns Project in South West Sri Lanka (Phase - 01) - 2017
(a) A sum of Rs. 3,743,720 had been paid as salaries, overtime and bonus for the year 2012 by the Corporation for 05 officers recruited on contract basis and released from Corporation service.
Accounts System – University of Moratuwa, maintenance agreement has been signed.
Contract No.: C1A
The Hon. Minister of Highways, Ports & Shipping has continued to give the Corporation, his fullest support, advice and encouragement for which the Corporation is thankful.
Your attention is drawn to the following facts in respect of the provisions stipulated in Public Administration Circular No 46/90 (IV) dated 13.10.2011 and Public Administration  Circular No 46/90 (V) dated 10.05.2012.
Ministry of Health, Nutrition and Indigenous Medicine
Change of Stations- Returned
23th April 02 Days
Establishment of Bilingual Facilitation Cells has been operating since 2012 with the purpose of facilitating the people to get their work done in the language they prefer.
More than eighty people attended the event.
Opening Balance
Out of that, 242 applications were programme transfers and 1,347were project transfers.
International Trade Related Functions
Where there is objective evidence that the carrying amounts of receivables are not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss.
Polonnaruwa
(b) (i) Section 4.2.2 of the Public Enterprise Circular No. PED / 12 dated 02 June 2003, although the Comprehensive Plan, Budget, and Performance should have been reviewed timely, no such action had been taken in respect of the year under review.
Sri Lanka Poultry Development Company (Pvt) Ltd
Decrease 536.1 mm-
Construction of a lavatory building
Description of Liability
The bulk of rice imported by the Department of Co-operative Development was completely maintained by the Food Department itself.
(5) Advance payments
National Policy on Disability 2003
Ceylon Shipping Agency
Accrued Expenses 31 / 12 / 2013 rupees
Preparation of draft annual budget estimates in consultation with spending agencies and relevant departments of the Treasury
Balances to be recovered from the officers serving in the Department/ Ministries
Take measures to ensure harmonization of environmental policies with other sector policies so that environmental sustainability is ensured in the development process
Awareness on Judicial Activities (Divisional Secretariat, Niyagama)
The Board of Directors (“Board”) is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards and for such internal control determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error.
Cross-checking the payment claimed by donor agencies with CS-DRMS forecasts, authentication of payments and making necessary recommendation for CBSL to pay the due amounts on time
3. 1 Performance
Providing Necessary Concessions to Farmer Community
02 Months
Facilitate procurement of restricted and strategically important military equipment and services for the Sri Lanka armed forces, Police and other state-owned institutions directly from the foreign state-owned organizations & manufacturers in an expeditious manner whilst maintaining external secrecy & internal transparency
References to vocational training
Second intermediate Workshop on Robotics was successfully completed providing practical exposure to 18 participants and income generated amounted to Rs. 270,000/=.
Launching Ceremony of “Advice” Magazine and “Pinketh” “Sanda Madala”
These were outstanding in full at the year end.
1043 identity cards exceeding the target of 1000  were issued in 2011 to close relatives of ranaviru families.
We are unconditionally committed to the needs of the client.
Bronze
At the request of external craftsmen
The following functions are performed by the Department of Law Commission for the above purpose.
All activities were carried out in 2013 with the approval of the Board of Directors.
(Administration)
Actual Expenditure
Supply and Consumable good
Sandith Samarasinghe
Loan approval forms, which were used to approve loans by the Secretary to the then Ministry of Enterprise Development and Investment Promotion, relating to a sum of Rs. 804.19 million under 76 sub-projects, had not been submitted to the audit.
As described more fully in the report, this work has been in the fields of noise and vibration pollution including those on newly built ships, the high ways, atmospheric emissions and solid waste and waste water management.
Heladanavi Limited (jointly controlled unit)
Seminar on Economic Restructuring and Adjustment for South Asian Countries - China
Accordingly, these Gender Focal Points should be established in coordination with the Ministry of Women, Children's Affairs, and Dry Zone Development.
Similarly, when a turnover exceeding Rs. 3 million per Quarter is earned, the Company should pay Nation Building Tax.
5. Awareness and Cultural Programmes
(b) (I) Steps have been taken from this year to periodically review the Comprehensive Plan, Budget, and Performance.
In making new recruitments to the posts of Manager and the Accountant, approximately Rupees three hundred thousand has to be spent monthly for the payment of their salaries.
Lady Lohore Fund
Under this project, the existing medium voltage distribution lines will be extended by 625 km.
Rugby
(e) The additional works on rehabilitation and improvement works of Bibile - Uraniya - Mahiyangana Road had been carried out at an estimated cost of Rs.206 million including the improvements of the rehabilitation of access roads and internal roads of Presidential Bungalow at Mahiyanganaya and service roads at Mahiyangana town without obtaining approval of the Secretary to the Line Ministry in terms of Section 8.13.4 of the Government Procurement Guidelines.
Buildings
Mr. K. K. T. Rathnayake
Environment
PIP Thrust Areas/ Sectors 1
5.2.5 Details of Pensioners
Interactive Youth Camps were conducted by the SOND Institute in Jaffna  on 13th and 14th September 2014;  and a in Kantale by the RECDO Institute on 16th and 17th of September 2014.
1. Completed installation, testing and commissioning of digital TV transmission project for the Northern Province on February 2012.
(Preparing the office’s/ institution’s name in the order of Tamil, Sinhala, English in North and Eastern Provinces and Sinhala, Tamil, English in other Provinces)
Waqf Secretary of the Tribunal
Retained Earnings
Accordingly, the total number of accepted nominations was 501 which consisted of 300 nominations of recognized political parties and 201 nominations submitted by independent groups.
6. Departments and Institutions under the Ministry of Justice
(a) The following item of expenditure for the year under review as compared with the expenditure for the preceding year had increased unusually.
Prof. Sudantha Liyanage
Laws which Public employees must be aware of
A Resolution authorizing the Board of Directors to re-appoint B. R. De Silva & Company (Chartered Accountants), who have completed the term of service and eligible for re-election, as Auditors & to fix their remuneration will be submitted at the Annual General Meeting.
A report containing scores obtained by each exhibition stall was also prepared.
Note 15
Irrigation, Water Resources Management
This Institution was established under the National Language Education and Training Institutions Act No.26 of 2007 as a statutory body under the Ministry of Constitutional Affairs with the objective of implementing the trilingual policy of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
Elders Identity Cards
These gift and souvenir categories include gems and jewellery, tea, spices, leather goods, tableware as well as local masks and other souvenirs and also new designs promoted and introduced by Laksala.
No adjustments have been made in the inflationary factors affecting accounts and the financial statements are prepared in Sri Lanka Rupees.
In addition to that, decisions can be taken by a Transfer Committees to transfer an officer who has completed the prescribed period in a certain service station / area, in order to meet a reasonable request made by an officer or to implement the recommendations made by Heads of Departments on administrative grounds.
2.1. Financial Results
Develop human resources through local and foreign training
Stage V
Floods
According to the information received, it is expected to reduce the travel time from Colombo to the  Bandaranayake International Airport, Katunayake.
Examinations/Educational Programs - 45
In addition to fulfilling the targeted tasks as planned for the year under review the department was able to carry out the emergency surveys and maps requirements for the development project of government and social welfare activities.
non-compliances
Nearly 1000 interested public participated.
In order to implement a well designed short, medium and long term business plan in the competitive business environment, building up a well trained, committed and efficient work force has become a must.
Store Keeper (Management Assistant)
Statement of write off from books
Giving priority to Governmental projects & working towards the successful completion of them.
Mr. M. Peter Perera
(c) Whether adequate accounting records were maintained on a continuing basis to show the expenditure of the Project,
Poland
Employees are given unrestricted access to the management to voice their grievances and problems.
(ii) A sum of Rs. 188,081,250 relating to 10 sub-projects had been approved for disbursement before issuing the eligibility clearance.
Gampaha District
In terms of Section 126 of the Parliamentary Elections Act, action was taken to provide political broadcasting facilities to the contesting political parties and independent groups by the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation and Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation.
The balance to be paid for goods and services procured properly and contractual work certified as completed
During the first three-quarters of the year 2015, applications numbering 816 for such registration certificates and permits were received.
(b) A sum of Rs. 199,342 had been paid for laying gravel and renovating the road leading through the paddy field from Dambagahamula junction to the Agara Bund.
CSCL continued to serve its business on the general cargo liner sector hiring space on third party vessels on NVOCC basis.
Specialised Sinhala, Tamil and English language courses for special categories such as interpreters, translators and stenographers.
Kalutara, Negombo, and Matara
Drivers room in Kokavil Tx. Station,
No of Applications pending by the end of the 31st Dec. 2014
Progress Report - 31.12.2014
ACA-1 - Statement of Revenue for the period ended 31st December ....
Your salary is converted as follows in terms of the above circular as at 01.01.2016.
A pre-feasibility study for High Efficiency and Eco-friendly Coal Power Plants in Sri Lanka commenced with the assistance of NEDO (New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization) Japan, in 2013 and the study is now nearing completion
Sri Lanka Station Masters' and Clerks' Thrift, Savings and Credit Society Ltd.
(b) The decrease of sales income for the year under review as compared with the sales of the preceding year by a sum of Rs. 294,138,005 or 45 per cent.
Opportunities were provided to present claims and objections during the period of exhibition.
Under the Mortgage Act No. 6 of 1949, Director General of Commerce is empowered to declare any company, firm, institution or individual as an approved credit agency.
The Institution is registered under the Companies Act. No. 7 of 2007.
P.M.A.S. 11
District Land Officer
By Hand Through
Annexure I: COPE Meetings Attended by the Department
Rainfall
It has been able to increase it up to 95% in 2013 and 96% in 2014 respectively.
State Accounts Circular No:- 243/2015
Conducting and supervising district development activities from the allocations received from the decentralized budget
Nitrate
In addition to these the office participates in annual upasampada ceremonies of Asgiriya and Malvathu chapters and in particular in the occasions of prize distribution of Dhamma Schools.
Higher Education
Secretary of Defense
Deficiencies revealed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the Council from time to time. Special attention is needed in respect of the following areas of control.
Without being enquired in respect of monthly interest rates from the competitive public finance institutions, a sum of Rs. 2,500,000 had been invested as a fixed deposit in a public Commercial bank at the annual interest rate of 7.2 percent.
Secretary, Ministry of Technology & Research, No. 408, Galle Road, Colombo 03
2011/2012 Lanka Logistics & Technologies Ltd.
Direct Employment
The Department of Law Commission is constituted to extend administrative and research support.
The total capacity of these 76 projects connected to the national grid is 164 MW.
Overall physical progress was 40%.
Training Program on wastewater recycling (District Secretariat)
5.4.6 Note (ii)
Training & Research Training Course on Firearms Training-Mahaoya Police Special Task Force
Sports Officers and Coaches
No.: 12.
The financial expenditure of these activities were about Rs. 25 Million.
There was a considerable variance of 15% to 100% between the budget and actual figures in six income and expenditure items.
Developing legal certainty and stability.
These agreements will be instrumental to bring the Sri Lanka’s Police Service to be on par with international police services.
Atomic Energy Authority
As per such index, Sri Lanka has been placed in the 5th position as the nation from among the fastest countries in the world that are reaching out for peace during the period from 2008 to 2014.
Further, the sum of Rs. 17,402,781 due from the Ceylon Fisheries Corporation as at 01 January 2018 had not been recovered even during the year under review.
A sum of Rs. 420,000/- has been provided to 43 members of the society, in the form of loans.
Walikamam South (Uduwil)
The staff of the Ministry as at 31.12.2014
Secretary
AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL FOR DISASTER MANAGEMENT AND THE DISASTER MANAGEMENT CENTRE; THE APPOINTMENT OF TECHNICAL ADVISORY COMMITTEES; THE PREPARATION OF DISASTER MANAGEMENT PLANS; THE DECLARATION OF A STATE OF DISASTER; THEAWARD OF COMPENSATION AND FOR MATTERS CONNECTED THEREWITH OR INCIDENTAL THERETO.
According to the Loan Agreement, the then Ministry of Highways and Road Development, presently the Ministry of Highways & Road Development and Petroleum Resources Development is the Executing Agency.
Nanattan - Man/St. Anne Central School Vankalai
SAARC Adults
Due to the changes introduced, Laksala became a	more innovative, customer friendly, financially stabilized and productive institution.
08. Chairman of the National Insurance Trust Fund
Duty Hours and Leave of Public Officers
16. Conservation of Nurthi and Old Songs
(i) Maritime Safety & Security,
People's United Front
Miscellaneous Foreign Aided Project (Reconstruction of 46 Bridges) - 2017
Purchasing of Books from Sri Lankan Writers
(b) As formal recruitments had not been made for the posts of Manager, Accountant and the Internal Auditor of the Trust, it had failed to properly collect income, prepare the financial statements and furnish them to audit on required dates.
Social Mobilization
Therefore, the incurred expenditure was lower than the allocation.
Due to unsettled contractors’ payment, winding up accounts had not been prepared.
Budgetary provisions
Today, we see the high demands on Maslow's hierarchy, such as gaining social acceptance by participating in sports.
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year
Every person qualified to be an elector is eligible to vote at the Presidential Elections, Parliamentary Elections, Provincial Councils Elections, Local Authorities Elections, and at referenda, provided such person is registered in the appropriate register of electors.
The estimated total cost of the Project amounted to US$ 5,323,102 for intensive HIV/AIDS control for New Funding Model and the entire amount was agreed to be financed by the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria.
The increase of the operating expenditure for the year under review as compared with the preceding year by a sum of Rs. 32.84 million had been the main reason for the deterioration.
Source: 118 Emergency Call Unit
Directors did not hold shares of the Company during the period ended on 31st March 2012.
The P Cygni type stars have expanding atmospheres and the studies of the star have revealed a unique spectral feature due to the Doppler Effect, called the P Cygni spectral line profile.
Before 15th October
January - December - 2013
Employees’ security deposits
All Island Financial Services Co-operative Societies.
A person had been appointed on contract basis for the post of Specialist Consultant of the Gem Deposit Exploration and Assessment Projection on a full time basis.
Ministry of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources
In such occasions, in order to determine the Salary Point applicable from 01.01.2016, the Salary Point should be calculated treating the difference between the two Salary Points at the end of the Salary Scale indicated in the due column of the relevant salary conversion table in Schedule II as the salary increment.
3.1 Financial Results
Deputy Director (Administration)
Reviewing the audit reports issued by the Auditor General and making the management aware of the actions to be taken.
Public Administration Circular:16/2020
Bope Poddala
The working capital position of the Company had deteriorated during the year under review, due to a lack of efficient debt collection procedure and proper working capital position management policy.
Even though, the provisions of Rs.124 million had been made for recurrent expenditure, the provisions of Rs.25 million had been saved due non-implementation of work as planned and the capital expenditure amounting to Rs.96,757,439 had been incurred exceeding the budgeted capital provisions of Rs.38,668,000 and as such it was observed that the budget had not been made use of as an effective instrument of financial control.
Estimate (Rs.)
These are compiled by the Ministry of Justice and sent to the relevant Ministry for necessary action.
The main objective of this forum was to build consensus among APTA private sector on the need to further develop a future roadmap of the APTA.
Ten motor vehicles belonging to the Council had remained idle due to deterioration of those vehicles and 09 official quarters had remained unutilized.
Counseling & Drug Prevention Programmes
Recognition of Motor Car Transferred from Lanka Tankers Ltd and Provision of Depreciation of Motor Vehicles
The loan assistance is provided by the EXIM Bank of India while the grant assistance is provided by the Government of India under the scheme of Special Development Projects and Small Development Projects.
Introduction
Divisional Secretariat, Eravur Town
Initiating a tripartite national pilot project with the involvement of Sisili Hanaro Encare Pvt Ltd, Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy, Central Environment Authority and the Ministry of Health to manage the clinical waste in an environmentally sound manner
Long Term
3.Ukuwela
In October 1997, the Corporation commenced concrete production at Urumpirai.
Industrial Services Division
The progress of the Department of Sports Development and Sugathadasa National Sports Complex Authority and the Anti-Doping Agency is not submitted with this report because those institutes are to prepare Annual reports separately.
6.6 The Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation (BIMSTEC)
Paddiruppu
Enable competent Emergency Operations Management
Mr. Edirisinghe Vithanage Prasad Rasanga Harischandra
Grama Niladhari Service
2. Providing library allowances and uniforms, collection of teachers and teachers profiles of 627 Dhamma schools
(iii) Out of the estimated cost of Rs. 5,813,532 work valued at Rs. 2,089,413 or 36 per cent had not been done.
This task is considered one of the most effective tools in promoting Sri Lankan exports.
-Employee
Summary of Revenue Accounts
Circuit Bungalow for Junior Police Officers in NuwaraEliya
Failure to make purchases in accordance with the Procurement Guidelines
Approved Cadre
Watcher 05
Further Title Plans which are included Buddhist Temporality Lands have been scanned and completed and action has been taken to provide such information to relevant temples.
Labor Tribunals have been established in following areas.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with SLFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates.
Saving Account Interest income
Section 12
Courses in sewing machine operations (Factories)
Relevant Field
Advance Accounts Report Treasury
Preparation and maintenance of updated project pipeline which are to be implemented with foreign assistance
The following subjects shown in the financial statements could not be satisfactorily vouched or accepted in audit due to the non-submission of the evidence indicated against the items.
According to the Circular No. MOFP/ERD/2007/02 of 07 August 2007 of the Ministry of Finance and Planning, the financial statements of the year ended 31 December 2015 are required to be submitted to the Auditor General on or before 31 March 2016.
The Sugathadasa National Sports Complex Authority is comprised of the following institutions for providing the above services and facilities.
To be the excellent Regional Centre in the field of Scientific and Industrial Research for National Development
2000 hrs, 4000 hrs, and 6000 hrs engine maintenance works were carried out.
Officers of Junior Grade
Phone Number: -
Benefit
Accrual  Office Furniture & Equipments
The progress of this study is shown in Table 8.
Part I
Sri Uththararamaya, Passara
The Department of Information Technology Management was established under the purview of Ministry of Finance and Planning as per the decision taken by the Cabinet of Ministers on 28th November 2012.
The structure and content of the financial statements including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
No.: 07.
Kumbuk
August 07
(c) Salary Scale: Rs.
11. Ministry of Indigenous Medicine
Operational results with price variations according to financial statements
Management Assistant (111)
Hindu Kalai Kalanji
Operating Profit (Million)
NTV Unit
9. Associated Motor Finance Co Ltd
This Board consists of the following members.
It has been informed to discuss with the Minister of Finance and report to the Cabinet.
Table 9: Provincial Requests on Capital Needs (PSDG) -2016
Under this survey, the average yield was estimated using a samples of harvest  from two plots of land from a village from selected villages in each divisional secretariat area.
Implement personal development programs to socialize inmates  granted home leave and released as good citizens.
Loan Amount (USD million)
Length (Km): 18.71
Government Translators’ Service (I)
Updating of these situations required by law from time to time on the changing needs is crucial towards the efficiency of the performance and productivity.
Sold Price
Recruitment of Attorneys-at-Law at the Supreme Court
Property Loan Interest to Public Servants
The No. 1 distribution division successfully carried out its operations with a distribution loss of only 9.5% during the year.
(b) Copies of the receipts of vehicle parking fees were not made available and as the relevant details had not been mentioned in the counterfoils of receipts it did not ensure the accuracy of charges recovered according to the category of vehicles.
Intervention is required from the Attorney General's Department & Ministry of Finance to expedite the process.
Cultural and religious activities carried out within the year 2015 by the district secretariat for the Galle district.
For loans and receivables carried at amortized cost, the amount of the loss is measured as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows (excluding future credit losses that have not been incurred) discounted at the financial asset’s original effective interest rate.
Abaya Sanath Nishantha Perera
Period of Completion
06 Sri Lanka Tea Producers Co-operative Societies Federation Ltd. 01
My opinion is qualified based on the matters described in Paragraph 2.2 of this report.
(c) The cheque for Rs. 1,656,000 given by a sales agent for 5,100 bags of cement supplied on credit basis in the year 2003 had been dishonoured.
For the first time, the Rural Development Training and Research Institute has adapted the research methodology for development in Sri Lanka.
Mr. J. Wickramapala
District and Divisional Officer -Hambantota
4.1.16. Pension Payments Progress - 2015
Seminars on pannisai was conducted at Bulathsinhala on 20.12.2014 for Aranery school students of Kaluthara District
Most of items less than 02 years are not included in any fixed asset.
Membership fees for professional executives
Designer
Senanayake No. 04
General Treasury
Foreign Debt 2
Mrs. S. Priyangika Silva
No adequate internal audit system had been maintained in connection with the stores transactions as per the Provincial Council (Financial and administration) Rules 5(7), 1988.
These instructions were also published in a Gazette notification and the Commissioner of Elections took steps against the Heads of relevant institutions and provided necessary instructions when complaints about such violations were received.
Tissue culture banana production
TOTAL CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
(iii) Even though there were unusual delays in the settlement of advances, supervision had not been carried out in this regard.
To formulate and conduct research courses in various aspects of the administration of justice and to provide library facilities and other educational material for judicial officers
Exhibitions and Conferences
Planting materials issued free for farmers and other institutes.
This information includes the centers maintained by these offices (Libraries, playgrounds, markets, cemeteries etc.), number of employees and their salaries, expenses incurred and the expenditure made.
(b) A sum of Rupees 34,509 deposited but not realized in 02 bank accounts had not been settled for a period ranging from 07 months to 06 years.
Stationery and office
Mr. R.M. Gamini/ Mr. E.M. Jayatissa
Civil pension calculations and payments
Formulation of policies for consulting services
Population of the district (according to the 2012 census): 1,063,334
The value of 24 lands and buildings utilized by the Sabha, had not been assessed and brought to account.
1.5 Annual celebrations
News gathering - foreign
The Capital expenditure is Rs.457.17 million and the recurrent expenditure is Rs.345.71 million.
National Agricultural Research Project
Note 12-bank overdraft
Coexistence Wisdom Program
4. Actual Figures after removing the adjustments under Financial Regulations 503(1)
In making those risk assessments, the Auditor considers internal control applicable to the Company’s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to plan audit procedures, but does not intend to comment on the effectiveness of the Company's internal controls.
The Sama New Year festival of Dehiwala was held with the leadership of the Divisional Secretary, by the organizing committee of Dehiwala Language Societies successfully.
Note 06.03.03-finance cost
Gratuity
Ten precept mothers’ registration application form
Leasing assets
Duration (Month): 15
Purchase of 5,000 bullets for fire arms was done.
My Opinion is qualified based on the matters described in Paragraph 2.2 of this report.
Any changes in these assumptions will impact the carrying amount of defined benefit obligation.
(iii) Fisheries Management,
Net Effect Savings/ Excesses
Monthly / Quarterly Cash Flow Statement as per Approved Expenditure Plan - 2019 (Must be duly completed and submitted before 16.01.2019)
(A) Puttalam
It has been approved by the Cabinet Office and was launched in March 2015.
However the division has been successful in directing the Corporation’s financial management so as to safeguard the financial stability and financial independence of the Corporation.
The Public Trustee is established as an independent legal entity under Ordinance No 01 of 1922 and has been amended by Ordinance No. 11 of 1931, 59 of 1938 and Law No.44 of 1973, 25 of 1975 and Act No. 41 of 1983, 61 of 1988 and governs the institution and its ancillary matters in accordance with the relevant Ordinance.
Activities for transferring graduate trainees
Even though the approved staff had been 293, the Board had deployed a staff of 301 in service.
Primary income generated from the sale of airtime and other peripheral incomes were recorded in conformity with applicable accounting principles and standards.
Electoral register of year 2015 was certified on 31.12.2015 and two national level elections namely, Presidential Election and the Parliamentary Election were conducted during the year 2015.
ADMINISTRATION & OPERATION
DGM (North Central Province)
Youth Games,
Due to the drying up of the wells, which is the main source of water in the Ruwanwella town in the Kegalle District during the dry season, people in the area are suffering from severe water shortage.
Chief Accounting Officer
Phone 2887028 - 34
The progress the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation achieved during the year 2012
During the past period the planters had drawn a greater interest for cultivation of rubber.
Although the land allotment plan pertaining to Mihijaya Village Phase I and II had not been approved by the Sabha, the land had been developed and prepared for sale.
USD 6,424 million out of this, was for loan repayments and USD 2,822 million was spent on interest payments.
02. Legal Officers
Rent and local taxes
1.1.5 Events Occurring after the Reporting Date
Cash in hand -
Calibration Laboratory of ITI currently accredited for temperature, mass, dimension, volume and electrical calibrations.
Divisional Secretariat - Passara, Badulla
Recognized in Equity
Security & Housing Loan
The Financial Statements of the group are presented in Sri Lankan Rupees.
It is this unit’s responsibility to compare the program line ups scheduled with those of the other television stations and present the programs in an appropriate manner and also enter the programs to the line-up that are suitable for family viewing.
Raids
Hon. M. K. A. D. S. Gunawardena, Deputy Minister of Budhasasana and Religious Affairs, Members of Parliament from Ratnapura District, District Secretary, Director from Department and heads participated at this occasion.
The non-compliances observed during the course of audit are given below.
Original Value as at 31.12.2011 Rs.
2. To provide assistance of the Field Officers under this Ministry for them on necessary occasions
The Wasantha Udanaya Of Dimbulagala was organized by the Polonnaruwa Migara Matha Language Association members.
Accordingly, needy elders over the age of 70 who are neglected from children and relatives and not getting any financial assistance scheme such as Government Pension, Widows’/Widowers’ & Orphans’ Pension, Employees Provident Fund, Farmer, Fisheries or Self-employment Pension or any other social insurance scheme are selected from divisional level are considered for this scheme and priorities are given to elders with chronic diseases and disabilities.
(a) Re-construction of Athurugiriya to Kolonnawa - 15 km, double circuit, single GTACSR/ZTACIR line
Participating in the international tourism fairs
Signature and official stamp of Head of Department
The Government of Norway has introduced a new GSP plus (GSP+) category for lower middle income countries with effect from 1st January 2013.
2.9 Unsettled Liabilities
Number of Diagrams Issued
Accordingly, police authorities, local government authorities and other officials as well as school children have been acquainted with the legal provisions relevant to the implementation of the Official Language Policy.
Divi Neguma Manager
Training of Chief Public Management, Financial Assistants, Administrative Officers
Attendant
04. Telecommunication levy LDO 15/ 2015
M. P. Wickramaarachchi
The expenditure incurred in the year under review amounted to Rs. 161,995,774.
Extent of lands replanted (Hectares)
Identification of Drug users
This helplessness alone poses a serious threat to their care, security and dignity.
FPS/MEDS/16
Interest Income from Fixed Deposits
IX. Constantly review and exercise, legislative powers by non-parliamentary bodies with a view of ensuring compliance with well-accepted principles and the rule of law.
Acts and Regulations
08. Training Program on Procurement Activities
Polduwa Rd,
Improving the Christian Children’s knowledge on Religious Literature
Registered Temples, Hindu Religious Organizations and Hindu Aranery Schools in the Department
The case is heard at Marawila Magistrates' Court
June 04
Government Grants - (Capital)
Male / Female:
Sri Lanka Police Training College
Corporation refreshment / entertainment
TOMEJC mango variety which is targeted for export market was cultivated under the respective project.
Official Language Proficiency oral tests were also held for 2440 candidates from the Uva Province on 24th and 25th November 2014.
Reimbursement of following Critical Surgical expenses – Only for Member
Kelaniya–Disabled children empowering program
All Universities and their associated institutions in the Western Province took part for this workshop.
Being relieved of the oppressive situation in the home due to drug use
Non-relevant cases such as Land matters & Family Disputes
Schedule 02
Increase of income from Surety Bonds
he/ she or in the event of the officer's death his/her dependants shall be paid the compensation set out in this Circular.
Divisional Secretariat Division - Maharagama
Of this amount, the highest volume of USD 147 million was disbursed for the Hambantota Port Development Project.
5.1 Preparation of Financial Statements
The table below shows the number of offenders who received a correction order and the number of those who were admitted to jail without receiving a correction order despite being able to obtain one such during the first three quarters of the year 2015.
Project Name/ RDA Division: Maduragoda - Kotehena bridge
Two programmes named “Ladies in accordance with the Buddhist vision” and “Celebrating Male/Female equivalence” were held at the Ministry Auditorium.
The diverted water from Gin and Nilwala basin during South West monsoon period is to be transferred to meet the irrigation deficit in Muruthawela and Kirama Oya systems and excess water to store in Muruthawela & Chandrika wewa as presently these reservoirs get water during North east monsoon period only.
Rs. 375 million for the improvement of agro facilities
Garden Foreman
(viii) Clean Energy & network Efficiency improvement Package 1 - Mannar Transmission infrastructure Project
3. Financial Review
Making arrangements for the commemoration of the Independence Day, Wesak Day, and Poson Day
A uniform consisting of long pair of trousers and short sleeve shirt with the presently used skirt and shirt was introduced in a manner the uniform of the female officers of the Police Department facilitates their duties and also to be on par with those of the female police officers of the foreign police services.
Next
22.11.2011- Sudasuna Hall, Chillaw
Management Assistant (1)
Mr.S. M. Piyatissa
4. Construction of 1 MVA primary substation at Hambantota at a total cost of 6 Million
Web Site:  www.lawandorder.lk
The World Bank's top investments in 2014 were USD 147 million for urban development with a view to improving the country's middle income needs and living standards, and USD 295.5 million to mitigate the adverse effects of climate change on society.
Railway
As has been the case since 2007 with the Sovereign accessing the international market for funds, in 2014, Sri Lankan Airlines Limited (SLA) issued USD 175 million for 5 year Fixed Rate maturity  guaranteed by the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka due 2019 at an interest of 5.3 percent.
It generated a load increase of 2 MW.
Mr. S. M. Dayarathna
Foreign aid USD 25 million
Another main task is the maintaining of direct coordination with the Western Provincial Council.
Mr. Buddhi Keerthisena
iv. Infrastructure
"Kreeda Shakthi Training"
One per cent of selling price had not been recovered in dividing lands into allotments and selling while 01 per cent of estimated selling price only had been recovered.
Wood Division
2.2.5 Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
3.6.1 Non-documentation of Assets
Horton Plains National Park
National Highways Sector Project - Additional Financing
Trendis Marketing
23. Office Helpers (KKS)
3.2.1 All Island Financial Services Co-operative Societies
Eighth instalment
Austria
Facilitate the effective and efficient utilization of external resources
Welisara store no.05 - An amount of Rs 250,000.00 and two installments of Rs 50,000.00 have been paid from the due amount of Rs. 910,602.91.
Battery Test 3rd Quarter - 2012
As per the Grant Agreement, the estimated total cost of the Project was US $ 13.10 million equivalent to Rs. 1,559 million.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Anura Sidney Jayarathna
(a) For the resolution of paragraph 08 (1) of the Memorandum:
10.2.3. District Assistant Commissioners of Elections, Mr. K. J. S. Madhawa (Anuradhapura), Mr. W. H. R. Vijaya Kumara (Matara), Mr. G. D. N. De Siva (Kegalle), Mr. R. V. N. Gunawardene (Colombo District), Mr. H. I. R. Hathurusinghe (Polonnaruwa), Mr. U. D. D. Chandraratne (Hambantota) and Mr. G. R. A. K. Gamlath, Internal Auditor and Mr. H. W. N. Kumara, Accountant of the Elections Secretariat participated in the Training on Election Management held in A Web Secretariat, Incheon, South Korea from 21.04.2015 to 04.05.2015.
Accordingly, 8005 officers have been acquired language training through the 214 language classes in 2014.
"French MI" and "Israel Blue" were the best performing varieties under all training systems.
This resulted in a drastic improvement of the productivity in coal discharging and lightering in the port of Puttalam.
Maintenance of radio communication network
No action had been taken to recover the amount of Rs. 50,000 deposited in the Sri Lanka Local Government Employees' Union on July 13, 1999 at an annual interest rate of 2.5 percent, with the approval of the Commissioner of Local Government.
Schedules, Confirmation of Balances and Age Analysis
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1.2 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Agrarian Development Fund as at 31 December 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
(f) Agreement between Lessor and Lessee: An agreement including all the terms and conditions should be signed between the relevant Government agency (lessee) and the vehicle supplier (lessor)
Transfers to foreign countries
(e) When calculating the service of an officer in a Department, the period in which the officer was not in service due to reasons beyond his control will not be taken into consideration.
According to the financial statements presented, the working of the Centre for the year ended 31 December 2012 had resulted in a deficit of Rs. 25,146,825 as compared with the corresponding deficit of Rs. 26,704,768 for the preceding year.
(ii) Financial Regulation 715(2)
The Accounts Division is entrusted with all financial affairs and the procurement activities of the Department.
2.6.Revenue
12 of these workshops were conducted for the co-operative employees of Kurunegala and Puthalam Districts concurrently with the DAYATA KIRULA Development Project.
Special attention was given to expedite the development activities of the following projects with the co-ordination of the main contractors and consultants of such projects at the ministry level during this period.
Government Officials
This unit is administered under the Additional Surveyor General (Central).
According to the progress reports furnished by the Project, the activities such as construction buildings and reservoirs and providing of water connection etc., under the Project had been substantially completed at the end of the year under review.
11.0 Auditing
Accordingly, new officers were recruited as per the requirements of each post, and the officers who had met with necessary qualifications were also promoted.
Attendant/ Cook/ Rehabilitation Assistant/ K. K. S. (PL 1)
Communication cables, power lines and pipelines
Once an officer has been granted this opportunity he / she will not be considered again for the same.
Consultant
Helping war heroes to get land issues settled
The Department of Elections was established on October 01, 1955, after amalgamating the Departments of Parliamentary Elections and Department Local Government that has been existed till the mid of the decade in the 1950s.
During the year under review
1.3.5. Lack of Necessary Written Evidence for Audit
Provide information required by the Presidential Secretariat, Ministry of Finance, Central Bank of Sri Lanka, other line Ministries and Parliamentary Consultative Committees.
Description of Estimated Provisions
AFM (Projects)
16. Technical Assistant
Hence, such officers/ employees shall inform of the following in writing in advance to the management of the institution
The Road to Reconciliation - 3 Civil Military Liaison – the key to social progress
The Department of Examinations, Sri Lanka will submit the results of such examinations in May and November respectively to the Commissioner of Official Languages.
31. Pallepola
Progress up to December 2015
However, the Agents had not taken any responsibility to recover the debtor balances related to the commercial advertisements.
Cash Flow Statement has been prepared using direct method.
Scientific Officer, International Cooperation Division, Atomic Energy Authority
Welfare Programmes
This is being printed at present.
Balance as at 01.01...
Income from renewal of registration fees of Tsunami housing schemes
10. Implanting Pacemaker- Double
Action is in progress
Net provisions savings/excellence Rs/-
9.1.6 By the letter No. DMS / 1014 dated 30.12.2015 of the Director General of Management Services Department, Ministry of Finance, the post of Class III of Sri Lanka Accountants’ Service (Assets Management and Procurement) was upgraded to the Class I of Sri Lanka Accountants’ Service.
Predictions
Set Up Global Positioning Point
M. G. A. L. M. Perera
Urgent Requirements Expenditure in 2014
Bottled King Coconut Water
(b) The evidences relating to 4 accounting items valued at Rs. 15,389,078 had not been submitted to audit.
Rehabilitation of about 50 kilometres of provincial roads and rehabilitation and/or replacement of selected bridges in the Northern Province
I. To provide facilities for the exchanging of ideas on judicial and legal matters among judicial officers.
(f) When calculating the period of service of officers who have to be attached to another Ministry due to revision of Ministries, the period of service in the Ministry which has been abolished will also be taken into consideration for the total period of service.
Mobile Service of the Rehabilitation Authority held in the Batticaloa District on 12/13.06.2015
Whether adequate accounting records were maintained on a continuing basis to show the expenditure of the Project from the funds of the Government of Sri Lanka and the Lending Agency, the progress of the Project in financial and physical terms, the assets and liabilities arising from the operations of the Project, the identification of the purchases made out of the loan, etc,
Ongoing Projects
Depreciation/ Amortization
Top level Co-operative Societies
The day of 11th October 2008 marked the inauguration of the Community Police Concept.
Ministry of Productivity Promotion
Besides, since there was an earnest necessity to maintain a quality buffer stock of rice, necessary proposals were presented to renovate damaged warehouses of the Department, following a scientific storage system.
2. Voters' Day - 01.06.2014
Income and Expenditure Statement for the Year Ended 31st December 2012
The Ceylon Fertilizer Corporation is the leading state institution engaged in the importation, mixing and distribution of 65 percent of the fertilizer, under the Government Fertilizer Subsidy Scheme.
This department was established in May 2013 in a new building with modern scientific equipment and all the other facilities in Pelawatta, Battaramulla.
Income tax expense
Provisions have been released for projects from Ratnapura, Badulla and Colombo districts.
The increase rate is 0.83%.
33 programmes had not been implemented totally within the entire savings.
Product Amount
Major Irrigation Schemes – Batticaloa District
The District of Puttalam is one of the two districts belonging to the North Western (Wayamba) Province.
Anuradhapura East
01. Observation of proposed legislation system on Clinical Trials
Revenue Collection
Divisional Secretariat, Tissamaharama
Mr. Channa Najida Perera - Design Development Officer
The media sector plays a major role in creating a sports culture.
Additional Grant Financing for North East Local Service Improvement Project
Length (km): 47.5
The security gate module is to be integrated to the system.
Opening up an alternative roadway towards North, East, North Central, North Western and Central provinces and thereby expansion of residential and industrial areas
Replenished by the Ministry of Public Administration.
Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation,
11. Janapathi Jana Hamuwa
Change in working capital
885th University Grants Commission Meeting Approves Master's Degree Course
Construction of 26 permanent houses
6.2.3 Deposits and Advances
(for the contributor)
The estimates on revenue expected to be collected by the Chief Accounting Officers /Accounting Officers, who have been entrusted the responsibility to collect revenue under revenue code "20.02.01.01", the revenue of rent on government buildings & housing, for which the Secretary of Ministry of Public Administration, Home Affairs, Provincial Councils and Local Government acts as the Revenue Accounting Officer, should be submitted to the “Chief Financial Officer” of the Ministry of Public Administration, Home Affairs, Provincial Councils and Local Government along with a soft copy to the e-mail address "buildingrentpubad@gmail.com" prepared as realistic and accurate as possible as per F.R. 85 (1), (2).
12-days Second Language Training Programme with parallel to the Deyata Kirula National Exhibition
Total imports under ISFTA recorded US $ 540.1 million for the same period.
Acting as a mediator in establishing management corporations for the proper management and the management of the common property of the residents
It is informed that there are excess employees.
D. S. Office - Gonapinuwala
12-day non-residential language training programs for public officers
Weligepola 23,24,25,26,27.06.2014
Year 2018
There was a difference of Rs.5,779,257 between the balance according to the financial statements and the balance according to the schedule related to 04 Account items.
Therefore, considering the available capacity, scope of the project and total cost estimate, required provision for the particular financial year should be clearly identified within the Medium Term Budgetary Framework.
Allocation: Rs. 449,673.33
To mark Broadcasting Co-operations’s 87th Anniversary
The address of its registered office and principal place of business is 35, D.R.Wijewardene Mawatha, Colombo 10, Sri Lanka.
Provided the following technical facilities for studio and outside productions;
Jump to month
Deegoda Gamage Yasarathna
Protection Section
Business Promotion
Accordingly, from 2012-2013, 14 new models have been developed in the country representing several public institutions.
Provisions for income tax
Rural Development Research Institute - Pilimathalawa
Deficiencies in Systems and Controls observed during the course of the audit were brought to the notice of the Chairman of the Centre from time to time.
This Task Force acts as the national coordinating body to advise and monitor activities to be implemented in combating human trafficking in Sri Lanka.
As a result, the invested capital and additional funds provided amounting to Rs. 6,313,833 were lost by the Company.
Mr. A. T. U. N. Seneviratne
Maintenance a buffer stock of 8000 MT of rice for the consumption of SAARC countries as per the Colombo SAARC Charter
(c) In respect of Advance Accounts Activities
Veterinary Division
The counting of votes of a centre commences immediately after the receipt of the last ballot box at the centre and the report of disturbances at polling centers.
Enforcement of laws enacted under Act of Parliament No. 28 of 1996 to promote, enhance and protect the rights of persons with disabilities
2014 117 'ය, ෂ, ර, ල, ශ, ස, ශ්‍රී, හ, ව - වෟ'
(a) Establishments Code of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka
(a) Whether the systems and controls were adequate from the point of view of internal control so as to ensure a satisfactory control over project management and the reliability of books, records, etc. relating to the operations of the Project,
The annual production for the year 2013 was 567 GWh.
You are here:
Morris Wijerathne
D.O- Development Officers
The income earned by the Institution in the year 2012 was Rs.77,173,543 and the total expenditure (with Financial Expenses) along with the allocation for depreciation was Rs.238,331,667.
Part II - Tendering is in progress.
Overhead Recoveries
(2) Other reasons-
5.1 Request for Provincial Capital and Recurrent Needs
Providing development/counseling services for the development of Co-operative Societies and Federations.
5.3 Maintenance of Vehicles and Machinery & Equipment
Vice Chairman has been appointed as Chairman
DGM (North Western Province)
Lobsters
US$ 248.2 will be a loan facility from the People’s Republic of China while the balance is to be met out of local funds.
Dissanayake Wimalaweera
Ensure that all employees are responsible for their duties by empowering them and minimizing interferences in their works
Ensuring proper maintenance of condominium property and intervene when necessary.
SAARC Countries
The documentary on "Role of DOL and how volunteer facilitators could asssist in filling up the language gaps" is a part of this programme and the script of this is completed and finalized at DOL level.
Financial Progress from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015 (233-01-01)
Rs. 160,000.00
Katuwana
Machinery Training Center
The cost of the project is US$ 529 million.
Child Development Activities
Vavuniya District
Secretary to the Ministry / Head of the Department / District secretary
The STF under its training programmes for officers in other institutions conducted training courses for police officers from Maldives as well as for personnel from Sri Lanka Police, Navy, Air Force and the Department of Prisons.
Stock & Work in progress is valued at cost or net realisable value.
Money received under 5.1 above, should not be credited to the General Deposit Account from August 2015 onwards.
To make a contribution of USD 500 million to GDP by 2020
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards and for the determination of the internal control necessary to enable the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error.
United People's Freedom Alliance
Amount agreed for financing
The main function of the Legal Draftsman's Department is the transformation of the Government policies on diverse subjects into legislation in line with the Constitution and the decisions made by the Cabinet of Ministers.
1.3 Basis for the Qualified Opinion
However, that project had not commenced even as at 31st December 2018.
Code
Ministry of Co-operatives & Internal Trade
Mr. Nisantha Ubayawansa
Institutions listed in Schedule II - before 10th January 2018
Margin (100 basis points)
Mrs. P.C. Janaki - Secretary
The details of the project are as follows.
Mr. A. Hemapala Perera
Srimath Anagarika Dharmapala Mawatha,
Non-completion of vacancies.
It will directly as well as indirectly contribute vastly to the economic development of the country.
Veterinary Biological Products in 2016
Market
The Office of the National Secretariat for Elders implemented diverse programmes and projects throughout Sri Lanka for the wellbeing of the elderly population in the country in year 2013.
The Agreement on South Asian Free Trade Area (SAFTA) was signed in January 2004 during the 12th SAARC Summit held in Islamabad, Pakistan.
Furniture and fitting
Length: 52.13 km
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1.3 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Kuliyapitiya Pradeshiya Sabha as at 31 December 2017 and its financial performance for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
07. Staff of the Ranaviru Sewa Authority/
(8) Property, Plant, & Equipment
In addition, project supports to implement urgent climate mitigation investments required to ensure the short-term integrity of flood control and irrigation infrastructure, transport network and critical education facilities at risk.
2.2.6 Accounts Receivable and Payable
Net Provision (Including FR 66 Transfers)
According to the 2030 Agenda of the Sustainable Development Goals, it was planned to implement the programs such as gardening programs to get rid of poverty, maternity and child care programs to improve health and physical fitness, programs for prevention of diseases, various awareness programs, sports activities, and youth development activities and ayurvedic clinics, constructions for improvement of infrastructure facilities and repairs and maintenance of roads.
Construction of the prefabricated buildings was found to be an ideally suited quick method to provide residential facilities to police officers when they were to be deployed for services aimed at creating an environment conducive to maintain law and order in the areas of the North and East in the aftermath of the resettlement of civilians there.
Subsection 19:5, Chapter XLVIII of Establishments Code
Pannala Pradeshiya Sabha
(d) The maximum and minimum stock levels had not been specified for all factories.
The value of assets, plants and equipment as stated in the financial statement should be stated as reserve value under net assets / capital.
Providing motorcycles for Forest Field Assistants
The value of 83 development works proposed to be implemented in the year under review amounted to Rs.56,175,968 of which 66 works and proposals  amounting to Rs.26,500,000 had not been implemented.
33 people
Two full-time drama and theater workshops were held at St. Joseph's Girls 'School, Nugegoda and Sirimavo Girls' School, Colombo.
Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation (BIMSTEC)
Banks - Charges
ANNEXE I
Arrangements have been made to hold the launching ceremony of the Research Reports and Academic Publications Annually Printed by the Division of Social Development Policy Research and Publishing, National Institute of Social Development on Wednesday, July 11, 2017 at 2.30 pm with the patronage of Hon. S. B. Dissanayake, Minister of Social Empowerment, Welfare and Kandyan Heritage, Deputy Minister Ranjan Ramanayake, Secretary to the Ministry Mahinda Seneviratne and the Director General of the National Institute for Social Development Dr. Ridley Jayasinghe at the auditorium of the Ministry.
Enhance knowledge on the multifaceted issues related to climate change in the society and build their capacity to make prudent choices in decision making
According to the Sri Lanka Accounting Standards LKAS.24 “Related Party disclosures” Key Management Personnel are those having responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity directly or indirectly.
1 AB schools
Predictable logic control course
As Secretaries to the Ministries / Heads of the Departments / District Secretaries and Commanders of the Three Forces, they are personally accountable for updating the books of accounts of their respective institutions as per the Treasury Printouts (Table 67) in view of the instructions provided in the paragraph 01 above.
Introduce policies in relation to IT usage.
work with External Institution1
Depreciation allocations for disposals
7. Proclamation of National Sports Day
Mrs. A. M. R. A. Jayasundara
(i)  Guideline 5.6.1 (a) 145,241 Purchases had been made without giving specifications.
Advance Payment - P / C 50,800.00 Office Documents 5. 2
02.Awareness creation for the  Hospital Staff
7. Supervision of associated departments, statutory bodies and public corporations affiliated to the Ministry of Sports
1. National Language Development Programme
III. Performance of the activities relevant to Settlement of Lands (a) Conducting inquiries in respect of claims for the Settlement of the Lands; (b) Forwarding information of settled lands for surveying and demarcation; (c) Gazetting and Publication of Settlement orders; (d) Releasing of villages after Settlement
6. ‘Haritha Uyana' program
‘Thala’ – Channa Upuli Dancing Concert live telecast - Lotus Theatre
Number of Land Development Ordinance Licenses Issued
Class of Capital
The Project commenced its activities in December 2011 and is scheduled to be completed by 31 December 2015.
Specialist in  Cardiologist, National Hospital of Sri Lanka
Transfers from work in progress
V. Submission of claims and objections under Section 14 of Registration of Electors Act No. 44 of 1980. (Revision of Electoral Registers – 2015)
Israel  10
The awakening of the lives of the people in Northern & Eastern areas after defeating terrorism, the awakening of tourism and about the places of worship that were isolated for almost 30 years.
Action taken to rectify the error
Reservoir capacity: 64 MCM
Local Training
All the spending agencies are requested to prepare the required Action Plan and Procurement Plan in order to fulfill the targets to be achieved based on the Key Performance Indicators (KPI) relevant to all programs and projects mentioned in the 2018 Budget, prepared on the basis of priorities of the government.
Accordingly, a total of 1,086 foreign training opportunities were received in 2014 and out of them 71 were long term training opportunities and the balance were short term opportunities.
Kataragama circuit bungalow income
If there is nothing to be reported in relevant formats, a certified “Nil" report should be submitted.
8th Floor,
Fuel (Rs. million)
Ministry/ Department
(a) Whether the systems and controls were adequate from the point of view of internal control so as to ensure a satisfactory control over Project management and the reliability of books, records, etc. relating to the operations of the Project,
2.3 Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
DEPARTMENT OF LEGAL DRAFTS
Five varieties from Korea were tested.
USD 16.3 million Grant
With regard to relevant languages’ status or its use
Self Employment Donations
12/08 to 14/08/2013 To participate in the Multi-Year Program on Advanced Railway Operation organized by the Korea International Co-operation Agency (KOICA)
Sri Veeraiyadi Aranery School,
Mr. Mano Ganeshan, the Hon. Minister of National Co-existence, Dialogue and Official Languages, Secretary to the Ministry, Commissioner of Official Languages and an officer representing the National Institute of Language Education Training (NILET) took part for this programme.
Shifting of prisons that are currently located in the middle of the cities to more spacious areas away from the populated cities.
Best Editing
Rent income
Research Officer, Field Crops Research & Development Institute, Mahailluppallama
Mr. T. H. C. S.  Perera – Director (Socio-Economics & Planning Centre)
I. The codification of law
Initiatives were taken to enter into an Agreement with the Mobitel Institution to improve bilingual learning  (level I) through an “E-Learning” distance learning method.
Note (5) - Trade and other receivables
2.3.5 Court Fines and Stamp Duty
This Project which commenced its activities in February 2014, has completed and embarked on several initiatives.
Retained earnings
Name of the Road / Bridge
(a) Debtors / Creditors Control
The Details of Provision for Impairment of the Trade Receivables
Introduce a more effective methodology of early intervention of childhood disorders
ACE Power (Embilipitiya)
"Our mission is to ensure the freedom, protection, self-sufficiency, participation and dignity of the elderly, to encourage the participation of the elderly in social development work, and to protect the rights of the elderly through awareness programs."
Management:
Eksath Lanka Maha Sabha
Training programs for the staff of the Institute
1. Ayagama
With the assistance of this project, the first Bar Association of the Sri Lanka Junior Bar Association was held with the participation of two hundred junior lawyers island-wide (including 35 from the Northern districts) at which forum a high-level panel discussion was held with the participation of the Hon. Chief Justice, the Attorney General, the Secretary of the Ministry of Justice, the Inspector General of Police, and President of the Bar Association of Sri Lanka.
A/A
Bridge works are in progress.
Provide income generating avenues to people in those areas through Wild Elephant Conservation Parks.
Interest Receivable 2011
Conferences
A monthly interim allowance of Rs.2,500/- should be paid to all pensioners from the month of November 2014 until such time the pension is revised in accordance with the new salary structure and the pension so revised is implemented.
Operation and Maintenance of the Transmission Division
(a) The Public Officers Advance “B” Account No. of the relevant institution and the updated amounts that have to be recovered to the Public Officers Advance “B” Account from the relevant officers should be accurately recorded in the online Application for Retirement (PD03) and the Application for Death Gratuity (PD05).
Net Budgetary Provision
Temple Trees Garden
Payments to Officers
Pani Wijesiriwardane
This is 16% of the total training opportunities Sri Lanka received in 2014.
Ambagamuwa
Annex 25
Divisional Secretariat - Koralai Pattu South
Human Resources Manpower as at 31.12.2011
According to the financial statements presented, the excess of revenue over recurrent expenditure of the Sabha for the year ended on 31 December 2017 amounted to Rs.70,720,262 as compared with the excess of revenue over recurrent expenditure of the preceding year amounting to Rs.63,234,039.
The Committee is constituted as follows.
Granting loans for skills development
Eheliyagoda No. 02
Amount Transferred
The stock of spare parts purchased in 1990 for Kankesanthurai Cement Factory and stored at Puttalam Cement Factory
Bursar,
In addition, the Department of National Budget was responsible for releasing the funds on time for the projects and programmes approved by the Cabinet to ensure their smooth implementation.
Chief Internal Auditor
Length of the bridge(m): 178
The following key projects were signed between GOSL and UN agencies in 2014.
Assistant Director (Sports) (1)
Mrs. T. H. T. N. Senarath
Compulsory savings program for promoting their savings
5. Development Activities
13. Selecting Candidates for international competitions on Recital/ memorization of the Holy Qur’an.
Mr. B. Gobi Krishnan
Developed NDVI(Normalized Difference Vegetation Index) image for each samples.
Previous year
In order to enhance the productivity and efficiency in respect of the examinations at the Sri Lanka Law College, arrangements have been made to conduct all internal examinations by an Independent Examination Division chaired by the Director-Examinations.
Providing technical guidance and support to achieve sustainable development in the livestock sector by maintaining a healthy animal population and enhanced productivity ensuring food safety and contributing to food security
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards and for such internal control as what the management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Taking necessary measures to hold fair and impartial elections as the District Returning Officer in all types of elections such as Presidential Election, Parliamentary Election, Provincial Council Elections and Local Government Elections
Name of District Secretariat: Galle District Secretariat
Other Receivables
(f) Whether the expenditure had been correctly identified according to the classification adopted for the implementation of the Project,
Funds
In the year 2015, the Languages Division has conducted its Programmes under four main objectives.
Rough Area (Hectares)
1. Ranviru Community Project
Evaluation of different storage methods
Technical Division
The above memorandum was considered with the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning and the Ministry decided to take these observations into consideration and act as stated in the last paragraph of those observations.
Energy input Gigawatt hours/ year
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1:2 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Hadabima Authority of Sri Lanka as at 31 December 2012 as well as its financial performance and cash flows for the year in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards.
Mrs. M. T. K. De Silva
Prison School at Watareka
To compile text books and subsidiary books for the language proficiency tests of public officers and for the sale of them.
11.6. According to the above particulars, the total number of vehicles owned by the Department of Elections as at 31.12.2015 is as follows.
According to above Table, 42,145 of total vehicle accidents in 2012 have come down to 37,877 by 2013 and to 36,050 by 2014.
17th October
Directors Emoluments
They are usually settled in cash.
Maturity Period (years)
My No: F/FR/03/BRCir
Participation of Other Officials in the Foreign Seminars/ Training Programs/ Workshops/ Meetings Held in Sri Lanka January - December 2013
Middle East and South Asia Division
Accordingly, 65,050 meters uniform materials have been purchased in 3 stages and provided to 22, 857 Aranery School Students including 10,968 male students and 11, 889 female students of 13 Districts of Kandy, Matale, Nuwara Eliya, Batticaloa, Kaluthara, Jaffna, Mannar, Kilinochchi, Mullaitivu,Badulla, Colombo, Galle and Ratnapura.
Funds released for the Bilingual Facilitation Cell in Kilinochchi District Secretariat.
(e) A part of the Reward Fund is allocated to the Fuel Fund without identifying specific criteria and the balance of this Fund as at 31 December of the year under review and the preceding year had been Rs. 182,653,578 and Rs. 191,881,945 respectively.
Inspection of Salary Registers
It is informed that the action will be taken later to notify the companies to pay arrears of taxes related to sales descriptions.
15 email addresses were made available to Ministry officials at a cost of Rs. 3085.69 per month.
Italy  59
Poddala - Galle
Stage II - Counting of ballot papers and the preparation of the statement according to the number of votes received by each party and group in the Electoral District.
03. Secretary to the Cabinet of Ministers
Special Projects in 2012
Law Tension (km)
Airport, Enroute and Passenger Expenses
Bachelor’s Degree
Accordingly, the National Design Centre maintains following funds.
Special Permit Applications
Regulation Project of Benthara Ganga right bank
Karate
Vote - 105-02-03-22-2502
Conducting awareness programs on ground water use
3.3 Assets Management
Development Division 1
Business World,
Gross Revenue Collection
Maximum 50
Implementing and directing the above policy programmes and projects within the agreed time and budgetary resources with the National Planning Authorities to achieve the relevant objectives
In achieving the targets, the Management had not paid due attention to the timely review of situations to identify shortcoming and address them.
A loan balance of Rs. 11,250 had to be recovered from 02 employees who vacated posts and deceased respectively.
Auditor General’s Report
10. Modernization of Tower Hall Theatre
02. It has been decided at the meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers held on 25.07.2013 that Sinhala and English texts of sub sections 23:9, 24:6, 27:10 and 36:7 of the above Chapter should be rectified revising them in the proper manner.
1.1 Introduction
It is accepted as a shortcoming that occurred in accounting.
The expenditure under special legal services was increased from Rs.1,001 billion to Rs.1,058 billion, specially, meeting the cost of increased debt service.
Mr. Prasanna Perera
Paramedical Services - Segment 2
Education programme -
Meter Testing Laboratory
In pursuance of such approvals, the opportunity was afforded to gear up the activities of the Department in a legal framework.
Mr. W. B. Ganegala (From 01st March 2013 )
No. of Expected Projects
Net Increase/ (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents
Although the collected license fee in the last year was Rs. 2.7 million, license fees collected during the year under review had been reduced to Rs. 1 million due to delays in collecting license fees and lower charging of health services licenses.
The inflation adjustments specified in the agreement is not incorporated due to inability to forecast future inflation rates.
Acknowledgement
According to the financial statements presented, the excess of recurrent expenditure over the revenue of the Sabha for the year ended 31 December 2017 amounted to Rs. 259,140 as against the excess of revenue over the recurrent expenditure of the preceding year amounting to Rs. 86,050.
The prime objective of this exercise was to create a satisfied workforce from the officers who were frustrated due to delays in the procedure of promotions owing to various reasons.
Profit after Tax
Details of the officials of the Department of Elections who retired from Government Service during the Year 2015
04 (02). Approved Cadre
Non-Conventional Renewable Energy Plants - The Non-Conventional Renewable Energy Plants of capacity lower than 10MW, are paid in two tariff categories such as;
Galle Grid Substation, Augmentation and Rehabilitation Project
The financial statements for the year 2017 had been presented for audit on 28 March 2018 and the report of the Auditor General on the financial statements had been forwarded to the Chairman on 30 October 2018.
Museums & Zoos, India
Income & Expenditure A/C
4.3 Audit Committees
Source: Barclays Bank
Under the current World Bank investment, the utilization for 2014 is US $ 195.6 million.
Sri Lanka Taekwondo Federation
Out of this, the balance for 2-5 years was Rs. 6,587,028 and the balance for more than 5 years was Rs. 5,822,619.
The directors confirm that to the best of their knowledge, all taxes, duties, and levies payable by the company, all contributions, levies and taxes payable on behalf of and in respect of the employees of the company, and all other known statutory dues as were due and payable by the company at the last date of the reporting period have been paid.
Industrial Services
Electric Coconut Scrapers - 01
-Clients
Equity & Liabilities
Medil Programme
(d) Without confirming the financial position of the respective societies in terms of paragraph 3.2 of the Public Finance Circular No.01 / 2012 dated 05 January 2012, 09 contracts had been awarded to nine societies totalling Rs.5,401,165.
Mr. Lasith Nalantha (representing Department of Official Languages)
(k) Advise government departments, statutory boards and corporations, public and private institutions on improving water resources, basic engineering knowledge, quality control of earthworks and concrete works, testing of hydropower models, land use planning
Expected and completed programs according to the Action plan 2014
Commissioner for Oaths
Security Equipment
Vijitha Group Company Limited
6 North Central
Whether the satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year audit report, and
Carry out groundwater investigations
Surveyor Department Surveyor Assistants' Thrift and Credit Welfare Co-operative society Ltd.
The total utilization recorded in 2014 was US $ 142.86 million.
Chairman's Answers to Audit Observations
46 - Boxing
Mr. W. A.Gunawardhana
For the contributor
Operating profit
Katugoda No. 01
23- 2 Debit Tax
In May 2013, this Department was shifted to a new building equipped with modern scientific equipment and all modern facilities at Pelawatte, Battaramulla.
Other financial liabilities
According to the Development Credit Agreement, the then Ministry of Higher Education and Highways, presently the Ministry of Roads and Highways, is the Executing Agency and the Road Development Authority is the Implementing Agency of the Project.
In addition to the members of the Board of Management above, the total number of permanent employees recruited as per the approved Scheme of Recruitment of the Institution is 32.
Awareness Program - Based on Bamboo & Coir
Deeds Issued
The receivable court fine was Rs.12,510,843 and the stamp fee was Rs. 54,245,325 as at 31 December 2018.
My responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audit.
Provisions for the year 2014
1. Mawanella
Children Teledrama - 01
With the dawn of peace in the aftermath of a three-decade long civil war in the North and East, energy supply to these two key regions of our country were finally connected to the national grid in a major consolidation of power supply to the nation.
2012 Rs
Action were taken to collect stamp fees and court fines.
3.6 Assets Management
Your subject:
1. Appropriate accounting policies have been selected and applied on a consistent basis and any Material departures have been disclosed and explained.
Three officers were trained overseas while four officers were trained locally on programmes related to activities of the NBD.
(c) Even though a sum of Rs.29,000 had been paid in the year under review through the Finance Manager of the Corporation to a private Company to link up the computers, such link up had not been done even up to 30 September 2013.
For 7,657 in 07 Provinces
2. Taking necessary measures to hold fair and impartial elections as the District Returning Officer in all types of elections such as the Presidential Election, Parliamentary Election, Provincial Council Elections, and Local Government Elections.
Asia Pacific Trade Agreement
No. of Registered Nurseries
Puttalam,
Colombo West
Establishment of the Lunugamwehera and Horowpathana wild elephant conservation park
Washing Liquid Production
Approved provisions
The agency has provided financial facilities for the sectors of irrigation, roads, and health and the amount of funds that is agreed to be provided for the ongoing projects is USD 123 million.
It is the responsibility of Heads of Departments to prevent such instances taking place and the Head of Institutions shall have to bear the responsibility for the payment of salaries if such officers are not released.
The cost of this is Rs. 37,028.28 and was incurred.
Un-reconciled Differences
Non-monetary grants are measured at carrying value of the non-monetary asset and account for both grant and asset at the carrying value.
Check that your home is in a sound condition, especially the roof.
Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited (ANCL)
Sole Crepe
Increased market value of land in Pradeshiya Sabha areas on either side of the highway
Sinhala Medium Classes
Arrangements have been made to pay VAT, Nation Building Tax, and Economic Service Charges.
Assistant Director Small Business
Representation of the People in the Ratnapura District
Quality
Correction Programmes for the Receivers of Community Based Correction Orders
Percentage of 85%
Total cost (Rs. Mn.)
Long term application of chemical fertilizer and organic matter ex-situ
The balanced in Fixed Deposit at the Bank of Ceylon is as at 31.12.2014 is Rs. 20.514 Mn
Credits during the year
19 Release of Surety
North Western 5,951 9
Re-awakening (Yali Pubudhimu) Project
Accountant
4.1.7 General Deposit Account
Accordingly, preparations have been made for 15, of the 12 Days Tamil Language Training Programmes organised by the Institute to be held in the year 2014 in the targeted Districts of Deyata Kirula Exhibitions in Kegalle, Kurunegala, Puttlam and Chilaw Districts.
Food-drink and uniform
Denny Hettiarachchi Mw,
The term of office of the Council ended on 15.05.2015
Divisional Secretariat – Gampaha
(i) Since the Sabha had not aware in respect of the "Sustainable Development Goals 2030", action had not been taken to identify the Sustainable Development objectives and goals, to prepare plans relating to that, allocate provisions, identify the stake holders and to collect bench marks and data thereon.
Variance as a % of the Revised Revenue Estimate
From 01.01.2020
No impairment test had been done or no Board decision had been taken thereon.
Jayasundara Mudiyanselage Ananda Kumarasiri
Provision and Accrued Expenses
Interest amounting to Rs.7,818,402 payable to the Ceylon Petroleum Corporation due to delay in settlement of fuel bills relating to the month of July 2013 had not been brought to the accounts.
(2) Passport charges - An expense for obtaining passport of the officer inclusive of only renewals shall be reimbursed.
(b) Remuneration of the staff of the Project Monitoring Unit amounting to Rs. 6.48 million paid during the year under review by the National Water Supply and Drainage Board had not been brought to the accounts.
Project Name/ RDA Division: Thanakolawatte Bridge No 2
Over 350 teachers and students participated and benefitted.
Many employment opportunities have been created for the youth in the District under this project.
04th December - 05 Days
The gravel that was laid on both sides of the road at a cost of Rs. 28,114 had been washed away.
XVII. Filling of vacancies in Provincial Councils - 2015
Construction of buildings
Accidents with Damages
(a) A cash flow statement had not been prepared as required by Paragraph 18 of the Standard 02.
(c) Festival Advance Register
All Secretaries to Ministries, Heads of Departments and District Secretaries,
Conducting art, essay exhibitions on behalf of the National Unity Conference
Champika Nayana Kumari
The appropriateness of the Management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Fund’s ability to continue as a going concern are concluded.
Deposit Amount (Rs. Million)
Lease Rent
29th October Sawsiripaya, Tower Hall Theater Foundation
6.2.2.1 Special Surveys Performed During the Year - Diyatalawa Geodetic Division
In addition, USD 55 million has been provided to companies such as National Development Bank, LOLC Microfinance Company and Lanka ORIX Leasing Company under the "Investment Encouragement and Protection" Agreement.
(c) A stock of 338 samples valued at Rs. 250,024 dispatched by the Nattarampotha Office in April 2012 to the showroom had been kept in different places in the Head Office and a part of those goods had been lying idle in the Head Office up to 31 December 2012.
Pretoria
Subramaniam Suren
Jeeps
Permanent, casual
Kuala Lumpur
Electronic Equipment
8.Ambagamuwa
Librarian – (Grade I)
Grenada
3. Education, skills and Economic Development
The progress of the survey work as a percentage is shown above for the years 2013 and 2014 and the progress of the survey work carried out in the year 2014 is shown below in the number of lots.
The salary reimbursements of Rs. 103,308 relating to the year under review had been overstated in the financial statements.
Awareness creating programme for public officers in the Nuwara Eliya district
Mr.N.M.M.S Ratnayake
Provisions issued under the Budget Support Services and Emergency Needs Liability Expenditure of the National Budget Department to other Expenditure Heads during the year - Recurrent Expenditure
2 Techno - 2013, BMICH 12th to 14th of October
Progress of Registration - 2015
Accordingly, the Performance Report – 2014 in respect of the above Departments including the Ministry of Rehabilitation and Prison Reforms is as follows.
Public Administration Circulars issued amending the provisions of the Establishments Code - 2012
It was further decided to authorize the Secretary to the Cabinet of Ministers to treat this decision as passed and accordingly to inform the relevant authorities for the necessary action.
Construction of sluices
From the first week of October
Percentage of Provincial
Candidates shall not be allowed to change the language medium selected by them.
Chapter 3 - Project for Rehabilitation and Socialization of the drug-addicted Persons
Vipulananthar Sonna Kathai - 36 Copies
Date
The arrears of revenue as at 31 December of the preceding year amounting to Rs. 12 million had increased up to Rs. 26 million by 31 December of the year under review.
Out of 170 complaints received from the elders, 133 cases were solved completely.
Executive Director (Finance)
Upper Kothmale Hydro Power Project
Deputy General Manager (Finance)
Theoretical spectra were generated using spectral synthesis computer code Spectrum using Kuruz model atmosphere data files corresponding to the observed stars.
The periods generally applicable as follows.
Cooperation on technology exchange in the tea industry
USD 102.0 million loan
The estimated population in the District for 2015 is 1,091,000.
Name of Creditor (Name of Payee)
Leather Production
03. Zonal Training Programme
Romania
Educational and Documentary programme
Table 3: Provincial Revenue Collected by Devolved Source (up to June) – 2015
CO 31
The programs should be implemented to execute the social responsibility.
2. Child Development Committees
These officers will be used to implement the all island programs from 2015.
Even though the resources of Public Corporations and Boards should not be obtained for the purposes of the Line Ministries, contrary to that stipulation, a motor vehicle purchased by the Corporation for Rs. 4,800,000 had been deployed for use by the Line Ministry.
Expenditure (Rs.)
04.Providing opportunities need for the public, schools & other related areas
Loan and Grant Agreements Signed with the World Bank in 2014
Annex 45
4. Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs
Extension of Kaudulla Stage 11 Ella up to Damsopura Wewa
Provincial Office and District Offices - Contact Details
Financial Progress from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015 (228-01-02)
3.2 Physical Progress
1.2. Strengthening the Community Based Correction Process
This center was started in 1975 with the financial assistance of Sri Lanka Swiss Livestock Development Project in order to cover up Artificial Insemination Service in Polonnaruwa, Batticaloa, Ampara, and Trincomalee Districts.
This Division is a branch of Department of Census and Statistics and an agency of Central Government.
National Agricultural Research Plan - Water management
Mr. B. M. R. K. Basnayake
The Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration should take action to formulate a study pack for each category based on the syllabus proposed by the Expert Committee mentioned in Cabinet decision dated 2013.06.20, to prepare course modules befitting each proficiency level accordingly, to present such course modules in the form of interactive CDs; and also to publicize official language course modules through electronic and print media.
Balakrishnan Sridar
Multi-faceted opportunities	for	the	best customer choices
Going green project – Sewa Lanka
As powdered granite stones had not been laid and compacted equally for laying block stones, the block stones had not been level when laid.
(b) Depreciation
A two-day workshop on Pollenology was conducted on 10th and 11th March 2014 at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Education and Training Center, Peradeniya to promote this field.
6. Official Address:-
5.1.1. Grama Niladhari Activities
Not replied.
The Appropriation Account should be prepared according to the following guidelines and be based on figures in the Final Treasury Accounting Statements for the year 2014 and the tables annexed therein, as per paragraph 3.10 of the State Accounts Circular No. 238/2014 dated 04.11.2014, issued by this Department.
Chief accountant Mr. A. W. G. Guruge was transferred in May
Kuruwita
Therefore, National Design Centre encourages craftsmen to go beyond the traditional designs to enter into new market.
(E) Colombo West
(Development)
iii. Secretary to the Cabinet of Ministers
2.2.) The following programs have been implemented to promote Participatory Operation and Water Maintenance programs.
The Government Agent in Jaffna participated as the Chief Guest here and Prof. G. Mukunthan and Mrs. K. Nishanthan served as resource persons.
(b) The debtors balance amounted to Rs. 22,719,303 as at the end of the year under review and out of that debtors balances amounting to Rs. 1,443,842 had been existing over a period exceeding 05 years.
Here, Katubedda showroom was fully refurbished while the showroom at Thummulla, Colombo 07 was modernized increasing the customer  attraction, and apart from that it has been able to increase the showcased items by introducing novel products under the Laksala brand and achieving sales target under branding process.
These centers, which are managed by a veterinary investigator in the districts, have facilities for diagnostic and analysis purposes.
Mrs. K. A. Podihamine
According to medical recommendations, 1064 elders were provided with eye lenses and 26 persons were given hearing aids in the year 2012.
In addition, various awareness programs are also organized by the Wildlife Trust.
Korean Government Grant Assistance
Adjustment Allowance (Rs.)
(g) Allocations and Accounting: The expenses for this purpose should be treated as an operational expenditure since an asset will not be created under this method
Advance recovery
(Triangle shape;)
Progress%
Pradeshiya Sabha
Source: Department of National Budget
Use of Vehicles
Clearing forest for electric fencing - Km. 59
PA System Setups
14.Matale
Reporting to the Presidential Secretariat the progress of the activities assigned to this Ministry as per the recommendations of the Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission
The Secretary to the Ministry of Finance and Planning has pointed out that the use of the effectiveness value set out in good governance procedures for the Risk Management Councils of the Organization, as a systematic and disciplined approach to the improvement of those Governing Councils, will assist in achieving the objectives of the Internal Audit Organization.
Photographs and Senior Citizen Identity Cards have been provided free of charge for the Senior Citizens.
Miss. S.A. Shalika Nilmini
The estimated project cost is approximately Rs. 25 billion.
Foreign Contribution if any with details
Translator
Additional Provisions
(n) The salary reimbursement of Rupees 358,308 relevant to the preceding year had been shown as the revenue of the year under review.
A dam located close to the town of Talawakelle with a height of 35.5 m and a crest length of 180 m.
(c) In order to collect income from the vehicle yard of the Market Complex, the Ceylon Fisheries Corporation had entered into an agreement with a private company for a period of 10 years from 07 March 2011.
Project No./ Name, personnel emoluments and other expenditure for all projects
Research related to astronomy
Reimbursable Foreign Grant
Insurance of Government Vehicles under the National Insurance Trust Fund.
Full name of the applicant: (In capital letters)
5.3 Budget Control
According to the Sri Lanka Customs data, in 2014, Sri Lanka has exported US $ 51.78 million worth of goods to Pakistan while imports from Pakistan have registered at US $ 79.12 million under the PSFTA.
All officers who were recruited on Limited and Merit basis during the period from 2007.07.01 to 2011.07.13 during when the Public Administration Circular No.07/2007(II) was issued, should acquire the level of proficiency applicable to the higher post they were appointed to, within a period of five (05) years from 2011.07.13.
Indo-Sri Lanka Free Trade Agreement (ISFTA)
12-Day Continuous Tamil Language Training Program
Ministry of Law and Order  - Annual Performance Report 2014
Chilaw  01
In addition to this, a new prison complex in Jaffna has been planned to be built instead of the present one which is located in two leased out houses which accommodate about 400 prisoners under great difficulties.
Changes took place during the year
This is due to the improvement in the system.
As per the public circular No. 18/2009, a strategic plan should be prepared for the implementation of the Official Language Policy in all public institutions.
2. Eighth Meeting of the South Asian Free Trade Agreement Ministerial Council-Thimpu, 24 July 2014
If a financial disadvantage occurs between that salary and the salary scale calculated under 03.8 above, that amount should be paid along with the due salary point as a gross salary adjustment allowance.
* Do not walk through moving water.
It lies between 6 - 10 of north latitude and between 80 - 82 of east longitude.
Existing Cadre
Training programme of Officers in the Three Day Outing Apart from this, the training workshop on Schemes of Recruitment conducted by Skills Development Fund Ltd was attended by 02 officers of the Public Management Assistants Service whilst the workshop on Administration of State Documents and Archival Law was attended by a Development Officer.
The Technical Committee Report with the relevant proposal has been submitted to the Ministry of Sports for obtaining the approval of the SCARC.
Interest income is recognized on accrual basis.
5. Surveying construction of community hall building at Nugadola wattha Ranaviru village(twice)
56. Mission 10 of the National Action Plan for the Green Lanka Program Coordinating the implementation of knowledge and the implementation of the program for correct selection
New design Training Program on Leather - Rush & Reed related
9.6.4 Although Mr. Mahinda Deshapriya, the Commissioner of Elections retired from the public service on 06.06.2015 due to the reaching  the age of 60 years, in terms of the provisions in Article 49 (3) (a) of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution, he, as the Commissioner of Elections, continued the duties of the Commissioner as vested upon him, until the Election Commission was constituted on 17.11.2015.
Accordingly, the Board of Directors, General Manager and Operational Managers have been classified as Key Management Personnel.
1 1/2 years
Media 3%
Head Office Expenses
Sri Lanka Badminton Association
I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my audit opinion.
Current Liabilities Total Equity
Botanical Gardens and Public Recreation
4,Udupila
Chairman, Atomic Energy Authority
However, Certificate of Compliance had not been issued even as at 31 December 2018.
The approved staff of the Company should be included in the consolidated plan but the actual staff of 31 July 2006 and 30 November 2013 were included in the consolidated plan prepared from 2016 to 2015.
To discharge functions imposed under the Law Commission Act No. 03 of 1969 for the purpose of promoting the reform of the law.
2.8 Impairment of non-financial assets
9.6.4 While Mr. Mahinda Deshapriya, the Commissioner of Elections retired from the public service on 06.06.2015 on attaining of the age of 60 years, in terms of the provisions in Article 49 (3) (a) of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution, he continued the duties of the Commissioner as vested in him, until the Election Commission was constituted on 17.11.2015.
Electoral District No. 19
The planning division discharges the functions relating to planning and follows up activities of the projects in the Ministry and the Departments coming under it, as well as the following functions.
5.3 Construction of Yak anicut
In addition to providing room facilities, this hotel also caters for weddings, meeting and workshops.
Duration of the training
Tender work for the project has been completed.
(c) Works Abandoned
The blue shifted component of the HeI line found in this study is around 185km/s and is in agreement with the previous values.
Number of Circulars
D. G. S. A. - 8(ii)
(a) Even though the arrears of rates had been increasing up to Rs. 2,656,075 during the past several years, only Rs. 189,886 had been recovered during the year under review by implementing 02 property prohibition programmes as required by Sections 158(1) (a) and (c) of the Pradeshiya Sabha Act.
Mr.D.R.H.Nissanka
Births/ Marriages/ Deaths Registrations
The Chinese government has done its best to select all applicants for these training programs.
Erection of trilingual name boards in Monaragala and Buttala Divisional Secretariats were implemented under this event.
Divisional Hospitals - C Grade
38. Financial Risk Management
The Department of Census and Statistics also assists in assessing whether the Sustainable Development Goals have been achieved by the end of 2030.
2.1 Basis of Preparation
01. Kalkudah
The current financial structure includes 33 loan agreements and 5 grants obtained from the Asian Development Bank, and the total disbursement under these loans in 2014 was USD 338 million.
Management of Public Expenditure - Financial Year 2015
(e) Whether the expenditure had been correctly identified according to the classification adopted for the implementation of the Project,
Public Financial Management
Cost
Hire of sound equipment
The following institutions received awards
Acquisitions during the year
Mr. H. P. P. S. Somasiri
He also attended the Asia Pacific Business Forum.
22 Vehicle Loan
Even though the expected physical progress as at 31 December 2018 was 25 per cent, the actual physical progress remained at 4 per cent only.
Annex 02
Mr. J. M. S. Jayatilake
Padiyathalawa
Maintain activities related to recruitment and recruitment process
Rural Road Development
Sapugaskanda - A
02. It has been reported that the officers in Sri Lanka Technological Service have become discontent due to assigning the duties performed by them to the officers in Development Officers' Service by certain Ministries, Departments and institutions.
Retirement Benefits
Further, some programs have been carried out with the provisions of Ministry of Child Development and Women Affairs.
Jawatta
Borrowing Costs are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
The number of staff as at 31.12.2014 is 74.
Blessings of the Triple Gem!
1.3.1 Retirement Benefits to Employees
The Board of Directors is responsible for the governance of the company whilst the shareholders’ role in governance is to appoint Directors and to ensure that an appropriate governance structure is in place.
1st Efficiency Bar Examination of SFAA (District Basis)
b) Letters calling for confirmations had been sent to the trade debtors to the value of Rs. 645,835,280 and out of that Rs. 19,773,464 had been agreed on in whole.
Sri Lanka Sustainable Energy Authority Act No. 35 of 2007
These regulations were amended by the gazette No: 1557/14 dated 9th July 2008.
Kundasale
10.Review compliance with statutory and other rules and regulations
Training of Coordinating officer and departmental officers
According to the Project documents, the activities of the Projects are scheduled to be implemented under 03 components namely, improvement of sanitation infrastructure in Negombo area, the formulation of sewerage policy, and designing of sanitation infrastructures in Negombo, Galle, Kelaniya areas, and etc.
Debits relevant to Correction of errors
Deficiencies in the Implementation of Gem Deposit Exploration and Assessment Project
Acquired (or produced) foreign programmes (other than foreign films /Soap operas)
Mrs. U. G. Dingirimenike
Renovation of the pond of the students' garden
Weligatte and RMU A/C
Registration of Quran Madrasa, preparation of syllabus and its administrative activities.
(J) Yatinuwara
Arul Vaakkukal - 250 Copies
Table II
Accordingly, funds and equipment have been made available for establishing relief counters at the District and Divisional Secretariats in Vavuniya, Moneragala, Kalutara, Mannar, Nuwara Eliya, Kandy, Kadawathsathara, Ratnapura, Lahugala, Matara, Mullaitivu, Kegalle and Kurunegala.
Institute Development Fund
5. Training and Awareness Programmes
Chief Accountant and Chief Financial Officer (Acting)
Transfer Tax
M. Ganeshan
This Institute was established in 2010 in the court building in Palawatte - Battaramulla to fulfill the training requirements of Non-Judicial Officers who work at Courts.
The main role and the responsibilities of the Audit Committee include the following.
Bilingualization of Public Service
M.D.F. boards
Other rentals
Coordinating Secretary to the Secretaries of the Ministries
The main functions of this division include utilizing and managing the National Sports Fund for the Development of the Sports field,  progress review and providing Government assistance and facilities to the athletes taking part in foreign training.
Key Functions
The National Language Project assisted the Department of Official Languages to revamp its Website.
The Register of Fixed Assets had not been maintained by the Project in updated manner, as required by Circular No. 842 of 19 December 1978 of Ministry of Finance and Planning.
“Conservation of wildlife resources through working with all together under professional management ˮ
Reviewed external auditors’ report and took corrective measures as may be required, to avoid repetition.
Physical and Financial activities of the Office of Co-operative Employees’ Commission and the review of the activities of the Commission during the year 2014.
Conducting maternity clinics
Project Description
6. As at 31.12.2014, the balance of the Treasury books amounted to Rs.
Enhancing the International Co-operation
The MV distribution system development plan for 2013 - 2021 was finalized in October 2013.
21. Divisional Secretariat - Ambalangoda
Provision of necessary facilities for the use of national dialogues and link language to enable people to gain a mutual understanding of their culture, social and religious backgrounds.
07. Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Not applicable for officers in Public Management Assistants’ Service.)
Divisional Secretariat, Kurunegala
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is one of Sri Lanka's leading multilateral development partners and has had a productive relationship with Sri Lanka for over 48 years.
Development of human resources through the use of sports science
The institute is located No.97, Jawatta Road, Colombo-05.
(a) Pradeshiya Sabha Act No. 15 of 1987
12,006 through 3,602 Programs
Five solar pumps were purchased for the Bundala, Kumana and Kaudulla National Parks.
Responsibility for the implementation of the Official Languages ​​Policy has been given by Public Administration Circular No. 18/2009 dated 25.11.2009 regarding the implementation of the Official Languages ​​Policy.
Sri Lanka Consumer Co-operative Federation Ltd.
Twenty-six (26) black gram germplasm were screened for the yellow mosaic virus (YMV).
Profit/ loss before Tax & Fair Value
Live Fire Demonstration 1 day
(a) General Warrant No 3 of 2015 for General Services
The total cost of the project is Norwegian Krones 17.3 Mn. with NORAD's contribution being Norwegian Krones 13 Mn. It also had a donor component from the UNIDO in the form of technical assistance valued at around Norwegian Krones 4.5 Mn.
Yali Pibidee Single Episode Teledrama
That helped to make the rural farmers aware on new technology of farming and value added products of banana cultivation as outreach activities of the Institute by identifying their social needs.
The National Drug Prevention Program for Social Development was also implemented in the district.
8. Director General, Department of National Budget
Providing other Language training for Hindu Priests and Aranery School Teachers
Government of Kazakhstan
12th September - 02 Days
The Company determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investments in the Associates are impaired.
Senior Deputy General Manager (Commercial & Operation)
Measures have been taken to resolve 7 disputes between outsiders and institutions with regard to the lands owned by the Department of Wildlife Conservation.
11. Land Project
Samurdhi Managers
According to the past records Telecommunication Regulatory Commission, Ceylon Petroleum Corporation, Bank of Ceylon, People’s Bank, National Savings Bank and National Insurance Trust Fund have been the highest contributors to the revenue.
Net Revenue
Upon the request by Ceylon Business Appliances, the Arthur C Clarke Institution for Modern Technologies submitted a project proposal for the mobile operated vending machine.
Your attention is drawn to Chapter XLVIII, Volume II of the Establishments Code.
The Institute worked towards its goals with the assistance of 39 Staff members comprising 13% academic/support, 8% administrative.
V. Submission of claims and objections under Section 14 of Registration of Electors Act No. 44 of 1980
Statement of Losses being held to be written off/Waived or further recoverable
Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development
9.6 Retirements
With the fullest support from the IT Unit, the News Division was able to telecast the election results successfully.
The Order under Section 24 A came into operation with effect from 23 August 2008.
The secretary shall maintain a journal in respect of every appeal and shall record his reasons for the decision on the appeal in the record.
Maintenance Officer
As per the financial statements of the National Water Supply and Drainage Board, the work-in-progress of the activities carried out by the Project as at 31 December 2017 amounted to Rs. 3,396.95 million.
Physical progress of the project was about 86%.
Other financial assets are recognized on the trade-date on which the Company becomes a party to the contractual provision of the financial instrument.
Provisions for the year 2014 (Rs. Million)
District Committee meetings of Badulla and Monaragala of Uva Province were held on 07th & 08th of May 2011
Broadcasting Equipment
Before signing the document it should be ensured that all the details required by the specimen forms are included.
70% are engaged in agriculture, 25% in fisheries and 5% in other occupations.
It is well equipped to provide accommodation for about 35,000 spectators at a time and a huge vehicle park is also available.
12 Training on the use of fire extinguishers Public Management Assistants / Office Employee Assistants
Allowances have been made as per the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers.
The “Department of Elections” was created on 01 October 1955 amalgamating the then Parliamentary Elections Department and the Local Authorities Elections Department.
Electoral District No. 21 - Ratnapura
Lease Rental for Vehicles
Public Management Assistant 1
Three schemes of recruitment during the period under review have been submitted to Public Services Commission for approval.
Rs. 1648 million is Capital expenditure.
2.1. Introduction
2.1.3 Foreign Currency Conversion
No. 306/72 Polduwa Road,
Asian Sports Athletics Championship-China, Wuwan
The Company has elected such revalued amount as deemed cost at the date of the revaluation.
Botanical Gardens and Public
1st Quarter
Type of the Circular
Japan 11%
As such an over provision of Rs. 64,103,615 had been allocated.
3. Introduction to the District
Mannar,
Senior Deputy Director, General Scientific Division, Atomic Energy Authority
Retained Earnings
If you did evacuate your home, don't return until advised it is safe to do so.
Notes for Financial Statements
Mrs. G. W. S. B. Samaradasa
Revenue from photos and videotaping
But no response received to date.
13 Mr. I.M.S.J. Ilankoon
Export Levy
This Programme is nationally implemented by the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration (MNLSI), Ministry of Justice (MoJ) Ministry of Prison Reforms and Rehabilitation (MPRR) and Ministry of Child Development and Women Affairs (MCDWA).
Conducting a Media Conference for the National Occupational Safety and Health Week on 05th October 2012.
Annex 18
The deposits of the Fund as at end of the preceding year amounted to Rs. 252,069,822 and that had improved up to Rs. 290,987,052 as at end of the year under review.
(c) Profit / Loss from Sales of Property, Plant and Equipment
10.3.3. Mr. M.K.S.S. Ratnayake, Deputy Commissioner of Elections participated in local government election observation in Indonesia from 07.12.2015 to 13.12.2015.
Katunayake expressway runs through several towns and residential areas in marshy lands, which are sensitive to the noise pollution.
Procurement Process of the Ministry and its Departments
Donation (Housing)
Purchasing software
Pension gratuity liabilities payable are fully funded by the establishment of an independent trust under the Gratuity Act No. 12 of 1983.
Mediation Boards appointed from 2014.01.01 - 2014.12.31
Should be stated in the inventory.
The Project is required to maintain proper books and records of all its income, expenditure, assets and liabilities, to enable annual and periodic financial statements to be prepared by the Project.
Providing individualized Counselling services
Sri Lanka Ayurvedic Drugs Corporation
Research Officer 03
Allocations
50% of the amount of expenditure incurred for a rubber tree of which a rain guard is successfully fixed, that is a sum of Rs. 30 is paid as subsidies.
Eksath Lanka Podujana Pakshaya
(c) Grant and Settlement of Advances
Kuliyapitiya Pradeshiya Sabha
Coordinating and arranging for the representation of Islamic clerics for state ceremonies.
The participants were given the knowledge and practical experience on usage, applications, advantages and limitations of modern electronic test and measuring instruments such as oscilloscopes, spectrum analysers, etc.
SLAS III
1.5.5 Lack of Documentary Evidence for Audit
Fax - 0112883714
Training Assistant
Interpretation kits were used to maintain communication among Sinhala and Tamil students.
A formal course of action had not been taken even during the year under review for the recovery of the money from the debtors existing for more than 07 years.
Policy on VAT applicable to the Authority was changed with effect from the year 2008.
Other operating expenses
However, prospects for recommencing the production of cement by Kankesanthurai Cement Works in the immediate future, are difficult to forecast.
Signed by K.D.S. Ruwanchandra
Dr. Mrs. H. C. Kannangara
Mr. A. R. Rajaratne
75 applications were entertained there.
Data collection
Cooking utensils, tin / can opener
Government of Oman
1.2 Opinion
Project to implement Multiple Waste Management Facilities through Waste Anaerobic Digestion Technology for Colombo and Suburban Local Government Areas
Thereby 12 images out of 24 were generated and 4 tables out of 8 were created.
Mr. M. Shanmuganathan-Assistant Director, Department of Hindu Religious and Cultural Affairs
A reversal in this situation could be expected in the year 2012 as funds are due to be received from the Treasury for salaries.
The times during which such prayers and religious activities will take place daily are as follows:
Action had not been taken to inspect all the lands and buildings of the Sabha even once a year.
Wednesday, 23 August, 2017
(iii) Guideline 8.9.1
Department	of Community Based Corrections
Progress of Training Programs
Divisions
This Project which commenced its activities in February 2014, has completed several activities and has embarked on many other initiatives.
Book Balance Quality
Diriyata Saviya Rupavahini Program
Department published a guideline book consists of common appointment files in 2014 to administrate the Hindu Temples considering its good and bad conditions of the administration.
National Lotteries Board and Other Transfers
Ministry of Internal Trade
Approved Limit Rs.
Mr. E. L. Jayawardena
AR 1 (Grades II - I) or AR 2
Imported Animals
On or before 09th February, 2018
02.2 Transfers among Departments within one and the same Ministry
Passport Division happens to be the division where the general public pays visits to in their large numbers seeking the services of the Department.
The court fines and stamp fees receivable from the Chief Secretary of the Provincial Council and other authorities as at 31 December 2017 amounted to Rs.27,160,126 and Rs.119,383,608 respectively.
3.1. Introduction
As confirmed by your query No 24, the only procured vehicle during 2013 was done through a tender.
No liabilities should be carried forward to the next year with the objective of settling during that year.
Technical and social aspects of agrochemical use in agricultural areas
Sale of fruits
This is a rehabilitation initiative initiated with the assistance of the Ministry of Economic Development.
Anthurium cultivation
Buying
Legal Administration Unit
The officer is allowed to obtain leave as per Section 9:1, Chapter XII of the Establishments Code depending on the condition of the injury and the recommendation of the Medical Board.
An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the management as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
33. The Standing Committee comprising of permanent representatives of political parties, the Coordinating Officers of the National Centre for Investigation of Election Complaints and representatives of Observer Organizations recognised by the Commissioner of Elections, will intervene in the issues arising in the implementation of the guidelines and express their views and recommendations, Their views and recommendations shall be considered by the Standing Committee for Media guidelines comprising of officers of the Department of Elections, representatives of Ministry of Media and Department of Information,  along with the views/ observations of the Human Rights Commission of Sri Lanka and shall make decisions.
The par value of a share is Rs.10/=.
There were 13 Development Officers and 04 Preschool Assistants attached by the Local Government Department who were not included in the approved cadre of the Sabha.
Training Programmes for Community Based Correction Officers
Developmental activities in progress
Open Speech Competition among Invited Schools in the Western Province
Evaluations for officers stationed overseas for 2017/18 and 2018/19, performance appraisals have not yet been completed.
Therefore, other receipts should not be included in this reconciliation statement of imprest (TD / IMP / 07 (i)).
Manthai Salt Ltd
action has been taken to reprint in 2015.
Auditing of Government institutions of Divisional Secretariats where the minority is above 15%
The two ships owned by CSCL,  namely Lanka Mahapola and Lanka Muditha, which  were not suited for any economically viable commercial operation due to their age were sold.
Length: 105m
Authority and functions of the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration.
The other objective is to create awareness with regard to the legal bond of public servants in providing a bilingual public service.
Need of the Province
Divisional Secretariat – Attanagalla, Gampaha
By Embassies
Necessary actions have been taken to avoid such shortcomings in the future.
Electoral District No. 13
Senior State Counsel
Non-maintenance of Registers of Fixed Assets in an updated manner
Institutional and Policy Support: Construction Supervision Consultant
37. Doluwa
Wilgamuwa
The District Land Office is engaged in the registration of documents.
Sale of disclaimer provisions and physical assets
Preparing the advance account
(Administration & Finance)
As the current ratio and the quick asset ratio were 1:2.07 and 1:2.09 respectively during the year under review, and as those ratios stood at 1:1.90 and 1:1.93 last year, the Authority had encountered issues related to working capital.
Grant Loans/advances to all the applicants of the staff of NBD complying with the limits of the Advance Accounts
4.3. Budgetary Control
The participants were given the knowledge and practical experience on  the modern power semiconductors, switch mode power supplies, UPS, power conditioning and protection; energy saving lamps and electronic ballasts, modern batteries and management techniques, power factor correction and harmonic control etc.
Provision for income tax
2. Supplying prizes for the Bakmaha Ulela conducted by the Digana Rajawella Ranaviru village
For the Deputy Secretary to the Treasury
A sum of Rs. 383,396 that had to be paid to the Inland Revenue Department as Pay As You Earn Tax in relation to the year 2017 had been paid from the Fund of the Company.
International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)
Note 19
Members of the board
Yon Meregngnage Chaminda Kumara Silva
Water has been pumped and supplied to the water holes in the wildlife reserves  by bowzers during drought period.
The Treasury provided Rs. 49.18 million and Rs. 51.5 million respectively for this retirement.
The Charterer was in breach of charter party agreement, which has been referred for arbitration.
Out of 42 germplasm tested, 25 were highly susceptible, 5 were susceptible, 3 were moderately susceptible, 2 were moderately resistant and 7 were resistant for the Mungbean Yellow Mosaic Virus.
Graphic & Interior Decorative Products
Net Achieved Value is the value after deducting the estimated selling cost from the estimated selling price.
K.D. Lal Kantha
The financing activities of OPEC Fund for Economic Development were closed on 30 June 2015.
The chief of the counting centre is the Chief Counting Officer.
Service number
Continued amount (Rs. Mn.)
Notifying about transfer
Mr. J.A. Kokila Priyadharshana
This is a decline of 22.6%.
Registered/ Assistant Medical Officers
2.5.2 Expenditure Recognition
(a) A sum of Rs.1,083,618,910 had been invested in a Cement Company and the Corporation had not received any return thereon for over 14 years up to the year under review.
"Conservation of wildlife resources for present and future generations”
Kuwait    11
In 2010, this Ministry was redesigned as the Ministry of National languages and Social Integration and the Institute became one of the Institutes functioning under this Ministry Its’ operational activities are being expanded.
Management Assistant II and III
Mr. M. R. Mohomad Naja
10. Whether the applicant met with the accident whilst in duty? on the way to report for duty? or leaving after duty:-
Additional Director General
Nugegoda
10. 01 Role of the Attorney General’s Department
Increase in payments due
Number of loans targeted for 2011 -20
A number of information system development projects were also carried out by the Information Technology Division, the client being mainly the national universities and other public sector agencies.
Name of Contract: Rehabilitation / Improvements to section of MankulamMullaitivu Road A034 from 0+000 to 13+000 km
The background must be created for every citizen to feel sincerely that it is their responsibility.
The organizational structure of an institution, its duties and functions and the manner in which its responsibilities and powers have been devolved are of prime concern towards its success.
National Herbarium
(a) The documentary information in support of the purpose of obtaining the deposits had not been furnished to audit.
The highest power consumption is by domestic and religious consumers.
Tenders have been called and 02 companies have been selected and the relevant work has been handed over but the process has not been carried out properly.
Aid - Indian Government
Mr. W. J. L. S. Fernando (From 10th October 2013)
Formats of the Appropriation Account
when submitting the Appropriation Account it should be presented with an outer cover, with an Index and page numbers according to the above mentioned formats.
Setting up of the National Nomenclature of Persons and the Electronic Identity Cards Issuing Project
Advance to employees – Miscellaneous
In addition, Chief Ministers of every Provincial Council, five members from the opposition nominated by the Speaker in consultation with the Leader of the Opposition, and the Secretary to the Council are also members.
Director-General of Elections
The proposals under this program was presented by 03 Members of Parliament from the Vanni District.
30, 29 June, and 01 July
Held During the year.
(III) Take proper actions relating to the investment made in Lanka Puwath Company amounting to Rs. 1.2 million
The main purpose of this programme is to raise awareness of radio listeners on the mandate of the Ministry, Languages Policy and Social Integration Policy.
Construction of Judicial Buildings, Judges' Offices, and Labour Tribunals, and improvement and maintenance of Judicial Buildings, Judges' Offices, and Labour Tribunal Offices.
Therefore, the Commission has taken steps to refer these documents to the translation section of the Department of Official Languages.
One of the key indicators that reflects the Ministry’s performance is the number of reported crimes as against relative number of recorded solved crimes in the country.
Furniture and electrical items sale on easy payment terms by “Damro”
(a) Up to June 2014 we have collected Rs.4,048,940 (41%) from last year's debtors balance.
Your attention is drawn tothe Public Administration Circular 01/2014 dated 21.01.2014 and the Public Administration Circular 01/2014(I) dated 29.09.2014 issued on the above subject.
Collection of Arrears of Revenue in 2020
It is worth USD 1.7 million.
Interest on deposits
3.3.1 Total Revenue
Department of Social Welfare
Final Project Coordination Meeting
Being a lawyer is the main qualification in selecting officers for those positions that play a legal role.
Fund Type
Negative Lists after 20% reduction
S. P. C. K. Fernando
Abaya Sanath Nishantha Perera
3.4 Uneconomic Transactions
Expenditure Rs. Mn
Enter your Message:
Progress of Implementing Development Programs
These variations could be due to the response of the crop to the difference in temperature between the two sites.
Total loan recovery interest
The objectives of the NECCCA are to;
Outer Circular Highway Project/ OCH Phase II - From Kaduwela to Kadawatha
2. As the Artist of the Manchee Samaga Nomini Reyak, Ayrudu Udanaya 2012, Rupavahini 30th Aniversar , Wesak Udnaya 2012 Kumara Gee, Daham Bima, JICA Volanteer Service ii, Sanda Ranga Madala, Christmas Musical Show Rs. 97,000/-
3.1 Performance
(b) Conduct of Diploma and Certificate Courses
VCD -  01
Opinion
However, some bakery manufacturers are inclined to keep the percentage of rice low as bread produced from rice flour showed less mildness.
Sending monthly and annual reports to Departments, Ministries and Treasury
Official tours and Head of States event coverage
Establishment taxes
Amount applied
Adhering to International Wildlife Conventions.
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
United Nation Agencies
The estimate has been received on 30.11.2015 and the recommendation for the DSRP is to be Obtained.
The Government of Sri Lanka anually receives around 600 foreign training awards by way of long-term (8 months or over) and short-term training opportunities under the Technical Assistance Programmes from more than 15 development partners.
7.3 Conducting Awareness Programmes
In terms of Section 3.9.1 of the Procurement Guidelines Manual the total number of contracts executed by a society during any specific period should not exceed three and the total value of the balance portion of contracts already awarded and the value of proposed contracts should not  exceed Rs.2 million, however, 12 works amounting to Rs. 23.5 million had been awarded to 04 Community Based Organizations.
Fixed Assets and Depreciation
Medagama
Total
Lorry Cleaners  03
19 Education Department Employees’ Co-operative Thrift & Credit Society Ltd.
4.6 Auditing
16 Information Technology Assistant (Related Services)
The value of 32 lands belonging to the Sabha had not been assessed and brought to account.
This table includes development projects funded by foreign and local sources at national level.
Development of eco-tourism industry in wildlife reservations associated with the project area
Sports Massage Section
The Director General is required to do so-on the basis of a recommendation by a Board consisting of a Chairman and two other persons appointed by the Hon. Minister under Section 114 (1) of the Mortgage Act No. 6 of 1949.
(ii) Institutions mentioned in Schedule Two before 17th January 2016
Accrual Translations fees Concessionary Loan Project
For the purpose of this Circular, commitments and liabilities are defined as follows.
They will adopt the “Participatory Reflective Heart Holding Teaching Learning Process” as a method  of teaching and action has been taken by the Institute to carry out provincial level Monitoring and Evaluation Programmes for them.
4.3 Procurement Plan
Providing a percentage of the income earned as a government institution to the Treasury
The maximum demand in 2013 was 2164.2 MW.
7th floor,
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
Madulla, Badalkumbura, Siyabalanduwa
Detailed Monthly Revenue Statement
Writ Applications
Seven Seeni Kesel banana accession were evaluated under the National Coordinated Varietal Trial program.
Research Grants
This exhibition was extremely useful to enlighten the public about the welfare services and other programmes undertaken by the Authority for the benefit of Ranaviru community
13 Sri Lanka Coconut Producers’ Co-operative Societies Federation Ltd
51 Mrs. K. A. C. J. Kannangara, P. M. S III
These accounting policies have been used throughout all periods presented in the Financial Statements.
Disaster Management Activities
Conducting Efficiency Bar Examinations for the Following Officers
I hereby would like to extend my sincere gratitude to Honorable Prime Minister D. M. Jayaratne, who is the Chairman of the Tower Hall Theatre Foundation, Members of the Board of Trustees, Honorable T. B. Ekanayake, Minister of Cultural Affairs and the Arts, Mr. Vasantha Ekanayake, Secretary and other officers of the Ministry and all officers of the Tower Hall Theatre Foundation, including the Senior Management Team, for their invaluable guidance and dedicated service for having achieved this progress during the year.
Niyagama
Ms. Sharone Mashcriniyas
It was rectified and action had been taken to make payments with name of “Financial Assistants”.
Repair of part of ceiling of building of Divisional Survey Office, Ampara and repair of domestic electricity circuit
Issued Amount
Country
As the country reunited as one following year of disruption, ending all divisions and differences unleashed by the civil war, the Ceylon Electricity Board contributed to the post peace prosperity of the country with this milestone move in energy supply.
(3) as these officers do not fall under the category of field officers identified by the Department of Management Services, they are not able to provide motorcycles as per the provisions of Budget Circular No. 02/2014;
Ceylon Petroleum Storage Terminal Ltd
These indicators should be measurable.
Provincial Council Colombo
Ministry of Construction, Engineering Services, Housing & Common Amenities
Mahiyangana - Dimbulagala - Dalukkane Road (0.0-24.10km)
Project Inception Workshop
Housing loan  (Gammana)
1. Message of District Secretary
The progress of construction of culverts and bridges is 56% and 50% respectively.
Cash Generated from / (used in) Operations
Total cash flow generated from financial activities (ඌ)
Korean Disbursement 2014
He has served as a Divisional Secretary and also Assistant Director in the Rural Development Training and Research Institute (RDTRI).
Rs. 71.50 million
During the last three years, actual capital expenditure was about 30% less than budgeted expenditure on average.
Water (Liters per day):
A Regional Director has been appointed as a secretary to the Regional Industry Service Committee.
The following observations are made in this regard.
36:7. If the disciplinary authority determines that the accused officer has been found guilty of one or some or all of the charges according to the materials disclosed at the formal disciplinary inquiry, he should promptly send his observations and disciplinary order, together with the charge sheet, report of the formal disciplinary inquiry, and all other relevant documents stating either to withhold or reduce a certain amount of pension, gratuity or other allowances payable or awarded to him, depending on the nature of charge or charges of which the officer is found guilt to the Secretary in charge of the subject of Public Administration to take action in terms of Section 12 of the Minutes on Pensions.
(c) The accrued pensions amounting to Rupees 1,337,440 had been omitted from the accounts.
Gratuity piad
Accordingly, the awareness gained by the general public regarding the value of the implementation of Official Languages Policy in their areas will be a great assistance in building social integration.
Ethige Sirikamal Felician De Silva
2. Animal Husbandry
Provide all requested details.
In 1907 with the founding of the Colombo Observatory in Bauddhaloka Mawatha, meteorological work in Sri Lanka assumed a more scientific orientation.
An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
Infinite capital
Number of Pension Files examined
Compilation of project reports
The allocation made in the Budget Estimate for the year under review
1.6.1 Receivable Accounts
The Department of Hindu Religious and Cultural Affairs was established on 1st of January 1986 to preserve, promote and propagate Hindu Religion and Hindu Culture.
South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) established in 1985, initially, was limited to broad areas such as Health, Population, Meteorology, Telecommunication, Sports, Culture etc.
Carry out groundwater investigations
Monacco
The fund provides various loan facilities such as project loans, program loans, the balance of payments to the public sector and has provided USD 187 million to Sri Lanka.
72 foreigners have been discharged from it.
Amount (USD million)
A land of 60 acres in extent had been auctioned several years ago without obtaining the approval of the Sabha.
11. Act as a safe holder of any person's last will
(b) Revenue Administration
The Boards of Survey reports relating to the year 2017 had not been furnished to the Auditor General even by 18 June 2018.
Ascertaining the extent to which the Ministry and the other institutional assets are safeguarded from various losses.
(ii) Improving the Institutional Capacity of Road Development at Provincial Level
(a) The Authority has not taken measures to settle advances of Rs.104,453 obtained from clients and brought forward for over 5 years and Rs. 9,122,215 payable to the Ministry of Construction, Engineering Services, Housing and	Common Amenities, miscellaneous advances amounting to Rs. 223,014 and Goods and Service Taxes of Rs. 15,733,971.
District Secretariat, Colombo
11. Project to prepare a National Action Plan for Electronic and Scientific Waste Management
331 Regional Offices have been established under the Department.
(ii) Partial loss of genital
Selling and Distribution Cost on Turnover
(Finance Manager)
(Maga Neguma)
Copy - Auditor General
44 - Athletics - (Jumps)
Long-term non-performing assets
Overall Physical Progress (2012 - 2014)
National Design Center
However, no subsidiary Loan Agreement had been entered into thereon even 31 December 2017.
Furniture & Fittings
It was planned to conduct 296 such classes in the year 2015 and an amount of Rs. 15,900,000.00 was allocated.
Current Liabilities
Renovation of 79 km long road in the self-protection zone around Gal Oya National Park.
Therefore, the balance of US$ 9.84 million equivalent to Rs. 1,799.21 million had remained unused in the Account as at 31st December 2018, due to slow progress, Poor planning on utilization of funds allocated by the Lending Agency.
Prior to independence, our industrial base consisted of primary export processing industries operating in a virtual free-market policy framework.
Completed the erection of 30 km long electric fence.
However, the payments are made only to employees who have completed a service of 5 continuous years subsequent to being entitled to the payments as per the Gratuity Payment Act No.12 of 1983.
Public Management Assistant III
Purchase of electric post:
Furthermore, two diesel pumps and pipes were purchased to supply water during the drought season to Yala park.
Commitments Amount (Rs.)
Habarana-Veyangoda Transmission Line Project
During the year 2014, it was limited to functions such as coordinating special development projects of the Institutions operating under it.
Repayable Foreign Aid - Loan
Functions & Responsibilities
Tax Refund Received
U.M./S.W.01/04/02
06.	Eastern
The coal consumption and diesel consumption of the Plant during this period were 677,633 tons and 1,507 tons respectively.
In terms of the categorization of P. A. C. 03/2016 as at 31.12.2018,
State Accounts Circular No:- 256/2017
Rs. 10,000.00 (Rs. 1,000 per day)
Driver Service
Debtors
(c) Funding for Elders Day Care Centres
P.M.A.S. 1
I also wish to thank the former Chairman and the Director of ITI for their support rendered to me when the necessity arose.
Date:- 1.09.2014
Accordingly, funds for the year 2014 had been allocated by the Appropriation Bill under the head 302.
Income from issuing certificates for condominium property
The Ranaviru Sewa authority has introduced this housing loan scheme to make the dream of house of the Ranaviru families living in Ranaviru villages a reality.
06. If any material is broadcast/ televised/published covering an incident or an event with comments of one candidate, all other political parties that have an interest in the event or are concerned, or are likely to be affected, should also be given the opportunity to express their version in the same news item or programme or at another occasion.
According to Global Peace Index (GPI) which has been compiled based on 22 indicators under three main classifications, i.e., Military Involvements, Social Seurity and Protection and Internal and External Conflicts, Sri Lanka was placed in the 105th position out of 162 countries in 2014.
Maximum limit for spending
Awareness Program for Fishing Committees
Breaking news was telecast in three languages, Sinhala, English and Tamil.
Department of Small Industries
Percentage of Audits Completed During the Year
The occasion of appointing a brand ambassador
Note 18
(D) Bentara-Elpitiya
Even though the entire amount of Rs.300,000 had been accounted for as expenditure, information relating to the actual amount spent for the workshop, the number of persons participated, and fruitfulness of the workshop had not been submitted for audit.
Five items of accounts totaling to Rs. 75,537,071 could not be satisfactorily verified in the audit due to non-submission of required information.
Payments or liabilities payable within one year from the date of reporting are classified as current liabilities in the Financial Statement.
In addition, the construction works of the Highway Secretarial Building had been completed at a cost of Rs.2,918 million by the Project and handed over to the Road Development Authority in 2016.
Names of the Political Parties
5.1.1. Training Programmes
Necessary recruitments should be made to the vacant posts in order to ensure the smooth functioning of the Trust.
Expenditure Head No - 202
Section II of the Financing Agreement
Newspaper answer programs for legal issues of the public
Peliyagoda Interchange
Ten one day training programs which are conducted within the institutions and are prepared according to the requirements of institutions were held at work places.
The composition and the form of external development financing have substantially changed over the last few years with the gradual increase of the per capita income of the country.
Energy Conservation Programs
Fees applicable to the Survey Department
In addition to providing such services, scientific advice is provided to government-sponsored institutions by scientists in the Department who have expertise in various fields.
After the Bill was sent to the Cabinet, it was referred to the Cabinet sub Committee on Legislation.
4.7 Sustainable Development Goals
Accordingly, the idea of liberalizing trade among SAARC countries was first mooted by Sri Lanka at the Sixth SAARC Summit held in Colombo in Dec 1991.
He has been the Legal Adviser to the Ministry for over 25 years and is also the Head of the Legal Division.
(b) Non-execution of Expected Output Level
Government Grant
Women and Child Abuse
Enhancing health of animals being reared at farms
HEART SURGERY
Colombo – Katunayake Expressway: 39 months
Conducted with the patronage of Hon. T. B. Ekanayake, Minister of Culture and the Arts and Hon. Vasantha Ekanayake, Secretary to the Ministry.
It amounts to 84.3% of the total storage.
Disposal of Soil excavated during the Construction of the Sanitary Landfill at Maligawatta, Dompe
Air Vice Marshall H.D Abeywickrema – Deputy Chief of Staff, Sri Lanka Air Force.
v. Maintaining a retail outlet during lunch break at concessionary rate and maintenance of the welfare canteen
Computer Training
Geo technical and foundation engineering,
(a) General Warrant No. 4 of 2015 - in the case of general services
This 30 minutes program telecasts once a month.
The following observations are also made in this regard.
Arachchikattuwa
Functions of the Ministry of Justice
After January 1, 2019, the Finance Manager takes over the matters relating to payroll.
Moreover, the number of fatal vehicle accidents as well as the number of resultant loss of lives has seen a substantial reduction.
An analysis of the financial results of the Overtime Fund for the year ended 31 December 2012 and the 09 preceding years is given below.
1.3.1. Accounting Deficiencies
17th July - 02 Days
Dividend per share (Rs.)
Area of Development Activity
Under the national policy titled “Five Fold Policy”,   the Government has targeted to make a socio-economic revolution.
Sri Lanka Valuers’ Service
1.1. Qualified Audit Opinion
Percentage of 2011
15 Investments in Associates
Hon. Rishad Bathiudeen, Minister of Industry and Commerce of Sri Lanka led the Sri Lankan delegation.
Total Number of Electors - 2014
With the development of officers in mind, 16 training programs have been conducted in the year 2015 for all categories of officers of the Department from Executives, Staff Officers, and Authorized Officers to Public Management Assistants, Development Officers, Office Assistants (K. K. S.) and Drivers.
Design failures
Vehicles (2003)
05-3  Service Charges
Research in progress.
Distribution of Plants
12,000 Copies of “Hindu Pnachangam” were published and provided to people, temples and Hindu Organizations
Charges and other receipts charged under the Motor Traffic Act
Conversion of Foreign Exchange
1.1. Message from Government Agent/  District Secretary, Puttalam
Carrying out organizing activities for the Deyata Kirula National Development Exhibition to be held in Matara in the year 2015
After 18th February 2013, the Company renewed the operating lease agreement on a quarterly basis.
Rs. 297,303 Schedules - decisions of the Director Board
9. Pelmadulla
However, due to shortcomings in some vouchers, the total number of Adult Identity Cards issued grants for the year concerned was 17,109.
Sri Lanka Tennis Association
Child Development Asstant PL 11
No.22/2, Peiris Mawatha, Panadura
Grama Niladhari
Mobile Phone Repairing
Placing the Sports Officers on an appropriate salary scale.
Lakvijaya Coal-Fired Power Station at Puttalam
Emergency Operation Centre,
Material transfers
Conducted 03 training courses on teaching.
District Veterinary Investigation Centres
To all Heads of Academic/ Non-Academic Departments and all members of the Permanent Staff of the University,
According to the Memorandum of the Project, the Ministry of Finance and Planning, presently the Ministry of Finance and Mass Media is the Executing Agency and the National Water Supply and Drainage Board is the Implementing Agency of the Project.
3.8) With the aim of controlling the fluctuation of the price, Vegetable cultivation program was implemented in Rajanganaya, Morawewa, Minneriya, Kirindi Oya in off season.
As at 31 December 2012
Puttalam District Sports Complex
Written Statements have been given
Marriage, Birth, Death Certificate Translation
An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies adopted by management and the reasonableness of accounting estimates, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of financial statements.
The following law reform activities are being carried out by the Department of Law Commission.
Neluwa
Internal Audit Officer (Acting)
A sum of Rs. 171,040 had been incurred for conduct programmes such as programmes relating to categorization of waste, school art competitions, home garden competitions and distribution of waste containers.
Table 1: Transfer of Government Revenue - 2014 and 2015
A stage drama named “Heroes Never Die” was staged on 28th of February 2014 by the prison inmates of Welikada Prison with a view to develop skills in arts & drama of prison inmates.
The area excluding the inland water 62,336 sq. km.
The Administration Division provides the necessary assistance to achieve the objectives of the Ministry through the proper management of the human resources, which is the most valuable resource available in this Ministry.
800m free stroke
Participation in Observatory Level
Technologies ready to be Transferred
Cash Flow Statement
01. Self-employment Loans
Buffer tablets - P.H.7
Regularly work with agencies and relevant departments to ensure better coordination of issues related to foreign debt
Implementing a programme to facilitate consumers to obtain water and sewerage connections easily
The Divineguma Development Department has been established by the Divineguma Act No. 01 of 2013.
The Graphic Unit attached to the News Division played a substantial role to telecast the news.
Yours faithfully,
Party Symbol
Thapassara Muhandiramlage Hasitha Samantha
5. Multilateral Trade Relations
B.A.P
In 2016, the Government introduced the Zero Based Budgeting (ZBB) approach as an instrument for the preparation of the annual budget estimates.
My No.: EST-7/LEAVE/03/3460
Electoral District No. 10
August 20, 2017 - August 26, 2017
Provision of additional funds for unforeseen expenditure and submission of Supplementary Estimates to Parliament
Capacity Development Workshop for the Social Services Officers/ Social Development Assistants/ Development Officers in Matara, Monaragala, Colombo, and Kegalle
Driver (2)
(ii) Accepted.
Greater Colombo Water Rehabilitation Project - 2017
Avissavella
Rehabilitation & development of road network
Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
3.7. Weather conditions in the district
Then the Board of Directors initiated legal action to recover this.
Aryawansha Pathma Sri Munasinghe
Provision of mobile radio communication facilities to the Batticaloa grid substation by installing new fixed and mobile radio sets and carrying out field tests to extend the coverage of the Kirimatiyakanda repeater station
Leather Goods Production
Binari Teledrama
Miscellaneous Deposit Account Number
After initial recognition they are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
The Atorney General's Department, which is a Grade A Department, is in the custody of the Ministry of Justice as per Gazette No. 1933/13 dated 21.09.2015 of the International Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
Debit
5. Drugs and Anti-smoking Day Programmes
The total disbursement reported during the past five years by the Development projects implemented with financial assistance from China amounted to US $ 3,745 million.
Pelawatta Kankotiyawatta Thiniyawala Morawaka road
The resolution was that new avenues for cooperation between the two countries should be explored to promote trade relations.
The utilization of the loans obtained by state-owned enterprises are included.
Udaya Prabhath Gammanpila
Commitments are contracts or written agreements entered into with external parties for the purpose of obtaining goods or services, although the Company has not received the relevant assets or services in respect of goods, services, or construction contracts within the relevant financial year.
Petty complaints which assume a higher proportion in as much as 50% of the entirety of the crimes reported to Police could be categorized to 16 types.
The workshop conducted for the for graduate new appointees at the request of the District Secretary, was a great success.
Works relating to educational institutes
The perspective of the District Deputy/ Assistant Commissioners of Elections who observed these operations is that this programme provided an opportunity to identify genuine residents and to accept BC forms and specially minimized the attempts to insert names fraudulently to get children admitted to popular schools.
At the Local Level: FLICT conducts its activities in 5 pilot districts, Ampara, Badulla, Galle, Mullaitivu and Puttlam, in coordination with the Provincial Councils, District Secretariats, Divisional Secretariats and Pradeshiya Sabha Offices, alongside conducting activities with selected Community-Based Organizations.
By implementing the International Trade Development and Image Building Program to Build a Positive Image in the Garment Industry, necessary network links are made through websites to become a leading supplier of Sri Lanka and also market promotion activities and trade conferences, direct market promotion activities are also implemented.
Sri Lanka
Multiple deposit account number
US$ million
The extent of this town is 130 km from the east coast of the Periya Kallaru in the South to the Verugal Oya in the North.
Mr. N. J. Abeysekere PC. and Prof. S. Ratnajeevan H. Hoole are the other members of the Election Commission.
Youths who enter different employment opportunities contribute to the economic development of the country.
Construction work for the remaining houses (3,916) will continue.
M.G.E.A. More than 25%
Financially Assisted (Rs. 7,500) Divisional Level Elders Board - 2012
Number of affected families by Elephant attack
Total Carrying amount of Property, Plant & Equipment
Non-completion of construction works within due period
09. Badulla
(c) Staff Administration
Total Number of Registered Votes in 2015
152(III) Special Circular for the provision of relief to the victims of the prevailing disaster situation
Bulathsinghala
Psychosocial skill tranning Programme
(Ministry of Traditional Industries and Small Enterprise Development)
Closing of Accounts for the Financial Year 2015
Mr. Sirithunga Jayasooriya
The manner in which social responsibilities could be undertaken by each citizen.
A road roller which had not been vested to the Council had remained idle for a 03 year period.
Introducing amendments to the Ordinance has become a dire necessity in order to strengthen the operation of the Police Department in the face of changing lifestyles and varied circumstances of economic, social, and political situations.
Rs.
5.1.9. Ministry of National Languages & Social Integration Activities
The scheduled period given to submit postal voting applications (until 30.11.2014), was extended by eight days i.e. until 08.12.2014, the last day for receiving of nominations.
Receptionist / Telephone Operator (Grades I - II)
Contractors’ security deposits
Dr. Lil Gunasekara
Imaduwa
4.1 Chief Accounting Officer, Accounting Officer and Chief Finance Officer of each Ministry and Department shall be responsible for the preparation of the final financial statements for the year 2018, as per F.R. 150, with sufficient clarification as required.
Added: Previous Year's Adjustments
Total of all the Expenditure (Notes 5 to 15)
Hatton    01
Part 2 - 0.01%
Obtaining Professional allowances for Mining Engineers in Geological Survey and Mines Bureau was considered along with the observation of the Ministers of Finance and Planning and Public Administration and Home Affairs, and after discussion it was decided to approve Rs 15,000/= of the funds of Geological Survey and Mines Bureau
Weerawila No. 03
Stated Capital Rupees
Assistant Director, Provincial Health Department, Trincomalee
Other Awareness Programs
Jeyarajah Kisanthan
Red onion
As there were no reconciliations of the court fines sent by the Registrar of the Kuliyapitiya Magistrate Court and the court fines submitted by the Chief Secretary’s Office, it is informed that, court fines recoverable since the year 2015 could not be still recovered.
Matara Grid Substation Augmentation
(1) the matters highlighted in the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning; and
Vice-Chancellors of Universities,
9.4.7. Mr. A. M. Kabeer, Supra Class of Public Management Assistants’ Service, who was serving in the Batticaloa District Elections Office, was appointed as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Puttlam District with effect from 04.06.2015.
Security Fees Payable
(a) A significant variation was observed in the targets of the annual plan and their achievement.
Failure to attend the meetings of the council for a period of three months without permission
Financial Progress (Rs. Mn.)
Two of the major rivers in Sri Lanka, the Kalu and Wallawe rivers, flow through the Ratnapura district.
Under this program, handlooms were distributed among 75 beneficiaries in the area.
One queue needs 4 officers and in addition to this minimum no. of one Junior Presiding Officer for each queue and a polling station assistant (an additional Senior Presiding Officer, depending on the need) will be attached to the Senior Presiding Officer for his assistance.
The Attorney General's Department falls under the category of Grade "A" Department and by the proclamation published in the Gazette No. 1651/20	dated 30.04.2010, it comes under the purview of the His Excellency the President.
The Scheduling Unit supports the Marketing Division to fulfil their income targets by proper scheduling and telecasting of advertisements obtained from clients through healthy relationships.
BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31st DECEMBER 2011
2.2.8 Non-compliance with laws
(H) Chawakachcheri
12 Mr. D. Dammika, Assistant Title Investigation Officer
Marketing
Two-day Workshop on Salary Conversions
The Public can obtain basic information about spatial data and due payments from the Internet.
The Sugathadasa National Sports Complex Authority which possesses a specific capacity for the provision of facilities and services in day and night times has contributed immensely in the National Level for the provision of facilities and services in the fields of Sports, Health, Education and Recreation.
Construction of stalls for ministries at Deyata Kirula National Development Exhibition
Names of the National level Co-operative Societies under the Co-operative Employees' Commission and employment details in the year 2014    11-13
Post of Assistant Superintendent of Sri Lanka Police Service and higher grades
To control events of infringement or imminent infringement of peace
Delays occurred owing to most of the projects being in their initial stages
Annual Report of the Arthur C Clarke Institute for Modern Technologies for the Year 2013.
It has been decided to provide the facility to obtain Treasury Accounting Statements through the New CIGAS program through the internet for Government Ministries, Departments, Special Spending Units and District Secretariats from August 2019 onwards.
Thiyagarasa Puwasanthan
83. Weligepola
Factories that are interested in contributing to this have been recognized through newspaper advertisements in January 2014.
Cumulative Progress as at 10.10.2011: 5.5%
(a) Eligibility of the supplier (lessor): Eligible supplier should be a vehicle agent who is a franchise holder of world renowned vehicle brands available in Sri Lanka, financial institution licensed under the Central Bank of Sri Lanka or a car rental service (i.e. Rent a Car Companies) with at least more than 10 vehicles in their fleet
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Total of Project 2
Net result savings/ surplus Rs.
In addition to the census, a number of surveys such as the Annual Industry Survey, the Quarterly Industrial Products Survey and the Annual Construction Industry Survey were carried out successfully for the year 2014 and the data were presented quarterly.
Heads of Departments
Initial coordination was arranged but it was decided to implement in 2012 due to a decision of the restructuring programme structure (As instructed by the Chairperson)
It is expected to shift the Head quarters of the Ranaviru Sewa Authority to this building in first quarter of 2012.
The audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates adopted by the Management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of financial statements.
District
Grant approval of the Department of the National Budget to travel abroad for various purposes (trainings, meetings, seminars, conference etc.)
Abeysinghe Arachchilage Wijethunga
Workshop on Modern Diplomatic Strategies for Small States - Malta
Actual Expenditure - Rs.
Inordinate delay in obtaining approval for building development licenses was the reason that caused a drop in the field.
The examination fee should be paid at any branch of Bank of Ceylon in the island to the credit of  “the Account No 7041541 of the Commissioner of Official Languages, Bank of Ceylon, Rajagiriya”.
Secretary/ Head of Department/ District Secretary
06. Wellaimanal Quazis Court
Capital Works
Selecting a group of trainers at provincial level and conducting 09 training programmes to develop their skill and enhance their knowledge.
Settlements and Fines
3. Hanguranketha
In 2009 there was total production and about 3312 support poles were manufactured and supplied to the Ceylon Electricity Board and Sri Lanka Telecom.
Rs. 400,000.00
Survey activities of North Central Province Canal Project (Anuradhapura 70.0 k.m. and Vavuniya 10.5 km)
Salary with the increment as at ……… 2019 (Subjecting to the earning of the salary increment)
Managing Director, Lanka Tiles PLC‍
Name of the Officer
Under the Ministry of Public Administration
10. Methodologies to achieve targets and objectives
The construction work of the project has been entrusted to China Machinery Engineering Corporation (CMEC) on an EPC basis.
(g) Without any approval, the Company had been paid a monthly travelling allowance of Rs.15,000 for every employee.
More than 3500 words related to other subjects have been collected and translated.
Internal Auditor
Progress of the Activities of the Bilingual Relief Window
Balance 2013/12/31 Rs
Entertainment Activities
Table VIII
According to the conditions of the lease agreement entered into, the Corporation did not have the right for the revision of the rent during the entire lease period of 50 years.
The audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the management as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
Kekirawa Ranaviru Village
In addition, a special bidding process was also held at Co-op City and Co-operative Wholesale Corporation.
Responding to questions of Parliament on foreign debt on behalf of the Government
Expense Description
This Annual Performance Report presents the activities carried out by 10 technical institutes and 3 support service divisions of the Department of Agriculture during 2013.
Conducted a lecture on the butterflies of Sri Lanka at St. Matthew’s Vidyalaya, Colombo with the participation of 250 students.
5.2.3 Details of Government Officers Advance Account - 269011
Sri Lanka remains a beneficiary for Standard GSP preference under the new scheme.
Awareness Programs on Community Based Correction Act
Repaired the drains of Studio complex.
Web:  www.lawandorder.lk  ‍
It has started developing these rural roads in line with the Road Week.
Henceforth, advertisements to call applications for this examination will not be published in the Gazette, and the candidates may submit their applications continuously for this Written Examination.
Balangoda
All items of Property, Plant, & Equipment are initially recorded at cost.
Programmes were carried out in both Sinhala and Tamil mediums as well.
Contract No.: C20
Conduct of Elections
The focus of Members was largely on the anticipated implementation of the Agreement on Trade Facilitation, including the fine-tuning of the legal text, and notification of Members of those provisions that they would be able to implement on entry into force of the Agreement.
It is not required to furnish such explanations for savings of less than 5% or Rs. 10,000/- whichever is higher than the total net provision.
Examination Session
Long term Investments in listed Company’s shares are maintained at the Par Value or Cost due to the fluctuation in the share prices during the year which is reported.
He also holds a Master’s Degree in Institutional Management from the University of Peradeniya.
Significant transaction have been reported as follows.
Action should be taken as per the order of Committee of Public Accounts.
Mr. Rohan Perera
Eelam People's Democratic Party
Ministry of Finance and Planning Prepares the chapter "Foreign Aid" for the Annual Report for the year 2013
Drivers attached to the District Secretariat and all Divisional Secretariats
Director General
Total Financial Assets
Central Kandy
Stationary and office needs
Length (Km): -
XI. Comparative statement of the registered number of voters according to the Polling Divisions (2006-2015)
Kareinagar
Dankotuwa Girls School
Numeric Table – 10
Trade receivables are stated at the estimated amounts to realize net of provisions for bad and doubtful debts.
Miss K. Thirupalani
Special Order Expenses
The life certificate of each artist had been obtained and payment had made to their personal accounts from October 2017.
CO 41
Promoting outward migration of public from Colombo area
Table 1.1
According to the information received, the construction work of the buildings and the farm had been substantially completed and installation of equipment remained in progress as at 15 September 2019.
At the conclusion of the period referred to the regulation 7 the Secretary may in his discretion, notify the appellant and the person who have made objections or comments under regulation 6, to appear before him at a formal hearing of the appeal on such date and time as may be set out in such notice.
Project for Construction of Dredger
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Presently one case is pending in the High Court and another in the Court of Appeal under this Act.
2.2.4 Non–compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
Summary of Capital Expenditure
The programme, 'Deyata Sevana', was successfully conducted on 15.11.2014 in collaboration with and active participation of other institutions in the Government, private and non-government sectors.
Enter your Name:
In stating deposit account numbers, complete account number as per the Treasury printout copy should be included.
CSI.ROL supported a series of 16 legal awareness-raising outreach programs that were conducted by the legal officers of LAC for migrant workers and their families.
PT - Potential Transformer
(4) Changes
(I) Akmeemana
Mrs. Kamalini De Silva
II. Unregistered (brand new) vehicles not more than 1600 cc engine capacity can be procured under this method within the price ceiling given in respect of the following categories
Repair of 08 bathrooms at circuit bungalow of Katharagama
Other notes
Greeting for Deepawali festival
The total number of counting halls was 1,600 of which 317 were centers for counting of postal votes.
Others (Private Sector)
According to the above table 08 classes have been discontinued in 2014
Garden Work Supervisor
Use of decisions and estimates
Disabled status or ailment
The Social Security Board of Sri Lanka is functioning under the Ministry of Social Empowerment and Welfare, further expanding its scope through the Social Security Board (Amendment) Act No. 33 of 1999 established by the Social Security Board Act No. 17 of 1996.
Winning Career Challenge programme
33 Mr. H. G. T. Deshapriya, P. M. S. III
On the final day, a ceremony to award certificates was held under the chairmanship of the Honorable Minister, at the Vijayaba Maha Vidyalaya, Mahawa
The progress achieved during the year 2014 under each mission/thematic area of the "Haritha (Green) Lanka" Programme, which was developed by the Ministry through a participatory and an interactive process involving all key stakeholders in the environment & natural resources sector of the country, is mentioned here.
4.1.6. Revenue Collected by the District Secretary - Year 2015
Eelam People's Democratic Party
Sri Lanka Administrative Service
I. E Senarathne
Financial Regulations of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka
No. of Development Plans Implemented
Employee emoluments and allowances
Action had been taken to resolve this issue.
Before 30th June
Arrangements were made to provide the donors with details of recipient children to whom they will provide aid.
The key function of the Environment unit is to monitor and assist in the implementation of this Environmental Policy of CEB and this is the focal point for most of the environmental activities carried out by the Board.
There were no total failures during the year.
(b)To further provide the concession granted by Public Administration Circular No. 162 dated 01.04.1980 to officers in Primary Grade.
The main objective of the Law Commission is to promote the reforms of the law.
Office Furniture
i. Officers who have exercised their option to be absorbed into Sri Lanka Information and Communication Technology Service, but who have not been absorbed yet due to not satisfying the professional qualifications as per 8.1.1. (f) of the said service minute and 5.1 (ii) of Public Administration Circular No. 4/2011.
Performance Report for the year 2014
Total from sources
Completion date: 28.11.2012
Regional Specialized Economic Centers
I am pleased to add a few words about the Department of Hindu Religious and Cultural Affairs at the time of presenting the Performance Report and Annual Accounts for 2014.
Period
2.3 Human Resources Management
Mr. R. G. Nadeera Nisansala
The Rural Development Training and Research Institute was established in 1974 as the primary and foremost government institution in the country for participatory development and development.
The primary function of this is to analyze the capacity of the Ministry to develop innovative models and to create a training manual.
Nevertheless, a period of 1 ½ year had elapsed by April 2013 since the acting appointment had been made.
The five different irrigation water (IW)/ cumulative pan evaporation (CPE) ratios were selected and applied at different growth stages (1 month, 2 months, and 3 months period) of hybrid maize Variety "Pacific 999 super".
(e) Salary Point in terms of schedule I: Rs.
The diocese level competitions are organized by the respective Rev. Directors of the Dioceses.
The motive of the Ranaviru Sewa Authority is making the tomorrow of these respectable children a better and secured one.
(III) Vehicle utilization
Term Deposits with Banks
Mandate and Responsibilities
Annex 35
1. Give reasons for the difference between the 4 and 5 balances above.
This method is carried out by the maintenance of temperature and humidity by releasing the hot air generated within the store to the outside atmosphere using exhaust fans and absorbing the cold air in the outside atmosphere into the warehouse.
World Children’s Day
Estimated Minimum Receipt Limit for Government Advance Accounts for the year 2014 is Rs.14.1 billion.
2.2.3 Non - Compliance with Laws, Rules, and Regulations
New Recognized Political Parties List 2017
Total Allocation
The new GSP+ facility will enable Sri Lanka to export products at zero duty to Norway, creating a new duty free market access to Norway.
The date you have to pass your efficiency bar / the date of increment will remain unchanged.
The Government of India, the Government of Singapore, and the Asian Development Bank have provided significant training opportunities in 2014.
Dr. Prasad Abeysinghe
06.10.2011-Kankasnathurei Women’s Army corps.camp
Machinery and Installations
7.Hambantota
Aalvaapillai Mathiyarasan
Reimbursable Foreign Grants
Unsettled Festival Advances
The scope of the project was to design, manufacture, supply, install and commission, a diesel engine driven power plant at Chunnakam in Jaffna Peninsula by December 31, 2012, as an EPC turnkey contract so that electricity can be obtained without delay.
Nevertheless, this profit had been increased up to Rs.2,600,231 due to the interest on fixed deposits and non-operating income amounting to Rs.2,418,587.
Number of Correction  Orders Received as per the Nature of the Offence
Beneficiaries: 2300 farmer families
Table XIV
06. Implementation of projects & programs to prevent pollution of water sources & its environs and formulation of strategies to ensure quality of water.
The procedures selected depend on the Auditor`s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
Southern Road Coordination Project
Quoted Investments
The experiment will be repeated.
In inviting quotations under the shopping procedure, the quotations had been invited from the un registered supplies institutions as well.
09.  The application for compensation shall be submitted to the Commissioner of Elections within one year from the date of accident.
Promotional Fair participation from Sri Lanka in host country
Ms. S.V.G.N. Priyadarshani, a Research Assistant attached to the University of Colombo Institute for Agro-Technology and Rural Sciences, participated at the International Banana Symposium 2012, held in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
(C) Other relevant documents (Police reports, Grama Niladhari certificates etc.)
Total expenses in Rs.’mn
Damaged goods
Table 02
The Third BIMSTEC Summit, 14th BIMSTEC Ministerial Meeting and the 16th BIMSTEC Senior Officials’ Meeting was held from 1-4th March in Nay Pyi Taw, Myanmar.
(C) Kankasanthurai
A project to computerize the functions of the library of the Sri Lanka Bhikshu University, Anuradhapura was submitted and necessary upgrading of Data Entry modules and modules required for Report Printing were installed at client's site during the year.
Feedback and Monitoring Programmes for Resource Persons
57th Annual General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)
Directives have been sought from the Ministry of Finance on the repudiation of collective agreements, but no advice had been received from the Ministry as of now.
Empowering the implementation of Official Language Policy in 14 Innovative Model centers
Trincomalee   01
Sri Lankan Catering has not acted to identify the Sustainable Development Goals by 2030 due to lack of awareness of the Goal Achievement Agenda.
Tasks such as the construction of chain link fences to protect plants from wild animals, construction of drainage and culvert systems developing the garden, development of internal roads paving (interlocking), and renovation of water tanks for the convenience of the visitors by spending Rs. 11.34 million, which is 90.35% of the Rs. 12.52 million allocated from the Botanic Gardens Trust Fund.
3.4 Cash and cash equivalents
Ketawala Vocational Training Institute
Further, instructions shall be given to submit only one application by an officer. (Internal Transfer Committees may use this form making necessary revisions.)
Batahira Ahasa programeme – Live Magazine Programme
Environmental screening of line routes, the arrangement of site visits of the Environmental Scoping Committee, and obtaining terms of reference for the IEE studies of the following transmission projects have been completed.
Mohomed Muththalib Shiraji Hassan
Shortcomings in systems and controls observed during the audit were brought to the notice of the Chairman from time to time.
Chief Security Officer / Security Officer
Sri Lanka Rugby Football Association
No. of Certified Copies issued to the Public - 14622
Kaurikanthan Kathiravelu
A Master Procurement Plan had not been prepared by the Sabha.
Department of Public Finance
Under the program, the government has prepared 21 action plans with the participation of farmer organizations to identify the tasks to be carried out at the farmer organization level.
Losses and write off
By publishing newspaper advertisements, applications are invited from factories who wish to contribute to this program, and this training program is conducted in Sri Lanka Textile and Garment Institute or in the factory premises regarding the basic areas of Production, Industrial Engineering Service Quality, Product Development, Training, and Training Evaluation after developing learning tools and preparing training programs.
Number of shareholders
1.3.1 Accounting Policies
Accordingly, National Design Centre participated in 14 exhibitions held at Kandy, Hambantota, Ratnapura, Batticaloa, Polonnaruwa, Badulla, Kilinochchi, Matale, Vavuniya, Galle, Trincomalee, Mullaitivu, Nuwara-Eliya and Kalutara in the year 2012 and conducted awareness programs to those who request services from our Institute.
Field officers attached to the Ministry participated in these functions.
Batticaloa,
Participated in the Annual General Meetings.
Making policy decisions required in the implementation of the functions of the Department of Wildlife Conservation.
Formulation of probiotic food as an alternative treatment for Helicobacter pylori infection
4.4 Department accounts are not reconciling with the Treasury printouts.
That is, old expenditure should be surcharged and new expenditure should be credited.
Electricity Board
Kondachchi Marichchukaddi Road
Business Counselling (Clinic)
Establishment of protected area network
Attending a meeting with the Legal Division of the International Atomic Energy Agency on the Authority Act
Facilities such as electronic time measuring machines and electronic measuring machines required for the conduct of internationally recognized Sports Competitions and three storied media unit are among the facilities available in the Stadium.
As a measure to support the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration in a longer Term to enhance the language policy implementation, National Languages Project, in collaboration with the Ministry of Higher Education and the University Grants Commission, provided technical support for academics from universities of Jaffna, Kelaniya and Sabaragamuwa to formulate a model curriculum for a special degree in Bachelor of Arts in Translation in 2013.
Elvitigala Mawatha,
Providing translation services according to the standard methodologies and techniques is another specific role entrusted to the Department.
Administrative Reforms
150 million for the promotion of Hambantota Port and Airport Services and Investment
11. Training program on disciplinary procedures
The activities of the company have expanded beyond the facilitation of military hardware into the defense-related projects with national security implications.
Distribution 4
The Department of Management Services shall issue separate instructions in relation to the revision of salaries of members in Three Armed Forces in consultation with the National Pay Commission.
Rs. 1000 Senior Citizens' Allowance
Establishment and Promotion of School Level Language Circles and Implementation of School Programmes through said Language Circles
Capital Expenditure from Head Office
Following the establishment of the Ministry, approval with regard to 78 personnel was obtained for posts under 18 categories on submission of requests for that purpose to the Department of Management Services in accordance with the cadre requirements.
Mrs. Chandani Wijayawardhana
Mr. H. Rohanadheera, a Research Assistant attached to the University of Colombo Institute for Agro-Technology and Rural Sciences, has completed his Masters Degree at the University of Barcelona under MAHEWA Erasmus Mundus Scholarship programme and returned back to the Institution in THE year 2012.
(a) Even though the accounting for the Customs Duty amounting to Rs. 26,774,238 comprising Rs. 9,448,681, Rs. 7,876,877 and Rs. 9,448,680 paid in the years 2009, 2010, and 2012 respectively on the motor vehicles purchase has been accounted as the prizes of the Airport Supiri Wasana Sampath Lottery as expenditure, that amount had been shown under the current assets in the financial statement as a balance receivable.
Warakapola
Review of Expenditure Report 2010/11 and 2011/12
Optimum temperatures for growth and yield for the maize variety, "Ruwan" were identified.
2004.01.00 Central Government
Rs. 62,014.40 has been paid for the service of 11 fax machines for the year 2014.
Desha Vimukthi Janatha Pakshaya
Notes to the Financial Statements
(vi) construction of 132/33 kV Grid Substation at Kalutara, have been selected for development under Green Power Development and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project funded by the ADB.
Facilitate capital mobilization for banks
As per the instructions of the Secretary to the Treasury the reports of the investigations handled are submitted to the Secretary of the relevant Ministry or to the Head of the relevant institution for necessary further actions in which the objective is to prevent the repetition of the deficiencies and irregularities revealed through the investigations.
The annual amounts to be transferred to all provinces are decided by the General Treasury in terms of the Fiscal Policy Circular No: 01/2010 of 29.12.2010.  The General Treasury has allocated Rs. 36,600 million from the nationally collected revenue to the provinces for the year 2016.
09-8 Ranaviru Rimem.& Benivo. Project
Rs. 8.00 Mn
After discussing this, it was decided to recommend to the Cabinet of Ministers as follows, taking into consideration the observations 1 to 4 above.
Land (Hectares)
Will this account balance be credited to the Consolidated Fund at the end of the year?
Construction work on Vellaimanal Quazi Court and Sainthamaruthu Quazi Court has been completed.
Door to Door, Village to Village Special Projects
Nominated as a Best Dubbed Programme
Mr. A. S. Weerasinghe
Thereafter, Mr. Mahinda Deshapriya, who was appointed as an Additional Commissioner of Elections of the Elections Secretariat from 01.11.2010 to 24.03.2011 assumed duties as the Sixth Commissioner of Elections of the Department of Elections on 25.03.2011 when Mr. Dayananda Dishanayake, the then Commissioner of Elections retired from the service on 24.03.2011.
This project consists of three components.
The Auditor-General and the Auditors of the company have examined the Financial Statements made available by the Board of Directors together with all the financial records, related data and minutes of shareholders and directors meetings, and express their opinion in their report presented in this Annual Report.
3.3 When making applications for annual transfers, the applications prepared strictly in accordance with the specimen introduced for the purpose shall be submitted.
Diyagama Ralalage Indra Gunathilaka
Department of Census and Statistics
Ampara District
12.3 Distribution of Circulars
Judgment Writing in Labor Tribunals Appeals
The Road Development Authority (RDA) has gained the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers to finance 64 road development projects with funding from local banks up to Rs. 151.7 billion.
Ellewewa Reservoir
Construction of additional floors of the Agro and Food Technology Building of the new ITI Complex in Malabe, and the construction of the administration block and the Agro and Food Technology Sector was completed with the income earned by the ITI.
Plant sales revenue
Number of Local Government Members and Provincial Councilors and Members of Parliament by Electorate, Divisional Secretariat
- Rs. 16.8 million
Program Services (Repetitive)
The following accounting principles are used or specified for all periods of the financial statements presented.
(a) Accounts Receivable
This programme is supervised solely by the Institute.
Its infrastructure facilities have been implemented.
01. New Court Complex at Batticaloa
Relations between the fund and the agreement for the project of the Reconstruction of 25 Bridges signed in 2014 further strengthened.
128 should be taken over and this is due to the high cost of surveying that should be incurred.
Voluntary, Retirement Compensation and Retirement Gratuity
Age analysis of Loans/ Advance balances to be received (From the retired officers)
2.2.2 Rates and Taxes
3.4 Annual Expenditure Progress
With this consolidation, the CEB now provides electricity to 96% of the households in Sri Lanka.
Acknowledgment
Thereafter, No decision regarding transfers shall be taken by them.
Employee Matters and Communications
Sri Lanka Co-operative Marketing Federation Ltd.04
Anuradhapura Public Sports Complex
Public Administration Circular No.: 26/2013
The financial progress at each year is shown in the following tables.
Net Result Balance / (Excess)
Vine training and pruning
6.2. South Asian Preferential Trading Arrangement
Various stages of the Language panning program
Project income, consultancy income are recognized as revenue on accrual basis.
International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)/ Regional Cooperation Agreement (RCA) Regional Executive Meeting for End-user and Policy Makers on Radiation Grafting
7.2   Changes in the Ministry Staff during 2014
Improve the transport system in Sri Lanka and contribute to regionally balanced and socially inclusive economic growth
Lakdiva Engineering Co. Ltd
(d) That the Statement of Expenditure submitted could be fairly relied upon to support the application for reimbursement in accordance with the requirements specified in the Project Agreements, and
2.1. Awareness programmes & Training programmes for Officers
The total of the working debtor balance under the provisions of the Ministry of Provincial Councils 2016 had been understated by Rs. 401,264.
Recommendations of the review report of functions and work activities under management reforms are been carried out, and several recommendations in this regard have already been formulated.
Pharmaceutical Services Division
Dambadeniya
The dates stipulated for submission of Monthly Summaries of Accounts to the Department of State Accounts during the year 2018, by all Ministries, Departments and District Secretariats as stated in the annexed Schedules are given overleaf.
Management Assistant (9)
Ms. T.U.P Wijewickrama
The onus of this Ministry is to carry on the services of the general public with efficiency and in a people friendly manner by way of implementing policy providing programmes and projects that are imperative in the maintenance of public security and law and order within the national policy guidelines.
Recruitment on Temporary, Casual (on daily wages), Substitute, Contract or Relief basis
The key activity of the National Task Force is to develop an Annual Action Plan.
4. Scholarships Project
Mr. Nishantha Rathnayake
Tamil Diploma (Weekend) 1 Year
The annual action plan should be prepared accordingly and should maintain good control over company performance by reviewing the progress.
E-Mail Address
In the Administrative Report issued by the department for the year 1931, it has been stated that lands with a higher population density, lands with clear boundaries and State owned and private lands have been subjected to such exclusion.
(i) Lack of proper supervision
Nursing Officer  (Grade 111, 11, 1)
Adjustment related previous year
Office Assistant Services
Legal reforms work
However, the actions were taken to maintain a separate ledger page for this purpose, after this had been pointed out in the audit.
3.20. Replanting Advisory Board
Buildings 4%
(i) Reasons for the requirement of vehicle/s
Name of the Revenue Accounting Officer:
Wholesale and Retail Trade
Nevertheless, out of 06 numbers of loan approval forms relating to 13 sub-projects submitted to the audit, only a sum of Rs. 17.75 million for 05 sub-projects had been approved by the Secretary to the Ministry concerned, but that amount too had not been disbursed to Participating Credit Institutions (PCI) by the Project Management Unit (PMU) during the year under review.
Date of Recovery
Energy Marketing Branch has prepared the Transaction Accounts/ Notes for the year 2013  on monthly basis, based on the Electricity transferred to the Distribution Licensees from the Transmission Licensees each and every month.
During the year 2015, it was planned to conduct 08 follow up programs for teachers and an amount of Rs. 1,000,000.00 was allocated for that.
Information Technology and Productivity Promotion
Development performance
Gama Neguma
As per Section 21(1) of the Value Added Tax (Amendment) Act No. 14 of 2002, Tax Return on Value Added Tax collected on the last date of the month subsequent to the lapse of the period of levying each tax or prior to that should be provided.
This report is issued in terms of Article 154(6) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
First Departmental Examination for Promotion of Officers in the Sri Lanka Technological Service from Class II "B" to Class II "A" (for Remote Sensing Technological Officer)
This includes mobile awareness programs, workshops, observation tours, one-day education sessions, 03 day residential observation tours and six month certificate courses on wildlife conservation.
FLICT assists the government of Sri Lanka by supporting the development and implementation of a policy framework for social integration and inclusive citizen participation, among state and civil society actors.
C 473
During the year 2009, the Corporation imported 84,308 metric tons of cement from Pakistan and distributed it in the market under the brand name ‘Kankesan’.
The Cement Manufacturing Factory of the Sri Lanka Cement Corporation is located in Jaffna and it has been closed since 1990 due to the crisis that prevailed there.
It has been observed that state funds have been used by Public Institutions to give publicity and sponsorship for various activities in the recent past.
RAW MATERIALS
Northern Section I
Payment for Certain Grades for working on weekends and public holidays
Formal educational programs for G.C.E. (O/L) students were also telecast continuously under the theme of “Jathika Pasala”.
Salaries, Wages, Employees, Provident, Employees
Police Constable (Driver)
v. Mapiya Surekuma Programme
The modification of the control system of Frame V gas turbine No. 5 for black start facility was carried out.
Ms. Jayatilleke joined the Animal Production and Health Service in 2006 and is currently serving as a Veterinary Officer in the Livestock Development Division of the Ministry.
Overall Review
CSLROL supported a series of 16 legal awareness-raising outreach programmes that were conducted by legal officers for migrant workers and their families.
Road Section: Sardapura – Trincomalee
Current Tax on Ordinary Activities for the Year
An employee loan amounted to Rs. 205,394, had not been recovered for a long time as at 31 December 2018.
Filling of Vacancies in Municipal Councils - 2015
Recurrent Expenditure
Kuliyapitiya
No. of temporary licenses issued
Total Net Asset/ Mass
Design Development Programs-70
(b) The value of 07 lands and buildings belonging to the Sabha had not been assessed and brought to the accounts.
Project 2 - Divisional Secretariats
Research and development on disaster mitigation
Judicial Training Academy, New Delhi
G / Malharusulliya Middle School
SAARC established in 1985, was limited to broad areas such as Health, Population, Meteorology, Telecommunication, Sports, Culture etc. at the initial stage.
4. Kalawana
Promotion of infrastructure for Hindu Temples
(a) According to the notes to the accounts, the items of revenue and expenditure, which followed the accrual basis and cash basis, had not been disclosed.
They are the transmission line from the power station at Sampoor to Veyangoda and the coal unloading jetty.
The Ministry of Resettlement approved the above project in 2014 and carried out deforestation in two villages in the Musali Divisional Secretariat Division for the purpose of resettlement.
Fuel & Lubricants
Under this scheme Sri Lanka has exported US $ 19.17 million worth of goods to Mexico and Peru during the period of review.
Implementing an Income Generating Programme among Tsunami and War victims in the Batticola District
Receivable balance as at 31.12.2018 which was remitted but not mentioned in the treasury books
Department of Social Services
Length: 99km
National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health has provided services for Environmental Measurements for 90 institutes of various vocational fields as a daily activity.
Technical Services Division (TS)
Money for Social Services
Inspector of Police (Orchestra)
Mr. R. A. A. K. Ranawaka, Secretary Ministry of Local Government and Provincial Councils appointed as a member to the Board of Directors of Ceylon Electricity Board on 06.03.2013.
Grama Niladhari Training
Number of Workshops
Capital Expenditure
115 cheques were dishonored up to the year 2013 and out of that 52 cheques had been outstanding for more than one year.
Government-owned enterprises employed a strong workforce of about 261,683 people, an increase of 2.1 percent in 2014 compared to 2013.
Press Secretary
Paragraph (g) of section 5
(b) The Board did not have a methodology for the determination of the item and the maximum and minimum limits of the money in connection with the sponsorships given for the promotion of the image of the institution.
(A) Bibila
125 officers seconded to implement the Official Language Policy in public institutions in the Uva Province participated in this programme.
06. Recognition of political parties and filling of vacancies in the Parliament
Nearly 555,000 people  could be addressed through 45 mobile drugs prevention programs carried out covering places from town to town across the island
Goal:
Department of Agriculture, with a proud history spanning over 100 years is the main institute vested with the mandate of developing the agriculture sector in Sri Lanka.
(a) Sri Lanka Customs had not taken the instructors of the Commissioner General of Inland Revenues into consideration in deducting the Pay As You Earn Tax on the rewards paid to the officers.
Mulkirigala
(b) Insurance Charges
Commercial Bank of Ceylon Ltd.
Mr. Dhamitha Kumarasingha
Accordingly, the Ministry successfully conducted programmes for the representatives from local government bodies in Sabaragamuwa Province in 2013 and from the Uva and the North Western Provinces in 2014.
Number of cases received
Labourer iii
Conversion of Salary in terms of public Administration Circular 03/2016 as at 01.01.2016
01.Maintenance of a special buffer stock of rice as per the Colombo declaration and 16th conference of South Asian Association for Regional Co–operation (SAARC)
It will affect to the expected results and outcome of the Project.
With the aim of making a success of these aims, the National Budget has diverted nearly Rs. 5000 million set aside for The Ministry of Economic Development to the Colombo District  for productive development projects targeting village communities.
Officers from 27 private hospitals took part for this program.
At the request of the Ministry of Research and Technology, ITI accepted the challenge of testing the contamination of DCD in imported powdered milk.
2011 shows an increase in sales compared to the previous year.
The cash inflow was Rs. 1,823 million approximately.
For the houses that were damaged from the flood disasters that occurred in the District of Batticaloa in 2012,2013,2014 and 2600 fully completed houses and 9 safe houses were constructed under the financial allocation of Rs.47,620,000.00 by the Ministry of Disaster Management.
Senkadagala
02. Therefore, you are kindly requested to inform all the institutions coming under your purview to take action accordingly.
Allocation for Divineguma Department
The sewerage treatment unit reconstructed by incurring Rs. 1,175,000 in the year 2016 had not been operated even by the end of the year under review.
(a) Pradeshiya Sabha (Financial and Administration) Rules 1986 Rule 218 - Lands and buildings owned by the Council (Sabha) had not been surveyed annually.
Agency commission amounting to Rs. 154,780 had been paid to a publicity agency owned by the client.
Making of surgical table for Pandulagama Veterinary office.
Lease rentals aggregating Rs. 5.17 million were paid up to 31 December 2018 without entering into a lease agreement.
Channel Eye
Special Board meetings are also held whenever required.
5.2 Instrument Branch
Land is not depreciated.
over 7200 Hindu people got benefits.
Total of Pensioners
5. Ayagama
Public Management Worker
3. Development Division
Accordingly, the Department of National Budget has continued purchasing vehicles for government agencies by calling competitive bidding from the state leasing companies of Banks.
Our Mission
Integrated Treasury Management Information System ( ITMIS )
Environmental Day Programme
RAS/6/063
ITI Quality Policy
As per Section (vii) 33 of the Grant Implementation Manual, the total estimated cost of the project amounted to US$ 1.08 million equivalent to Rs. 142 million.
Having to extend the project time.
Under Expenditure Head 261-1-1-0-2102, Rs. 5,500,000.00 had been received.
Special Projects
6. International Arbitration Center
Other receivables
Bacteriological Tests of water samples
A brief description of the projects handled by the Transmission Projects Branch during the year is given below.
Insurance & Freight Charges
No. of applications rejected by Werahera Office
The Joint Trade Committee (JTC) between Sri Lanka and Kenya was formulated through a Memorandum of Understanding on Bilateral Trade between Sri Lanka and Kenya with the objective of expanding trade between the two countries and was signed during the visit of H.E. the President to Kenya,
Regional Office
Udaya Dharisanam -
As this amount is not sufficient according to the project estimates, a detailed estimate of Rs. 2,300 million was prepared and submitted to the Budget Department through the Ministry of Irrigation with a view to increasing the allocations, but the allocations did not change.
Major projects to be implemented in 2015
CFC has improved its profit before tax to Rs. 288 million from Rs. 241 million in 2013/14.
The financial contribution was borne by the FLICT.
If this difference in the Net Allocation of Expenditure is less than 5% or Rs. 10,000/- it is not necessary to give explanations.
Applying of concrete to the floor, plastering of walls and floors
6. Three-day workshop on Nurti songs and dramas
Develop herbal gardens and local drug production
Special Sector Development Grant (Health)
Website
Risk Management
Value of Bonds and Liabilities (Rs.)
Partition of rooms in upstairs at Provincial Surveyor General’s Office
It will focus on supporting state capacity to implement Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission (LLRC) recommendations as well as the National Human Rights Action Plan (NHRAP) and the National Policy Framework for Social Integration (NPFSI) by strengthening institutional planning capacities across the sector.
Government grant for capital items
3. Issuance of Elders I.D Cards.
Exam Number:
Also, the maximum borrowing limit was Rs.1,278 billion.
Sub Paragraph 3: 2 (b) of Public Administration Circular 22/99 as amended by Public Administration Circular 22/99 (XXVII)
Today, the first of January of year 2015, marks the commencement of a new year of which the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka makes the expectations of people of the country a reality.
Naula
Record of statements in accordance with Court Orders and Judgments
Enhance legal certainty and stability
7.1 Staff of the Ministry
Elaignarkalin Sinthanaikku - 260 Copies
Ranjith Sujeewa Wijewardena
Percentage
News and Current Affairs Division
Accordingly, approximately 98 briefs have been translated.
Pre-time items
The primary objective of the debate tournament was to build good attitudes with regard to the value of bilingual usage within future students’ generation.
This Pension Scheme was decided and implemented in line with the International Elders Day 2017 under the supervision of the Ministry of Social Services & Social Welfare jointly with the National Secretariat for Elders and the Sri Lanka Social Security Board with effect from 01/01/2008.
Veyangoda
3.10 Motor Vehicles Control
Maize
1.3. Basis of preparation
4.6. The Eleventh Session of the Joint Council Meeting under the United States–Sri Lanka Trade and Investment framework Agreement (TIFA)
3074 of A type (12.5mm) and 2250 of C type (6.0mm) brass bolts required for control points have been produced and 3070 of A-type (12.5 mm) and 1850 C type (6.0 mm) have been issued for use of the field.
Whether the systems and controls were adequate from the point of view of internal control sector so as to ensure a satisfactory control over project management and the reliability of books, records, etc. relating to the operations of the Project,
Financial Assistance for the Rehabilitation of Temples under “Vadakkin Vasantham”
No.: 10.
Divisional Secretariat – Attanagalla, Gampaha
Revenue from the entrance tickets
It is informed that the road is presently being examined and supervised by the Planning Superintendent and steps will be taken in future in accordance with the estimate prepared by the Technical Officer.
According to the above table, 190 teachers have been trained through the 05 Programmes in 2014 and the total cost was Rs. 719,981.00 for the entire programme.
Located in the Pallimune area of Mannar, this tree is 7.5 meters tall and 19.51 meters in circumference.
Mahawa
Nominating a Suitable Officer
Priority was given to the Western Provincial Council Election in the first three months.
The Project to facilitate social integration and transformation
So, there are issues in realizing them.
ADB 12%
6. Aligning with National Policy
ANNUAL TRANSFERS OF OFFICERS IN SUPRA CLASS OF PUBLIC MANAGEMENT ASSISTANTS' SERVICE - 2014
The above activities which have not been assigned to any other Minister and any other statutes of the above entities
Formulation and implementation of policy plans and programmes aimed	at the efficient and meaningful administration of justice;
Note: The Budget ceiling of each spending agency is given through the ITMIS.
Occupational Diseases
(iii) Arrangements have already been made to use the aforesaid cab for the activities of the Jaffna Concrete Yard.
17. Directors' Interest in Contracts
Promotion of inter-ethnic friendship
Mrs. A.A.M.M. Thilakarathna
Transfer of Ownership
ii. Sinhala and Hindu New Year Festival was held with the participation of the staff and their families and prizes were distributed to the winners
(ii) Standard 18 - Even though the assets should be depreciated from the time when the relevant assets were suitable for use, the motor vehicles purchased at a cost of Rs.4,285,714 during the year under review had not been depreciated in the same year.
26 focal point officers who were selected subsequent to the Gender Sensitization Programme series held in 2014, successfully completed a three-day training workshop on promotion of Gender Equality.
Steps taken by the Industrial Policy and Development Division for the betterment of local industries.
72 km of roads and 05 causeways have been constructed within Gal Oya, Lunugamvehera, Yala, Lahugala and Kumana National Parks.
Elapatha
USD 35.0 Mn
Northern
In parallel to these works, a specific assignment (725) will be obtained from the Central Environmental Authority in May 2014 to carry out environmental impact studies with the relevant investigation results.
Actions had not been taken for the disposal of 21 items recommended for disposal by the Board of Survey for the year 2011 as unusable damaged goods.
06. Institute of Sports Medicine
Table 2.3: Issuance of Budget Circulars
(6) Total of Claims disallowed by the Donor, during 2015 (if any), in respect of Claims 2014 or prior tears (if any)
Following are the important projects launched by the above Department in the year 2014.
The overall performance of the Authority in the year 2011
Development of Wet Zone Botanic Gardens
Head - Ministry of National Co-existence, Dialogue and Official Languages 157
This year too, the print media was used to promote all channels and also to give publicity to various programs being telecast, through the Publicity and Media Unit.
II. Officers who had the opportunity to report back to the service or retire, but failed to submit an appeal during the relevant period as per the provisions of the existing circulars due to reasonable grounds, can be granted an opportunity to submit an appeal only if such matters are submitted by an affidavit.
Value for maps provided free of charge by the Map Sales section
Film City.
Limitations provided by Appropriation Act
Staff Information - DS Office - Puttalam District
Mu. Re. Transfers as per 66 and 69 Budget Estimation Allocations (Rs.)
Value Added Tax
Works Superintendent
(b) When calculating the period of services, first day of January of the year on which the officer reported for duty should be treated as the first day of his service.
Available Data (Geodatabase Shapefiles)
c. SLFRS 12 Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities
No. of applications settled
Payment for insurance premiums to Sri Lanka Insurance Corporation
05. Medical treatments obtained by hospitalizing at a private Ayurveda hospital under the cases mentioned from 01 to 04 above (The Private Ayurveda Hospital must be registered under the Ministry for indigenous medicine.)
P. M. K. Dinesh Asanka
Also, laboratory testing facilities, consultancy services and surveys are carried out by these institutes.
Environmental quality monitoring and advisories,
3 water motors and 10 generators were purchased for the Wildlife Zonal Offices.
FOOT INJURIES
Warrants were issued by HE the President as the Minister of Finance on 04. 12. 2014.
Irrigable area: 810 ha.
(g) Approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors.
1.To raise awareness among the future generation about the history of sports, introducing scientific values of sports and glorifying the Sri Lankan symbol.
In spite of all these difficulties, out of Rs. 56. 290 million received for recurrent expenditure for the year 2012, Rs. 14. 57 million has been directly spent on elder welfare.
08.00 p.m. to 08.30 p.m – Main Sinhala News
MN 6
Kulankulam
c) The Commission shall formulate such principles with the objective of achieving balanced regional development in the country
Repair and maintenance of office furniture and equipment
The scope of audit also had extended to examine as far as possible and as far as necessary the following.
Ruwanthilaka Peduru Arachchi
Implementation of the recommendations of the Officers Committee Report with regard to language competency of public officers
Out of the balances of accounts payable as at 31‍ December of the year under review amounting to Rs.69,272,758, the balances of Rs.1,938,138‍ existed for more than ‍01 year and less than ‍03 years and the balances of Rs.3,066,033 that remained for more than 03 years had not been settled and age analysis pertaining to the balances of Rs.9,968,039 had not been furnished to Audit.
Failure to evaluate the financial and physical capacities of the contractor
Public Management Service
Gazetting the Appropriation Bill for 2015 in the Gazette, dated 19. 09. 2014
Anpu Children's Home - Muththaiyankaddu Mullaitivu - Bharathy Children Home
(v) The relevant matter has been inquired from Divisional Secretariats and it will be rectified in due course.
Dam Construction: 17.9 %
At the commencement of this stage, the counted ballot papers remain in the respective receptacle as bundles of 50 and 500 per party/ group.
Sworn Translators
Sports personnel in district level, Sports Officers, Sports Coaches, Physical Training Teachers in schools, Physical Training Instructors in defense services
The objective of this programme is to promote mutual understanding among all Sri Lankans irrespectively ethnic differences and provide equal opportunities for vulnerable groups as the citizens of this country by fulfilling their requirements of civic documentations.
Taking a CD cassttee R. 3500.00
The drug-addicted persons are provided with accommodation facilities, foods and medical facilities free of charge during their accommodation period.
Rs. 25566,50 paid for medical treatments
Total other operating income
Nonpayment of the monthly toddy tavern
May - For 13 swimmers from Nalanda College, Colombo
Matale Municipal Council
1.3. Correction Programmes for the Receivers of Community Based Correction Orders
Modern electronic inspections and accounts
Commission and respective provincial authorities discuss and agree to such plans.
(c) The receivables of the Corporation as at 30 June 2013 from a film for which nearly 50 per cent trade discount of the specified air time and credit period of one month had been allowed without formal authority amounted to Rs. 743,633 and the delay in the payment of money had been 14 months.
02. Awareness of and understanding the duties
(i) Section 3. 7 of the Chapter XXIV of the Establishment Code – Rs. 150,000/-
Crop Division, Animal Husbandry, Block Stone
There are 2146 existing vacant positions out of the total number of approved positions for the Department of Prisons and new recruitments are being carried out for the same at present.
Colombo 01.
All telephone numbers, names and other communicative names contained in the letter head must be prepared trilingually.
10.2.2. Mr. D. T. I. Wickremaratne, Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Ampara District and Mr. D. C. Aravintharaj, Assistant Commissioner of Mannar District attended the Training on Election Management held in India from 02.03.2015 to 07.03.2015.
Ministry/ Line Ministry
Figure – 05
Koralai Pattu South
The goal of the Protection Development Section of the Transmission Design and Environment Branch is to develop a coordinated and reliable protection system for the Transmission Network from the Power Stations to the Distribution system adhering to the highest international standards.
Ownership as a Percentage (%)
The Audit of financial statements of the Port Access Elevated Highway Project for the year ended 31 December 2017 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
Hold annual air quality symposium "Air that we Breathe"
DGSA 5
Collection of income
Category of countries (In terms of schedule no 01)
After that except in the year 2004, the Corporation has not received any dividends from Lafarge Mahaweli Cement Company.
Scrap Crepe No. 1XBR
My objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, resulting from fraud or error, and to issue an Auditor's Report that includes my opinion.
Liberation Organization of Tamil Eelam
As the assets belonging to each of the earning units were not identified separately, it was not possible to determine if they were damaged on the reporting date.
Surcharges
Moving forward with its success, the activities of the project that were confined only to the North and East in the first phase were extended to the other areas of the country as well.
It was observed that business activities had been commenced in the trade stalls for which key money had not been paid.
Supplies and consumables used
Deputy Urban Commissioner
Water has been pumped to the water holes in the wildlife reserves and water supplied by bowsers during drought period.
Physical Performance 10-03-07-99 License fee (Other)
In order to safeguard the interests of the local industrial sector, the customs duty on machinery for the tea industry, tractors, metal items, cement, equipment and parts for boat manufacture, wheelbarrows, gauze material  was increased and there was an increase too, in Cess on artificial flowers , mosquito coils, wheat and meslin flour, margarine vegetable and animal fats.
In-service Training Institutes
No. of applications  received for review
Address: 383, Bauddhaloka Mawatha, Colombo 07
No. 80/5,
Note - Details on losses under Financial Regulations 106 and waives under Financial Regulations 113 which were accounted under object code no 1701 are to be accounted in coming years should be included.
6.Health Medical Officer’s Office – Ambagamuwa
Sithmina
Ministry of Justice
Annex  48
Promotion of National Languages through Mass Media
The Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs allocated a sum of Rs. 49,770,777.00 under Financial Provisions vote (265-01-1-2104) for the year 2014 for capital works out of which a sun of Rs. 49,585,826.63 has been.
1.3 Objectives
(Increase / Decrease) in Accounts Payable
Coinciding with the Deyata Kirula Language Evaluation Survey, the Official Languages ​​Commission created plaques in the Deyata Kirula Exhibition Grounds and these were the two main objectives of the plaque design.
Assistant Director (Dehiwala)
The Department of National Zoology owns approximately 2939 numbers of animals belonging to 273 species (excluding the 77 elephants belonging to the Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage).
Scientific Officer, National Aquatic  Resources Research & Development Agency, Crow Island, Colombo 15.
Asanka Warnakulasooriya Kattakuttige Sujan Fernando
Single rooms 06
The Department made different kind of contribution in numerous ways for Government Development projects.
COMMERCIAL ACTIVIITIES
The legal officers from the 76 centers of the Legal Aid Commission (LAC), approximately 120 in total, attended this training.
Details of the Payments Made under the Line Ministries & Other Departments
Improvement of Aquatic Resources in Sri Lanka (Small Fish)
85. Preparation and implementation of Green Procurement Guidelines
Video Monitors Fault repairs
Efficiency Bar Examination of the Officers in Class III of Public Management Assistants' Service
No. of children
191 digital data field sheets in the scale of 1:10,000 have been updated.
Dr. Sanjeeva Weerawarana, Member Board of Governors
Performance and Financial Report 2014
Tree Maintainer
The Municipal Council had embraced 53 by-laws imposed by the Extra-ordinary Gazette No.541/17 of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka dated 20 January 1989 in respect of by-laws to execute 32 main functions under Section 272 of the Municipal Council Ordinance and 01 by-law imposed by the Extra-ordinary Gazette of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka No.1933/40 dated 25 September 2015 and the Council had adopted 07 by-laws.
Steps to be followed:
The Team representing Badulla District won the 1st Place at the competition consisting of 23 programmes.
3.3 Transactions of Contentious Nature
3. Salary with the increment as at ……… 2018 (Subjecting to the earning of the salary increment)
Increase in price levels of goods and services
Sri Lanka Government Librarians’ Service (III/II/I)
Medical Officer
Under this Project, meters of all three-phase 60A installations were replaced with PPM meters (with kVA recording facility) together with tamper-proof meter enclosures having padlock type tamper-proof seals.
2013 - 22 Sri Lanka Railways Project
The Annual energy reduction at Samanala Power Station due to the raised tailwater level resulting from the emergence of the Broadlands reservoir is estimated at 11 GWh.
Regional Office in Kandy controls Viharas and Devalas in the districts of Kandy, Matale, Nuwara Eliya and Kegalle as well as Raja Maha Viharas at Mahiyangana and Muthiyangane and Saman Devala at Mahiyangana in Badulla district.
4.6 Uneconomic Transactions
New bridge construction project over the Kelani river
Contents
ii. Computer Word Processing
Copy the security code.
The Department of External Resources mobilises and manages external financing needed for the acceleration of the country's economic growth while maintaining long term debt sustainability of the country.
In addition to Concrete blocks; beams, pavement slabs, and fence posts are supplied to the Building Department, Road Development Authority, University of Jaffna, and the General Public.
Garden Assistant Office, Colombo
AGM (Energy Purchase)
2. 2. 3 Rates and Taxes
Training and Capacity Development Program
In 2013, 1,782 adults were provided with lenses according to medical recommendations and 68 were given hearing aids.
Firearms Application
In the same manner results at the polling division level and the district level was prepared by the District Returning Officers and sent to the Commissioner of Elections.
Housing Revenue
Wasala Mudiyanselage Wala Gedara Janaka Bandara
Year of commencement
Other Licenses
Out of the 7 Major sections at ITI, 3 are accredited by SWEDAC (Swedish Board for Accreditation & Conformity Assessment) and SLAB (Sri Lanka Accreditation Board) while one major section is accredited by the Sri Lanka agency, SLAB.
Under Expenditure Head 261-1-1-0-2103, the net allocation received for the acquisition of machinery and equipment was Rs. 1,750,000.00.
S&P SL 20 Index
Sooriya Kanda in the western part of Kolonna area has a cool climate.
Add: Other Comprehensive Income
Value
The importance of the prevention of misuse of state resources and using of media to hold a free and fair election was emphasized by issuing media guidelines and calling for meetings with heads of media.
3. Encouraging artists
It became effective on 7th December 1995.
Nikaweratiya Green Valley Plantations (Pvt) Ltd.
Work relating to temple property and money available in bank accounts
Hire of sound equipment
Abeyratne Victor Kapil Wickramanath
Senior Scientific Officer, National Center for Non-Destruction, Atomic Energy Authority
Accordingly, the sources of water feeding all the main rivers in Sri Lanka and catchment areas of 40 major reservoirs providing water for agriculture and hydro-power generation are protected within this wildlife reservation network.
The Malaysian Lecturers, Professor (Mrs) R. Seethalaxmy and Dr. Thilakavathy Kanakaratnam both from the University of Malaya and Indian scholars Professor Palamuthu Veerappan, Annamalai  University, Retd. Professor Mr.Venkadraman, University of Kaamarajar, Dr. V. Vethachchalam, Archaeologist, Department of Archaeology, India, Dr. A. Sathees and Dr. S. Thasarathan from World Tamil Research Organization, Tamil Nadu, participated while Professor K. Sivakumar of WSorld Tamil Research Conference also participated.
1.7 Physical Fitness Instructor Training Course.
Puttlam District Committee Meeting on 25.07/2011
1,694,045 local visitors and 348,842 foreigners have visited the Dehiwala Zoo and Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage during 2014.
Further, income generating sources, which are being conducted in relation to the Bentota, Ambalangoda, Hikkaduwa, Galle, Unawatuna beach zone have been improved due to the tourism industry.
Ensuring proper maintenance and smooth operation of common amenities and common elements.
Best Educational programme
The Government has accorded high priority of connectivity improvement within the country with a view to provide full benefits to the remote villages as well as from mainstream development activities in the country.
Chairman - Mr. Dudly Karunarathne
This has the unique feature of filtering fluoride and heavy metals such as Arsenic and Cadmium.
Pending cases as at 31.12.2014
Government Grants
Others (Rs.)
Transferring Revaluation Surplus of Assets derecognized for Year ended 31 March 2012
Godahena Kattadige Nilantha Roshan
Administration of Anaipanthi Gurukula Building, Jaffna
Pasyala
Training Course on Radioactive Waste Management Stakeholder Considerations as Inputs into the Strategic Planning for Radioactive Waste Management
Rajathasara Programme
Weuda
Last Updated on Monday, 20 October 2014, 08:57
M. M. Abul Kalam, Attorney at law
(d) The water bills revenue for the year under review amounting to Rupees 82,695,481 had been shown as Rupees 79,215,994 in the financial statements.
Industrial Development Board - Kegalle
(b) Treasury Circular No.IAI/2002/02 dated 28 November 2002.
As a result of re-measuring the obligation, the adjustments have been made retrospectively in the reporting periods 2010 and 2011.
4. Resettlement
This division facilitates researchers to listen to the rare folk music records available in the department, provides copies and transcripts of micro films and maintains audio-visual equipment.
A wide range of industries obtained our services.
This program was organized to promote unity and reconciliation between Hindus and Buddhists.
Loans obtained from Credit Suisse Bank will be paid in full by 31st May 2021.
As such, the said committee proposed that it is more meaningful to draft a new act for the Sri Lanka Police than to making amendments to the Police Ordinance.
Other financial assets
Road Survey
The financial statements for the year under review had been presented for the audit on 23 August 2018 and the financial statements for the previous year on 09 May 2017.
An action plan related to the Energy and Productivity Development Program has been prepared under 04 major stages and the participating textile factories will be evaluated and they will be involved in the Energy Conservation and Productivity Development Program.
For the year ended 31 December
The Capital Expenditure should be estimated with due considerations for the followings.
The Engineering Audit Unit in the branch is responsible for maintaining standards, monitoring, and maintaining the quality of the transmission system through site measurements.
Operative Structure
This enables them to promote mutual respect, understanding for others religions and cultures.
Name of the Person/Institution
Chief Financial Officer Chief Accountant / Director (Finance) - Signature: -
Preparing the steps for the hostel - Ketawala
Judgements were held at the provincial level.
Magazine music program
Mr. A. G. Nuwan Sampath
AFM (Distribution Division 2)
Other Payables
The details of which are presented with the budget.
11. Comments on the Financial Statements 24 - 37
Promote wildlife/ environmental laws wherever necessary
(H) Kolonna
Number of Trust Estate
Auditing
Table 1.1.2: Quantities of the breeder and certified/ commercial seeds produced during 2013
07. These provisions shall be effective from 31.01.2017.
Through Purchases
Confirmation of results is in progress.
Senior Lecturer, Department of Chemistry, University Of Kelaniya
An adequate internal audit had not been conducted for the year under review.
Development of Gampaha Botanic Garden and Ganewatta Herbal Garden
In addition to that, a sum of Rs. 38.4 million had been paid by the Company as overdraft interest during the year under review.
RAS/9/066
5. Strengthening the Management Audit Process of the Development Projects
Also, he has followed a one-year certificate course in farm animal husbandry and diagnosis from Yamaguchi University, Japan in 2002, a one-month short course in farm animal diseases from Kassat University, Thailand, and a two-month Farm Management course in Hokkaido JICA, Japan.
Mileage shall be paid as per Chapter XIV of the Establishments Code instead of providing additional fuel for special duties which are carried out outside the service station in relation to the posts held in addition to the substantive post.
31st December 2017
01. Revenue
Table 2: Provincial Revenue Collected by Devvolved Source - 2014
Local and overseas training was provided to staff, depending on their skills development requirements.
4.1. Uplifting the Productivity in Production by improving the standards of Agricultural, Animal Husbandry, and Industrial Sectors
Ensuring food and nutrition security of the nation by providing relevant services to farmers and all stakeholders
The ministry has planned to recruit 205 posts of National Integration Co-coordinators according to the relevant scheme of recruitment and to appoint during the month of November and also provide initial training and language training.
I certify the above information.
To provide relief to the dependents of self-employed persons, upon death;
Duty officers/engineering fees
04. CRIMINAL PROCEDURE CODE (Special Provisions) BILL
Identification/analysis of problems in environment and natural resources sector with the aid of stakeholder consultation to enable policy formulation
The following activities have been accomplished by this division.
Overall Trades
Reference to Laws, Rules, Regulations, etc.
Action should be taken to reconcile the differences of relevant balances and to rectify them.
University Provision Fund
Similarly, the excess of revenue over recurrent expenditure of the preceding year amounting to Rs. 12,571,888.
The main objective of the formation of these 4 divisions is to improve the efficiency and quality of electricity supplied to the customers based on a benchmark competition.
Divisional Secretariat - Hambantota
16. National Languages and Social Integration Unit
6. DEPARTMENTS AND INSTITUTIONS UNDER THE MINISTRY OF JUSTICE
Grade II Jailor (Male)
Dalada Veediya, Kandy
(D) Hiriyala
Mr H.R.L.P.P. Gunaratne
Obtaining the environmental approval for the proposed 26.5 MW Moragolla hydropower Project
Bulbs dipped in 10% KNO3 level gave significant seed yield increment.
13. Training & Research
End
Anuradhapura District
Under this, Medical Equipment and Welfare Apparatus are granted.
02 Awareness Program conducted for the employees of Women’s  Development Services Co-operative Society 03.12.2014 75
Director (Research & Technology Transfer)
The National Enterprise Development Authority is implementing development programs for the development of these clusters.
A training programme was held for teachers from Language Associations, based in  the Provincial Center in Kilinochchi from 13th to 17th December 2014
Thirumurikandy
The total amount of deposit on behalf of acquisition of a land and the interest thereon amounting to Rs.5,888,563 had been shown as revenue for the year and brought to account without identifying the interest separately.
Non Residential Buildings
Steps have been taken to systematically reimburse the stamp imprest by balancing the stamp register daily and bringing the balances forward.
35. Divisional Secretariat - Imaduwa
Minor Export Crop Promotion
Implemented the "Suwahas Mal" program aimed at empowering lower and medium scale floriculture nurseries/growers and uplifting their economic status.
Three motor vehicles amounting to Rs. 6,279,450 belonging to the Sabha had remained idle for a period ranging from 04 months to 06 years without being utilized for any purpose.
Statement of Liabilities and Commitments
Digital data of 1:10,000 and 1:50,000, GIS prepared for satellite and aerial photographs, files of Meta data prepared by remote sensing and air survey branches have been entered to the SDI established in the departmental website.
1.1. Compatibility Statement in terms of Financial Regulations 503(1) (Annexure 1.1)
Sabragamuwa Provincial Council Members, Kegalle District Secretary, Additional Secretary of this Ministry, Director and Officers of this Department and public participated at the event.
The Audit & Management Committee meets on a quarterly basis.
The coral reef which is also one of the factors that made Sri Lanka  famous, is situated in coastal line of the District.
Livestock Statistics
ACA - 5 (B)
Hence, for the first time, Institute of Agro technology and Rural Sciences which was affiliated to the University of Colombo  at Weligatta offered a Certificate/Diploma programme for farmers who were presently engaged in agriculture.
When the grant or subsidy relates to an expense item, it is recognized as income over the period necessary to match them to the costs to which it is intended to compensate on a systematic basis.
125,Mahawatta,
At present 04 main sources of income have been identified.
Please credit the cash book balance to imprest A/c No 7002/0/0/.......
Disposal of Unserviceable items
Purchasing of Musical Instrument
Further, this Section is also entrusted with managing protection development work under new transmission projects.
22-26 Feb.
The final event was held under the theme ‘Sirilaka Piri Avurudu Siri Rupavahini Avurudu Udanaya 2012’ in Monaragala and captured the highest viewership in comparison with the events organized by the other channels during the April season.
Provision Transferred to the Deposit Account in terms of Financial Regulations 215 (3) (b) & (c)
3.5.3 Idle/ Under-utilized Assets
It provides water for 30,000 acres of paddy cultivation.
Functional Industries
The confirmation of the veracity of the passports, as and when necessary, is dealt with by this Unit prior to informing them to issue visas.
2.5.2 Court Empowerments
An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of Accounting Policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
Revaluations Grants Rupees
Director (Production Services)
It has a significant place in economic, social, cultural and historical aspects.
Actions had not been taken to recover the balances amounting to Rs. 34,995,252 recoverable as at 31 December 2017.
India and Pakistan should complete the TLP for LDC members by 31.12.2008 and for Non-LDC members by 31.12.2013.
Senior Level
(a) Underutilization of Aircraft No. 4R-ALS type A 330-200
Sales centers
Nuclear Medicine Imaging
The number of visitors to the Dry Zone Botanic Gardens in 2014 exceeded 58,000.
Financial Progress of Official Languages Commission
The main functions of the Administration Division are the Institutional administration and the management of human and physical resources of the Ministry.
Name of the Divisional Secretariat
Better roads will facilitate faster and convenient travel by women, especially pregnant mothers, children and the elderly to access quality health services A number of schools are without local schools hence children attending schools in nearby villages or in the closest town center rely mostly on public bus for transport.
Early Childhood Development Program
Meetings held in 2013.
In terms of the Section referred, advances of 20% of the agreed amount only should be paid in the procurement of services, however, 45% of advances had been paid to a private institution.
In terms of the Gazette (Extraordinary) dated 21.09.2015 published by the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka the tasks and activities to be performed by the Ministry are as follows:
Officers participated as resource persons.
Three newspaper articles were published on weedy rice management, conservation of mango germplasm, and eco-friendly pesticides.
Hearing aid
Total 39
The contract included providing of the services such as surveying, investigation, preliminary design, social and environmental impact assessment and resettlement activities.
Mrs. G. W. S. B. Samaradasa
Course
Also, more than 65% of the funds, agreed to be provided by development partners in 2014 (excluding money from international bond issues) have been invested in the development of roads and bridges in Sri Lanka, and agreed to provide a considerable amount of funding for the areas of water supply, sanitation, disaster management, and vocational training.
The Department deals with civil and criminal cases through three main Divisions named Civil Division, Criminal Division, and State Attorney Division.
CEB Hydro generation during the year was 6010 GWh (50.3% of the total generation).
05-5 Housing Project
State Land Training, Land Activities Training for Grama Niladhari (Divisional Secretariat - Nagoda, Habaraduwa)
Development Performance of the Year 2012
Mrs. M. P. Liyanage
221 bags out of that had been misplaced.
April 2012
Administration
In terms of the Budget Circular No. 114 of 31.12.2003, figures of the above Table comprised only the transactions occurred under the Advance Account item No. 240-under 011, within the department.
Mr. Sampath Amarasekara
Kebithigollewa
A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the leased asset to the Group.
LTL Transformers (Pvt.) Ltd
In the year 2012, this unit has produced a considerable amount of programmes.
10. Kolonna
(e) The rent amounting to Rs. 10,000,000 payable by the Board to the Airport and Aviation Services Sri Lanka Ltd. for the years 2008 to 2012 in connection with the Airport Supiri Wasana Sampath Lottery had not been settled even by the end of the year under review.
16th October
Switzerland
Miscellaneous Surveys
Staff has also been appointed to assist in the work related to that post.
(g) Accuracy of the seven fundamental adjustments/prior year adjustments including write offs and write back balances, adjustments to property plant & equipment, Intangible Assets, accumulated depreciation for property plant & equipment, accumulated depreciation for intangible assets, deferred liability for grant assets, non-financial assets  aggregating to Rs. 2,468,479,575 shown in the financial statements and adjustments made to the general ledger of the Company could not be ascertained in the audit due to unavailability of details such as adjusted balances, reasons for adjustments and approvals for the adjustments.
Upto now 3,916 vehicles have been purchased, including the vehicles used for CHOGM, on leasing installments to be paid over 05 years period in equal monthly installments.
Advance for Room Charges
Total 107.570,000.00 74,213,821.133
Providing technical support to the National Language Unit regarding planning, leadership, and institutional empowering relevant to the implementation of the National Language Policy
(iv) Other Revenue
District Secretariat - Galle is the center for coordinating the Divisional Administrative activities of the nineteen (19) Divisional Secretariats located in the Galle District.
Sri Lanka Socialist Party
- Be aware that flash flooding can occur.
Technical Officer
Dissemination island wide from 2015.
Financial Analysis
The request of transfer of the above mentioned officer is recommended with/without a replacement/subjected to provide a replacement at later occasions.
Vehicles Plant Machinery and Equipment
Was a useless expense.
The total financial allocation for capital expenditure for the year 2015 is Rs. 10,548.35 million and Rs. 10, 377.95 Million was spent up to the end of December.
Apart from that development & implementation of software for the live sport events were carried out.
17 Browns Industries & Public Services Thrift & Credit Co-operative Society. 01
Product Development
Dr. Priyantha Weerasinghe
Internal Auditor (Lower / Higher Grades)
Pandattarappu Retreat House, Jaffna
Total Expenditure as at 31.12.2013 Rs.
International Network for Water and Ecosystem in Paddy Fields (INWEPF) are represented by 17 paddy cultivating countries namely, Bangladesh, Cambodia, China, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Japan, Korea, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Philippines, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam.
Reports were prepared and submitted to the VET Project Office of the Department of Motor Traffic.
From DEYATA KIRULA EXIBITION stall 2014
Vehicle permit charges
(v) construction of 132/33 kV Grid Substation at Kesbewa
Details of the Cess charged on imports and exports of rubber are given below.
As At 31 March 2012
The revenue collected for the year under review included a sum of Rs. 29 million raised relating to the preceding years.
ii. Agriculture
After serving in many districts as, the Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Kalutara District from 01.01.1995 to 14.02.1996, Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Galle District from 15.02.1996 to 31.01.2000 and once again at the Colombo District Elections Office from 01.02.2000 to 31.10.2006, was appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of Elections (Admin) at the Elections Secretariat on 01.11.2006
The originals of Advance Accounts should be forwarded to the Auditor General and the copies of them should be submitted to the Department of State Accounts and Department of National Budget.
Foreign Aid Loans - 12
The household emissions account for 20 percent of the total emissions.
AGM (Distribution Division 4)
Professor K. Kapila C. K. Perera
An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the management as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
Police Sergeant Driver
6:1:1  Popular service stations/areas shall mean the service stations/areas for which there is a higher demand from officers for transfers.
Laborer (Permanent)
12.10 With the Increase of the preparation of electoral registers as compact discs while limiting the preparation of electoral registers as books, it was able to earn a revenue of, Rs. 7.94 million in 2015 by preparing and selling electoral registers on compact discs.
Project Name/ RDA Division: 21/3 Thiruwanaketiya-Agalawatteroad B 421
Leather based new Design Training Program
The following institutions belong to the Agricultural Marketing Division.
Rehabilitation and improvement of capital assets
This program was conducted to update the sports knowledge of the Physical Training Instructors of the Sri Lanka Navy and 34 officers participated in it.
At present, this facility is provided only for the Colombo city customers as a pilot scheme.
Estimated Revenue for the Year 2021 (Rs. Million)
Downloads
Financial statements are prepared on historical costs, and the historical costs of some assets are upgraded to the revaluated value.
Mrs. A. Sumanawathi
Netherlands  01
The amount of reversal is recognized in the statement of comprehensive income.
Aviation
Last Updated on Tuesday, 15 November 2016 08:03
People's Movement for Bilingual Activity Programme
Solving employment disputes and investigating appeals of co-operative employees, and taking legal action against Co-operative Societies that do not carry out orders of the Commission.
It is the responsibility of the Board of Directors to ensure that an adequate and effective internal control system is in place within the Company.
Maintenance of the Payroll System with upgrades as and when required
Welder
A settlement arrived at between the parties is not an agreement imposed by the Boards but one arrived at voluntarily by the parties, before the Debt Conciliation Board.
The Appropriation Account for the year 2014 has been submitted to the Auditor General on 31st March 2015.
Monaragala District
The audit of financial statements of the Port Access Elevated Highway Project for the year ended 31 December 2018 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with the Loan Agreement No.3716- SRI dated 17 January 2019 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the Asian Development Bank.
Those standards require that I comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements.
Badminton Court
The arrears of rates as at 31 December 2017 amounted to Rs.24,727,685.
Southern Province
Kahatagaha Graphite Lanka Ltd
Phase III - Kadawatha to Kerawalapitiya
The basic qualifications to register as voters are given in Section 4 of the Ceylon (Parliamentary Elections) Order in Council, 1946.
Annexure - 1A
Examine and report on petitions and allegations received by the Waqf Board.
North Central Provincial team who received prizes at the S5 Awards Ceremony
Kamal Ajith Kumara Beligolla
(b) Maximum for one year
The Project commenced its activities on 27 November 2007 and scheduled to be completed by January 2012.
Accordingly, when a complaint is received from the neglected parents of the children, the Board summons both parties in accordance with the Protection of the Rights of the Elders Act and conducts an inquiry and establishes a sufficient amount of maintenance for the parents from the children.
Project: 01
4.2. The Eighth Session on Joint Committee for Economic & Technical Cooperation between Iraq and Sri Lanka
As per Sub-section 16(1) of the National Audit Act No. 19 of 2018, the Northern Provincial Council is required to maintain proper books and records of all its income, expenditure, assets and liabilities to enable annual and periodic Financial Statements to be prepared.
The legal officers from the 76 Centres of the Legal Aid Commission (LAC), approximately 120 in total, attended this training.
Mrs. S. Prasangika Silva
12.7 Amounts transferred to the General Treasury
C 1227
Contract Labour
The procurement activities envisaged for a period of at least 3 years had not been listed and a Master Procurement Plan had not been prepared by the Sabha in accordance with the provisions of Guideline 4.2.1 of the Government Procurement Guidelines 2006.
Rs. 100 million has been obtained from the Treasury through the Development Fund under the Drought Development Program.
6.10 TRAINING INSTITUTE FOR NON JUDICIAL OFFICERS
Saviya Development Foundation
However, action had not been taken up to the date of this report to obtain the final report including the above criteria and publish it.
(i) Understating the fixed assets in accounts
2. Providing dry rations for disaster affected families
Financial Progress from 01/01/2014 to 31/12/2014 (228-01-02)
Insurance – building & other assets
Staff Grade
Commitment Balance
2. Programmable Logic Controller Course-2013 (2)
81 kg light heavyweight class
Plan for 2014
Mr. P. P. Gunasena was a Working Director of Ceylon Electricity Board up to 31.01.2013.
During the first three quarters of the year, the total number of passports issued by the Foreign Diplomatic Division was 30,191.
Ordinary Level Programs
Traditional sports and art programs were also held here.
Mohamed Nizar Mohamed Nazmi
Diploma in Shipping (OSLO)
Under the aforementioned Japanese Grant Projects, USD 36.4 million for power and energy, USD 33.2 million for water supply, USD 7.6 million for Health and USD 12.6 million for other sectors such as poverty alleviation and rehabilitation were disbursed in 2014.
Insurance compensation
This Development Policy Framework is being implemented from July 2013 to June 2016.
6.3.2. New members of the Performance Law Commission have been appointed from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015.
Department of Manpower and Employment
2. The total expenditure incurred during the year 2019 relating to (1) above
Amount (USD 1 million)
Grain Tax Registers (1880 - 1892)
Mr. Gamini Rathnayaka
(ii) Failure to take steps to take over the assets.
Ministry of Traditional Industries and Small Enterprise Development
Preparation of the annual performance report
Public Management Assistants  23
Majority of them were returned due to shortcomings in them
Approved Language Classes in 2014
Sri Jayawardhanapura Kotte
3.1 Methodology of Developing the Statistical Formula
Imprest account as at 31st December 2019
Six (06) foxtail millet accessions were evaluated under an advanced yield trial.
Strengthen the infrastructure capacity of the Kilinochchi Provincial Center of the Ministry with the aim of providing an efficient service to the general public
Hindu Nagarigam - 500 Copies
6.5.5 Number of Trusts / Estates
Under this sponsorship, excise duty relief was also granted in 2014 for two models of washing machines and two models of refrigerators manufactured locally with a Local Value Addition electrical equipment manufacturer.
Ms. K. T. C. K. Alwis
Part 1
Pupil Nurse – Dental
1.1.4 Foreign Currency Transactions
2. Provision of material resources on a priority basis required for war heroes and their families to reach a higher living standard socially.
Harispattuwa
Secretary to the Ministry
Training Workshop on Nutrition Research Methodology
4. Local Authorities Elections Ordinance (Chapter 262)
Extent of newly planted Rubber lands 1990-2013 (Hectares)
46. ​​World Environment Day Program
Disable War Heroes Project NSB
Information relating to overseas assets belonging to the Government of Sri Lanka also should be submitted.
Gathering internal information
Table 2.2: Supplementary Provisions for Capital Expenditure
Details of Revenue
Responding to Five Questions asked by the Parliament on the Debt Issue on behalf of the Government
Elections for the year 2015
The contribution of the service economy to the Sri Lankan economy has grown significantly during the last decade.
5. Explanation for variations of Total Net Provisions and Total Expenditure
Conducted pre-budget meetings for selected Ministries and other stakeholders with the Chairmanship of HE the President
Land History sheet Application
Road Section:
Development of eco - tourism industry in wildlife reservations associated with the project area
(L) Payment of Elder Allowance
Miss Sagarika Sumanasekera is a First Grade Officer in the Sri Lanka Animal Production and Health Service.
Communicated with donor agencies with the consent of the respective donor desk of ERD to get clarifications for the foreign debt related issues
Monthly Allowance Program for Senior Citizens
W. K. L. Nimali
Anaisuddakaddu Tank
Asiri Hospital "Kirula Road" Narahenpita
Stocks of operational division
The accounting policies and notes on pages 7 through 34 form an integral part of these Financial Statements.
Repositioning SME centers of the BOC and PB to cater the needs of the SME sector
Business Turnover Tax
3. Courts Administration
(b) Defined Contribution Plan
2nd Quarter     2,456,606.45 3,265,882 76
In the Company’s separate financial statements, the investments in Associates are carried at cost, less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
4.1.3.3 Test and measurements services and hardware recovery - Communication Division
Visually Handicapped Trust Fund
These media guidelines are issued to create a conducive environment for a free and fair election. It is, therefore, the responsibility of all political parties, independent groups, and political activists, election observer organizations, civil society organizations and every citizen of this country to support media institutions to implement them and to prevent obstructions in the implementation of same.
Loan Amount Rs.
9.6.3 After his appointment as the Commissioner of Elections, Mr. Mahinda Deshapriya conducted Local Authority and Provincial Council Elections and the famous Presidential Election and General Election in 2015.
(c) Due to the application of SLFRSs, Motor Car transferred from Lanka Tankers Ltd recognized as PPE as economic benefits are being accrued to the Company and corresponding adjustment accounted to retained earnings as no documentary evidences made available at the time of transfer.
The department conducted a review on the 2014 budget.
Camera
6:5 Non-Residence Practice Workshops on Drama and Theatre
The Advanced Economic Division of the Department of External Resources mobilizes official development assistance from countries in the Western Hemisphere to achieve the identified development objectives of Sri Lanka.
E-Human Resource Number (For office use only)
Last Updated on Wednesday, 11 August 2010, 06:06
The Project has also concluded its preliminary and subsequent discussions with the Legal Aid Commission on support towards legal aid in prisons as well as on the development of a National Policy on legal aid.
By means of openness in dealing with environmental issues, we intend to create confidence in our activities on the part of the public, customers, authorities, employees, and owners.
Outer Circular Highway Project (29.1 Km)
Out of 19 officers for foreign trainings, 17 were short term ones.
(D). With the receipt of the statements of the number of votes received by each party/ group from counting halls, the Returning Officer finalizes the statement of votes obtained by each party/ group for the entire district. Based on this statement the number of members of Parliament of that district is allocated to the contesting parties and groups.
Capital Expenditure - Sub Addition (A + B + C + D)
Therefore, we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A progress report including the expenditure of Rs. 1,103,014/- as at 31 December of the said year, is attached herewith.
The Malaysian scholars Professor R.Seethalaxmy, University of Malaya and Dr.Thilakavathy Kanakaratnam, University of Malaya participated.
Gee Sara
Documentary Evidences are not made available for Audit
Employee Loans to be Given Back
Net Profit Ratio
5. Legal Division
Opening of Procurement Bids
Construction of the meditation centre
The Status Report as at 31/12/2014 on New Bank Accounts opened in terms of Para (01) of theTreasury Operation Circular No. 5/2007 of 5/9/2007
It was observed in the site inspection on 28 January 2018 that an area of 102.6 meters on that road had caved in.
However, in comparison to that, the progress in resolutions which stood as 24% in 2012 has been able to see an increase up to 42% in the year 2014.
10.2.2. Mr. D.T.I. Wickremaratne, Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Ampara District and Mr. D.C. Aravintharaj, Assistant Commissioner of Mannar District attended the Training on Election Management held in India from 02.03.2015 to 07.03.2015.
Formulation of annual budget estimates for Ministries, Departments and Statutory Agencies of the Government in consultation with the Spending Agencies and the relevant Treasury Departments to achieve the fiscal targets stipulated in the Fiscal Management (Responsibility) Act
5.3 According to the Nomination Notice, the District Secretary of each administrative district received the nominations for each electoral district as the District Returning Officer and the District Secretary of Jaffna and District Secretary of Vavuniya received the nominations for Jaffna electoral district, which consists of two administrative districts (Jaffna and Kilinochchi) and for Vanni electoral district, which consists of three administrative districts (Vavuniya, Mannar and Mullaitive) respectively.
In addition
Lower Uva Project
9.2	Department of Community Based Corrections
3.9) To exchange the experiences and to evaluate progress of the programs implemented, 09 field days were organized with the participation of all stakeholders in Inginimitiya, Allai, Badulu Oya Bathmedilla, Dambarawa, Bathalagoda, Ridibendi Ella, Hakwatuna Oya, Mee Oya schemes.
Implementation of Disaster Mitigation Programmes to reduce Risk and Vulnerability in disaster prone areas
Transfers given against the Annual Transfer Policy
35, D. R. Wijewardena Mawatha, Colombo 10, Sri Lanka
Accordingly, a Trade Negotiation Committee was set-up under the leadership of Deputy Secretary to the Treasury.
Sepak takraw
Noise barriers constructed on the recommendations of ITI are now in operation.
Revenue from the entrance tickets
GPS and satellite mechanics
1. Project Features
Grant approval for the purchase of new vehicles required by these Enterprises.
Chief Secretary
03. Observation of proposed amendments to the Condominium Ownership Act
The Municipal Commissioner of the Colombo Municipal Council
Purchase of internal telephone system at District Survey Office, Ratnapura
World Bank Funded Road Sector Assistance Project/ WBRSAP
However, government requires to build a comprehensive user friendly system for facilitating the policy making process
Agriculture Section
In addition to this, steps were taken to revalidate 12,536 temporary identity cards issued by the Department of Elections at previous elections
Administrative Officer
12. Value Added Tax (Amendment) Act 11/ 2015
Budget 2: District awareness
Training had been given to the subject teachers and officers regarding the syllabus in Zonaland Provincial level and all officers should be work in group in order to implement the Educational Sector Development Project successfully and achieve its goals and organizational goals.
Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.
Changes in operating assets
II. Other Investments / Available-for-Sale Financial Assets
Length (km): 49.1
02. The Cabinet of Ministers has decided at its meeting held on 30.03.2016 to revise Sub Section 11:8:8 as follows and to remove Sub Section 11:8:10 of aforesaid Section.
Focusing attention on this notion, institutional heads representing various sectors have been educated by the Language Division with regard to the implementation of the official language policy.
More than 10 years
Mr. C. N. Dahanayake
Introducing an official logo for the Department of Co-operative Development, for the first time in its history of 83 years, under the concept of “One for all and all for one”,  done concurrently with the co-operative day celebrations.
Promoting Hindu Religious education and encouraging to preserve moral values in Aranery Schools
Coordination of Design Consultancy Services Activities of the Marketing and Information Division
Even though the punch card machines had been introduced by Sri Lanka Customs, none of the officers of Sri Lanka Customs had used the punch card machine during the year under review and no action whatsoever had been taken in that connection.
Project Development Objective
7. Nivitigala
Accordingly, the Memorandum of Understanding related to this was signed in June 2014.
Submit observations and comments on Cabinet Memoranda on time with relevant analysis of government policy and expenditure.
As at that date, 1,715 beneficiaries had been granted sub loans amounting to Rs. 320.13 million.
84 Deposits reserved in general deposit account without taking any action for a period more than two years by the Mannar Zonal Education Office, Provincial Department of Building and Ministry of Agriculture and Agrarian Services, Animal Husbandry Irrigation, Fisheries, Water Supply and Environment.
Original Estimate
The construction works had been divided in to 04 sections and the prospective contractors for the civil construction works had been nominated by the Government of the Republic of China.
: 36 months
Dissolution of registered Co-operative Societies
According to the 2015 Action Plan, the company had achieved a growth of 6.9% in the 2nd quarter, 32% in the 3rd quarter and 99% in the 4th quarter.
Budhu Sarana
Conducting the Wariyapola Sri Sumangala Thero memorial Essay competition
This program is implemented to prepare a dictionary gathering Tamil words used by Sri Lanka.
Polling Division
08. Anuradhapura
Among those staff, Assistant Registrar and Assistant Bursar were appointed by the University Grants Commission in the middle of the year 2012 as permanent cadre and other staff members.
Seed Certification Service – Gannoruwa
Dealing with the Kirulapone Branch of the National Savings Bank where accounts of all parents of Mapiya Surekum programme have been opened
It is reported that no information available regarding the quality and quantity of groundwater in Kirindi Oya river basin of Southern Sri Lanka and this study is conducting to assess the groundwater in the basin qualitatively and quantitatively.
01. Mr. W.J.L.U. Wijayaweera
(a) Even though the preparation of financial statements is a normal duty of the Financial Controller, an additional charges amounting to Rs.150,000 had been paid to the former Financial Controller for preparing financial statements for the year under review.
01. Stock Deposits
(5) Total of Reimbursement Claims made during the year 2015, in respect of the year 2015
Total Amount Paid (Rs. Million)
Plantation
Mr. A. B. Perera
DGSA Program Summary of Expenditure Financing
(b) The Colombo Airport Supiri Wasana Lottery priced at US Dollar 50 run by the Board had incurred a loss of Rs. 3,896,211 in the year under review.
(ii) Two phalanges
Proposed 132 kV Transmission Line Project from Thulhiriya to Veyangoda
Maintenance of the fruit germplasm
1. To establish an effective communication through mobilizing individual Ranaviru families scattered all over the island in a manner bringing honor and dignity to the Ranaviru name
8.2 Also, if there are any non-financial assets that need to be reported further, they should be properly identified and accounted for at the estimated value of the cost, or in case of non-identification of costs, and all non-financial assets owned by their institutions should be accounted for and completed by the year 2020.
Reconstruction of widening of 9 bridges
Providing financial sponsorship for social integration programs implemented by external agencies
Telescope Project
Source–Accounts Division of the Ministry
Position at the end of the year
On behalf of the 2500th Sambuddha Jayanthi
Sanda Ranga Madala
CO 43
Project Name/ RDA Division: 33/2 Thiruwanaketiya - Agalawatteroad B 421
From August 2013 to the date of the audit
Charges
Previous Station and Designation
The Department of Manpower and Employment was operated under the Ministry of Provincial Development.
Religious
Reconstruction of parapet wall is being completed.
May - 30
Comments on Financial Statements
Copies-
Total (e)
Distribution of compensation for immovable property acquired by the Government under the Vihara Devalagam Act on the recommendation of the Commissioner General of Buddhist Affairs
It is noteworthy that some of the very popular advertisements have been filmed at the vicinity of the Sugathadasa National Sports Complex Authority.
The Government has identified the timely need of an efficient transport system for economic and commercial development, regional integration and employment generation by considering efficient transport facilities through improving a National Road Network.
Increase in receipts
Machinery and equipment maintenance
Performance Report - Department of Co-operative Development - Sri Lanka 2014
The total value of cheques not yet presented to bank as at 31.12.2015 (if exceeds 6 months)
It has been conducted on 19th and 20th of April in Badulla for the Hindu Aranery Schools youth in Badulla and Nuwara Eliya Districts, 5th and 6th of September in Kilinochchi Hindu College for Aranery Schools youths in Kilinochchi, October at Mankulam Sivasatkunanathar Achrama for Aranery Schools youth in Mullaitivu, Vavuniya and Mannar and 22nd and 23rd December in Ramakrishna Mission Hall, Colombo for Aranery Schools youths in Kegalle.
Three wheelers
3.1 Transmission Lines and substation
This responsibility includes designing, implementing, and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of Financial Statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; selecting and applying appropriate accounting policies; and making accounting estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.
09 Mrs. W.K.H. Wellala
IDA
Directives were given to clear all outstanding EPF, ETF and gratuity payment dues to SLTB employees.
Other Recurrent Expenditure without Local Government Transfers
Small and Medium Enterprise Development Project
Summary of Utilization of Budgetary Provision
ii. Land project
The price of rubber has been declining since year 2011 due to the slow growth in the global Gross National Product (GNP) and the prices of rubber in 2012 and 2013 are given below.
Number of destroyed livestock
06. Mr. Chandana Wijesundera Bandara
A training programme was held for teachers from language associations, centering the Provincial Center in Kilinochchi from 13th to 17th December 2014.
30 years
Related Institutions
The financial statements for the year 2018 had been presented to audit on 29 March 2019
Senior Officials of the Department of Commerce including the Director-General of Commerce of the Department of Commerce were appointed as members of the Committee, while, officials from other relevant Ministries and two private sector representatives as consultants were included in the Committee.
Department of Land Use Policy Planning
In compliance with F.R.151, all Revenue Accounting Officers should forward the Revenue Account relevant to the Revenue Code of their respective institution for the year 2017 to the Auditor General on or before 31.03.2018 after correctly preparing, checking and signing the same.
These 12-days Short Term Language Training programme could be identified as a unique effort of the institute towards a society bound with cultural and social harmony by making kind hearted and cooperative public officers.
Local Government Transfers
Research Section
It is also essential that CSCL further enhance its revenue from general cargo transportation operations based on buying and selling of space and slots on third party ships operating in the international trade, by securing more state sector cargo to CSCL fold, which are now being carried by foreign Shipping Companies.
Turnover per Employee
24, Sri Sumangala Road,
The internal road system was developed by laying interlock to improve the condition of the roads and the exterior of the park.
2. Finance Division
Investigations into the illegal importation of perfumes
In comparison, hydropower generation in 2013 was 3634 gigawatt hours.
In consequence, you are informed that the depreciation amounts are correct.
New Caledonia
January 2016
Deficiencies observed during the course of the audit have been brought to the attention of the Council from time to time and special attention should be given to the following areas of control.
Taking necessary steps to maintain the service in an efficient and people friendly manner
Financial statement up to 31.12.2015
Current Assets
Total Investment Income
Secondly, the highest utilization of funds was for regional development.
Monday, 20 October 2014, 08:33
05. Mr. Lesli Devendra
Distributed 120g of seeds for farmers & 1000 (2g) seed packets at the Govi Sathiya.
Vision
10. United Nations Prevention of Desertification Project
The total expenditure recorded for 2014 was Rs. 2,603 billion.
The turnover for the year was Rs. 69,969,634.
Mr. R.M.Wijesingha Banda
An income of Rs. 355,060 from battery testing had been received in the year 2011 while the net income received in the year under review amounted to Rs. 7,125.
Further, specific assignments had not been made for a specified period and the work done during the period could not be clearly identified.
27th June - 03 Days
Debtor - Mr P. T.  Fernando
Bokundara Junction, Piliyandala
07 Motor Cycles - -
Construction of Concrete Road with Drainage
Failure to supply Plants through the Department to meet the Annual Planting Targets in the Year 2012
From August 2013 to April 2014
This will provide an opportunity for efficient use of public funds.
For informal economic units related to industry, trade and service sectors - ECE-S3
Mobile Services for Issuing of Elders ID Cards - 2012
Grace Period
7. Construction of Muttur District / Magistrate Court
Various kinds of vitamins, drugs and nutrients are provided to the athletes by the Sports Medicine Institute Pharmacy.
Pakistan
Granting of community housing loans 2011
Commercial Farming Program-2015
Expected Target for the year 2012
Rs. 31.77 Mn
Information and Communication Technology Agency (Private) Limited - 2016
Office hours - 8.30 am to 4.15 pm
Provincial Surveyor General's Office (SP)
Comparative Statement on the number of Members of Parliament to be elected for each electoral district (2006 - 2015) under the Article 98(8) of the Constitution is given in Table II.
Since the provincial level co-operative organizations are governed by provincial departments with the decentralization of the co-operative subject, only the information of the co-operative societies coming under the control of the central government is included here.
License fees related to Ministry of Defense
Cement Warehouse
Interest payable current liabilities
The CFHC should operate profitably from 2015 onwards adopting proactive strategies to improve the profitability of all its harbours.
Hunupitiya office Room
IT Division
Label Writer
Coordinate activities by the Divisional Secretaries,
303 - Udahenagama
Certificate of compliance issued for the layout
Nadu for the 2016 Yala season is Rs. 38.00, Samba Rs. 41.00 and Kirisamba Rs. 50.00 each and 120,000 metric tons of paddy will be purchased.
The objective of this phase is to collaborate “Key state and non- state actors with each other successfully putting key elements of Social Integration in to practice”
Value-added Tax amounting to Rs. 624,405 paid up to 31 December 2017 had been set off against the Contribution received from the Government of Sri Lanka.
Mr. P. K. P. Anuruddha
Total amount so reimbursed in 2013 excluding Distribution Divisions was Rs. 1,166 million.
License will be issued for authorized surveyors by the Land Survey Council in terms of the Survey Act No 17 of 2002.
Reduced: Costs
Direction and supervision of activities relating to the Wildlife Trust and the Wildlife Conservation Fund
Grants Received
The importation of 2,500 dairy animals from Australia under the proposed project will ensure the production of a substantial amount of quality milk and milk products to the local market.
Divisional Secretariat, Thanamalawila
(e) The value of Rupees 336,955 relating to 14 items of furniture and equipment had been understated by Rupees 73,781 in the financial statements.
Internal capacity building
On behalf of the Board, I wish to take this opportunity to thank him for his assistance extended to the Institute during his short period in the capacity of Director General/ CEO of the institute.
from 09 Districts namely Jaffna, Kilinochchi, Batticaloa, Galle, Badulla, Vavuniya and Ratnapura 14 Programmes were conducted.
Physical Progress: 27%
Rainfall(amount)- 182.9 mm
Mrs. A. H. M. P. Abeykoon, the Director of Biodiversity Secretariat, represented the Secretary of the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy as the chief guest.
Seniority List Class 1
Increase
Provide for the bilingual needs of the public through reviewing, monitoring, educating and advising on the implementing the Official Languages Policy.
Mrs. Lalani Perera
I conducted my audit in accordance with the Sri Lanka Auditing Standards.
Linking with various institutions to meet the needs of family members of war heroes through skills development project
12. Property, Plant and Equipment
City No.
Rehabilitation of Ginganga Flood
Attention had not been paid to the possibility of identifying and settling those balances.
Percentage of Provincial Share
(Clerk of the Funds)
In connection with civil proceedings
US $ 300,000
Ganewatta Forest Medicinal Garden
The limits of the Public Officers' Advance 'B' Account for the year 2015 and the actual expenditure are as follows.
Total (Rs'000)
Note 06-trade creditors & other payables
No. of programs
3.11 Where an officer forwards documentary evidence to prove that his/her spouse is serving in Armed Forces or in Police in the Northern and Eastern Province / has become disabled whilst in operational duties, such officer should be transferred only at his / her request.
Better focus on needy countries;
Funds are to be awaited.
Transport Equipment
(b) Children - The remaining half shall be divided equally among  children who are treated as the dependants of the officer concerne. i.e.
The financial statements for the year 2017 had been presented to the audit on 28 March 2018 and the report of the Auditor-General on the financial statements had been forwarded to the Chairman on 28 September 2018.
Bund length: 1097 m
7. COURTS OF LAW
Income receivables
Co-operative Union
Co-operative Surplus Fund
Details of Land Area
By-laws should have been imposed by the Sabha to execute 30 main matters under Section 126 of the Pradeshiya Sabha Act, however, the Sabha had imposed  by-laws for 14 matters only, even by 31 December 2017.
Tunnels
Dissanayake Mudiyanselage Rathnayake
Including the incorporation of Benefits, Loan Installments, Loan Repayments and Other Payments of 2014 into the Commonwealth Debt Recording and Management System (CS-DRMS)
Pre-School Teacher MN 1
Even though the office of Project Monitoring Units of the Port Access Elevated Highway Project and Elevated Highway from New Kelani Bridge to Athurugiriya Project were established in the same premises, action had not been taken to recognize the overhead costs separately.
5.1 Public Administration
Conversion of New Designs into Prototypes at National Design Centre Workshops
02. It has been decided at its meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers held on 10.10.2013 to cancel sub-section 2:5 of Chapter VI, and to revise sub-section 1:5 of Chapter XII in the following manner and to revise the term “Telegram” in Sub section 6:4 of Chapter XXVIII as “Tele-mail Message”.
The Japan International Corporation Agency has provided financial assistance through a loan facility amounting to 15.941 billion.
137 projects were implemented by the District Secretariat.
Enhancing peace and coexistence among the people of Sri Lanka through national language training.
Expenditure Percentage
These equipments will give the corporation the editing to create 2D & 3D animations.
Stock & Work in Progress
Once the estimate is prepared on MITFIN and ready for issuance, an SMS message is automatically generated and sent to the customer’s mobile phone instantly by this software.
Robotics Laboratory
Accounting Policies
National Focal Point for G. E. F. Activities
Phot. - Photogrammetric
A Cabinet Memorandum has been submitted to the Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation.
Official Languages Commission and its Progress
It was targeted to provide sub-loans to 45,000 beneficiaries, including smallholder out-growers during the 18 month period from 01st July 2017 to 31st December 2018.
3.3 Transactions of Contentious Nature
The following major projects were commenced during the year.
The program of physical Fitness for school also recommenced.
Total Expenditure on Public Investments
(iii)  Implementation of unbudgeted projects.
Email: cmastaff@sltnet.lk www.condominium.lk
In addition the Government has embarked on a rapid rural development program called “Gamperaliya” which commenced in 2018 and will be continued during 2019 and 2020 on priority basis.
F. D. K. Lanka (Pvt) Ltd.
Chairman’s Review
1.3. Comments of Financial Statements
Actions have been taken since 2013 to maintain a separate document for each phone, to pay the telephone bills according to the maximum limits, and to charge from the salaries of the officers whose phone bills exceed the maximum limits.
(e) Whether the funds, materials and equipment supplied under the Loan had been utilized for the purposes of the Project,
1. District Workshop
The significant investment made in Sri Lankan Airlines for the development of its infrastructure has contributed to the growth of the country's aviation sector.
Adjustment related previous year
Fax - 011- 2883784
You are kindly requested to furnish the progress of those 12 key performance indicators to the Department of National Budget before 30.06.2019, as applicable to your Ministry.
Deputy Director/ Assistant Director (Technical)-(Vacant)
Rupees (million)
Dr. P. P. Priyadarshan
Number of written tests conducted on driving licenses
33% of loans were obtained from multilateral development partners and 25% represent international bonds.
A comprehensive database incorporating all relevant information at Divisional level including development projects is being developed by the Ministry of Finance and Mass Media for the use of multi-purpose development functions of the government.
Multimedia projector facilities
(c) the opening and closing balances, withdrawals from and replenishments to the Imprest Fund Account had been truly and fairly disclosed in the books and records maintained by the Project and the balance as at 31 December 2015 had been satisfactorily reconciled with the accounting records of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka as at that date,
Timber permits activities
Office Management and Financial Regulations
District Secretariat - Colombo
The compensation to be paid by the Commissioner of Elections shall be determined as percentages of the salary of 15 months based on the percentage of loss of earning capacity (temporarily) determined by the Medical Board.
“Ape Gama”, Battaramulla was placed under the Ministry by the Gazette Notification dated 14.08.2014 and is currently under the supervision of the Ministry.
Wholesale and retail
Our foremost intention is to prevent the elders leading a solitary life and to enhance their participation in the society.
Capital expenditure was 245,750,850.
Or
EER Unit (Engaged in dealing with matters relating to the cases initiated under the Emergency Regulations and Prevention of Terrorism Act)
(September to April)
9.3 Promotions
Ministry of Skills Development & Vocational Training
Note XIV
Changes in
Conducting a “Bodhi Pooja” event
Tamil Tele Drama – 01,
Last Updated on Monday, 17 October 2016 09:32
Conducted at Mahadeva Achchirama, Kilinochchi from 04.10.2014 to 05.10.2014.
Designation
Mannar Town - Parappankandal
Providing protection to mentally retarded boy children who do not have guardians
Sinhala - 1862 onwards
Practically designed FM radio set
Provisions allocated for 2014 - Rs.49.94 Mn.
Mr. Chandana Jayalath
Construction of 463 Rural Bridges Project
New (Schools)
Urban population is 12.5% whereas estate population is 1.9%.
A detailed statement for each and every Financial Regulations 66 and 69 transfers pertaining to the aforementioned cumulative figures is also sent along with the above statements and figures appeared thereof should be reconciled with the copies of related transfer applications prior to preparation of the Appropriation Account.
Deputy Director, International Cooperation Division, Atomic Energy Authority
CSL.ROL supported the second Bi-annual Conference and Training, which was held on December 20–22 at the Hector Kobbakaduwa Agrarian Research Institute Auditorium.
Badulla Municipal Council
The Chief Accounting Officer, the Revenue Accounting Officer and the Accounting Officer should sign the forms only if specified on the specimen forms.
Revenue collected during the year 2015
Mrs. M. C. S. Perera
The details of the part time language training programmes conducted for public officers in the year 2014 as follows:
Fees Charged for Search of Registry
All ethnic groups participated in these festivals.
The Audit Committee invited the Chief Executive Officer and the Head of Procurement Facilitation and Finance to attend its meetings although it reserved the right to request any of the individuals to withdraw.
Variable/Indicator
Note - (v)
My opinion is disclaimed based on the matters described in Paragraph 1.5 of this report.
Saturday, 19 August, 2017
Thai pongal Festival – Thai pongal special Stamp Release
6.5.7 Providing particulars required for Surveys (L96) – 6004 lots
Settlement of the Balances of Advance “B” Account from the retired and deceased officers
Road Section: Potuhera - Ibbagamuwa
The budget deficit is estimated at 4.7 percent of GDP supported by envisaged revenue growth and rationalized expenditure management.
4.2 Management Inefficiencies
Mr.W.O.C Jagath Krishantha
Revenue details of the Department of National Zoological Gardens from 2007 to 2014 is as follows.
US$
Tissue Culture Assistant
Issued National Identity Cards & G.N Certificates in the Year
Official Stamp
These assistances are channeled as loans or grants either through the International Development Association (IDA) or the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) of the Word Bank under the working arrangement named "Country Partnership Strategy (CPS).
Two members nominated by the secretary, Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs:
This error was rectified with the approval of the Board of Management in the year 2014 and made due adjustments in the 2013 financial statements.
2.2.2 Accounting Deficiencies
Different types of programs have been launched by the District Secretariat and 19 Divisional Secretariats within the District in order to create a cultural and religious revival and they are as follows.
Director General & CEO
Tourism
The fences for 74 cemeteries had not been erected and hence not separately identifiable.
Auditing of accounts of the Ministry, the departments under it, and the 03 statutory institutions i.e. Superior Courts Complex Management Board, Judges Institute and Legal Aid Commission, the Mediation Board Commission which is functioning as a support project under the expenditure head of Ministry Administration, the office of the Labour Tribunal which is functioning as a support project under the expenditure head of Courts Administration, and High Courts, Civil Appeal High Courts, District Courts and Magistrate’s Courts which are under the expenditure head of Courts Administration are carried out by the Internal Audit Division.
Waruni
Kegalle District
The service rendered by him to the Department of Elections is appreciated.
These 33 kV feeders contribute to providing quality power, system power distribution flexibility, and as well as absorbing renewable energy.
2.5.2.Visitors Arrival from 2007 to 2014
2. DIBSS project to store improved rice
From the deceased officers (Annexure 3.4)
The following non-compliances were observed during the audit.
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Economic Service Charge Paid
Senior Scientific Officer, Radiation Protection & Regulations, Atomic Energy Authority
Total Variance
The Bids are presently being evaluated.
Reconciliation Statement of Departmental books and Treasury printouts Financial Regulations 427(1)]
Ticket Revenue (Rs. Mn.)
14 Sri Lanka Coconut Producers’ Co-operative Societies Federation Ltd
13. Nivitigala
The Department of National Budget has issued the following circulars during the year 2014, providing guidelines required for the expenditure management of the spending agencies.
M. Y. S.Deshapriya
Sri Lanka side highlighted that the FTA should deliberate beyond commodities and should focus more on economic cooperation and possible integration to create value for country’s exports by highlighting the apparel industry of Sri Lanka which largely depends on imported materials from India and other neighboring countries.
Basic Tamil Language Course
Annual auditing of Co-operative Societies/Federations
This Department also examines and reports on questioned documents forwarded by the law courts.
Length (Km):
International Anti-Drugs Day celebration was held on 26.06.2015 at the Temple Trees under the patronage of Honorable Prime Minister and with the participation of approximately 8,000 people with a view to make the general public aware of the effects of misuse of dangerous drugs and chemicals and to control international drug trafficking.
Number of Advisory Committees
NEW CIGAS
He is currently serving as the Additional Secretary (Livestock Development) of this Ministry.
The court fines and stamp fees recoverable as at 31 December 2017 from the Chief Secretary of the Provincial Council and other authorities amounted to Rs. 4,912,180 and Rs. 12,511,265 respectively.
Anil Koswatte
Purchase of property, Plant & Equipment
(D) Legal action has been taken on these old debtor balances and I will take steps to recover the remaining debtors as well.
Provisions from Government Treasury
Preparing the pantry cupboards
P. S. No. 2013/269 Sixth Installment – Part - Local Authorities - Ampara District
Divisional Secretariat, Poratheevu Pattu
Mrs. Ekanayake obtained a Bachelor of Science (Special) Degree in Public Administration from the University of Sri Jayewardenepura in 1982.
National Council for Visually impaired people – orientation for 16 persons, mobility, providing counseling allowance to 07 persons for teaching English Language
The repair cost of the accident should be charged from the person who is responsible for the accident.
Recruitments should be made to the posts of the Trust as per the decision and the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers.
Deputy Inspector General of Police
Balance at 31 March
RAS/6/056
Following are the details of the revenue collected from the District Secretariat and Divisional Secretariats in the year 2015.
Further, the land where the Waste Management Center is located has not been taken over by the Sabha.
According to Departmental Books
Divithura
Our values
The original should be obtained by visiting this department and in the absence of such arrangement, action will be taken to send the Final Treasury Accounting Statements to such institutions by post.
In the year 2015, 40 mentally retarded boys have been provided with services.
Agalawattta Training Center (July 17 - 26)
Charge for the year 2012
In terms of the categorization of P. A. C. 03/2016 as at 31.12.2019,
Provision for gratuity
Recommendation
2014 Yala
Statement of Losses Recovered/Written off/Waived during the year.
Approval for the Purchase of Vehicles
Apart from this, it is conducting programs focusing on building a better image among the general public regarding the garment industry and also contributes to the Dayata Kirula exhibition.
Advance Account of Public Officers
Mrs. A. Weerawarnasuriya
During the year under review, the local government authorities have refused to accept the maintenance of common amenities of the Maligwatta, Jalthara, Homagama housing schemes.
Rs. 3,500.00
Number of training programs were carried out to transfer small and medium technology with the assistance of government and international organisation to uplift the economy of the rural population.
In order to strengthen the public officers in both official languages, islandwide part time Language training programmes are implemented by the National Language Education and Training Institute..
(ii) Minimum limit of Receipt (under 011)
Benthra Ganga Right Bank Drainage & Salt Water Extrusion Schemes is divided in to two sections as Meegama & Ittapana.
Twelve (12) Three-Day Training Programmes were held to cover the Whole Island for improving the knowledge of the service providers.
Even if there is no balance in the cash book at the end of the year, a "NIL" report stating the same should be sent to the Department of Treasury Operations immediately as per the instructions in above 2.1 & 2.2.
The particulars of the staff of the Centre for the year 2012 are given below.
Implement - IFRC
Cross notes
Received for the Year
Provincial breakdown of new beneficiaries
Non-execution of Expected Benefits
Internal auditing of the Department is  carried out quarterly by the  Internal Audit Division of the Ministry of Co-operatives and Internal Trade.
The details of each component are given below.
Colombo - 03
This year also the company has provided the staff with its usual welfare programme with a view to strengthening this ambition.
Contributions to the plans are recognized as an expense in the period.
In addition, the entrepreneurs who had ceased production of goods were encouraged to reenter into the sector and the number of active suppliers who had registered with the Institute surpassed 4000 at the end of the year 2012.
(g) Date of last salary Increment:
Nallur
Re-employment of Retired Public Officers
Cost in Sri Lanka Rupees Million
However, that remained idle over a period of 03 years.
Obtaining  forms for Financial Statements
SLFRS 10 will require management to exercise significant judgment to determine which entities are controlled, and therefore are required to be consolidated by a parent, compared with the requirements that were in LKAS 27.
Tsunami fund payable
Fee (Rs)
Even though the Centre had prepared and presented a Procurement Plan for the year 2012, that had not been prepared based on the Action Plan of the Centre in terms of the National Budget Circular.
Number of Polling Centers
Agreements entered into in 2014
5. Introduction of a seal management system in Western Province South I areas to prevent unauthorized electricity tapping.
Signature of the Applicant
Skill improvement and livelihood development of those who are under community orders through vocational training programs
Government stresses that health, education and economic infrastructure areas will continue to be major priority areas for resource allocation over the medium term.
According to the financial statements presented, the net profit of the Corporation during the year under review amounted to Rs.2,600,231 as against Rs.5,074,585 during the preceding year.
Continuation of international and regional cooperation
The balance amount of Rs. 7,405.48 million is expected to be financed by the Government of Sri Lanka.
Mrs. S. A. Hinted
1. Housing Project
Source: District Statistics Division, Kachcheri, Batticaloa
Expenditure on pensions - 2015
Projects 2011
Ministry of Social Services
Making an attitudinal change of these people towards teamwork and thereby improving social and economic conditions
Mr. E. N. Dayarathna
Don Roshan Manoj Priyantha Jayasinghe
As the Department of State Accounts allocates a new Deposit Account number under 6000/0/0/11 for the year 2015, to respective institutions in order to transfer the remaining provisions so approved; under any circumstances, transfer of budgetary provisions in the year 2015 should not be made to any other Deposit Account that is in operation for the previous year or to the General Deposit Account.
(VIII) Commercial Printing
03. Transfer Committees;
Bahamas
Divisional Secretariat Angunakolapelessa, Hambantota
Further, Mr. J.H. Senarath Bandara who served as the Assistant Commissioner of the Department (Development) and Mrs. H.G.V.R. Somawardane who served as the Administrative Officer retired in this year.
Source: Registrar of Divisional Secretariat, Batticaloa
Divineguma Beneficiaries
Delivery of duly paid vouchers to the Audit Division monthly
Negotiations are being made for the transfer of 10 Sri Lankan Prisoners from the Maldives soon.
Library and information services have been provided to 261 handicraftsmen and those interested in the field through the library located at Katubedda Head Office premises and branch office at Nattarampotha and the service of providing photocopies of the required creations in association with books was also carried out through this.
Statement of Non-Current Assets
Accordingly, the final balance arrived at after transferring the amount of the Adjustment Account to the Imprest Account should be equivalent to the cash book balance of the Ministry/Department.
Rehabilitation
Although, pre-cast block stones had been laid on the road of Hubulugala Monastery Hermitage at a cost of Rs.1,752,434, the block stones were collapsing, in several places.
3. Date of birth
Among them, 136 are executives grade employees.
3.3 Establishment Matters
This has enabled Sri Lanka to export over 4,000 items of duty free products to the Indian market on a duty free basis.
Let us preserve our self-discipline.
Last year, 21 internal audits were carried out on Divisional Secretariats and inquiries were made.
2003 Vehicles
(iii) develop pilot performance-based maintenance contracts.
Resolution of Crimes means: Grave Crimes – Number of suspects arrested
Date of Assigning Duties
Assistant / Deputy Director (Drama Development, Artiste’s Welfare and Programmes)
Mariyampillai Jesuthasan
9. Weligepola
It is valid until March 2014, for the transportation of coal for the Lakvijaya Power Station of the Ceylon Electricity Board.
Further Deposit accounts of 6000/15 and 6003 should be closed prior to the end of year 2017 by transferring the remaining balances, if any, to applicable deposit categories or otherwise by crediting to government revenue as per the provisions of the State Accounts Circular No. 243/2015.
Augmentation of Mahagalgamuwa Tank
2.3.4 Rent
Assisting projects of students in Advance Level.
Division Financial Allocation
Commissioner of Motor Traffic
Where there is a contested election at the expiry of the nomination period, the Returning Officer of the respective district shall publish a notice of election specifying the date of poll,
This speech contest was held targeting the students of the Western Province schools during the Social Integration Week 2014, which was organised by the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration.
My No.: EST/6/5/1/37-(II)
21st September
34. Contingent Liabilities
Nine industrial institutes were selected for this purpose.
Co.45
RAS/1/014
Malimbada, Kamburupitiya, Thihagoda
The Tender documents are under preparation.
Other Receipts
Imprest Received/ Remitted Report
Benefits for employees
03 day Residential
Airport Runway Harbour,
Freehold
The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited had to face intense competition from electronic & print media in the year under review.
Deputy General Manager (Regulatory)
Different training structures were evaluated with different grapes varieties.
(a) Used equipment of 12 categories of the Pallekele Infants School, its Farm and the Kotmale Farm valued at Rs. 127,794 and equipment of 09 categories, the value of which had not been assessed, remained idling.
Further, initiation of the skills development centres for the children with disabilities & granting the required provisions, the printing of two case study books on the basis of the experience, in which the Departmental Field Officers have gained, video recording of the activities of children with disabilities and purchase of exercise and music instruments were fulfilled.
Accounting for Grants
Educational Employees’ Co-operative Thrift & Credit Society Ltd.
A medical camp with specialists (Doctors) for the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation Staff in association with Colombo General Hospital and Health Ministry.
Period of Completion
01 April 2011 Under SLAS
Financial progress of the Welfare and Development Programme for the persons with disabilities – Expenditure Head
Additional Provincial Director
They were part of the Institutional Strengthening Report.
(i) Maritime Safety & Security
9.1.11 Approval of the Management Services Department was obtained to recruit people for 38 vacant Document Assistant posts, where applications were called and an examination was conducted for 428 applicants by the Sri Lanka Institute of Development Administration and the Department of Elections received the results of this examination on 30.12.2015.
(b) Public Administration Circular No.26/92 dated 19 August 1992.
Back
Giving - Poondulooya
BOC Time Deposit Certificate No. 7013173 amounting to Rs. 40,952,353.86 held by the bank as security for an overdraft facility of Rs. 34,000,000.00.
Organisation Structure and Staff
Flexible Amount
Green Power Development and Energy Efficiency Improvement
This year a short documentary report has been prepared incorporating the activities carried out by the Official Languages ​​Commission on the implementation of the Official Languages ​​Policy.
Circular No. MOFP/ERD/2007/2 of 07 August 2007 of the Ministry of Finance and Planning.
Lot B - I. Construction of two-lane 2 x Zebra 132 kV 55 km transmission line from New Anuradhapura to Vavuniya
Failure to record all purchases.
Kiribati
Sector of Hindu Encyclopedia
The special event at the certificate award ceremony was a friendly demonstration debate between the two Sinhala and Tamil students.
In terms of the categorization of P. A. C. 03/2016 as at 31.12.2016,
Upgradation of the Department of National Zoological Gardens and creation of a post of Director General and 03 Posts of Directors for the Department of National Zoological Gardens.
Dialog
However, since then the arbitration proceedings have not been instituted and it is now time barred.
Even though the report and meaningful action on inquiry committee appointed by the Zonal Director of Education and Chief Secretary had not made available for Audit.
Providing the services of trained consultants to governmental and non-governmental organisations in need of Counselling services (for prisons, hospitals, children's home, elders homes, drug rehabilitation)
My No: HAF-1/09/විවිධ
Deputy Director / Assistant Director (Administration)
Maximum Limit of Expenditure of activities of the government  (Rs.)
Divisional Secretariat, Kasbewa
Sectoral Distribution of Overall Utilization in 2014
Mrs. W. M. Wathsala
Provisions allocated for 2014 - Rs.  250.00 Mn
The new line produced higher seed yield than "Vethalan".
Harin Fernando
06. Fisheries and Aquatic Resources Amendment Bill LDO 46/ 2015
Under SLAS, the expenditure incurred on sale of vessels was recognized as deferred expenditure and classified under other receivables.
Delivering Results
France  16
According to the information received, an amount of Rs. 24.50 million made through the domestically financing sources in the Budget Estimate of the Line Ministry had been allocated to implement the activities of the Project in 2015.
Social Integration Division
Disable War Heroes Project
Prasanna Ranathunge
Kurunegala Plantations Ltd
Textile loan
At least 6 staff officers (Assistant Returning Officers) attended to the CCO, along with a staff of 20 -30 government servants.
Directions were given to expand the coverage of channels.
Awareness Program - Divinaguma
01. Finding land
To be well equipped with knowledge and expertise required to mobilize and manage external financial resources for the accelerated economic growth of Sri Lanka as the country elevates to higher-middle income status
Source of Funds
3.21 When an officer serving at a service station not considered as a popular service station makes a request for a transfer, the officer who have possessed longest period of service at the service station and satisfied the requirements in sub section 3.17 and 3.19 shall be transferred outside the service station in order to fulfill the request.
Batch  18
Participated persons
Provision of all public services that come under the purview of the Ministry in an efficient and people friendly manner.
In the year the 2012, to appoint a permanent Director to the Institute, newspaper advertisements were placed in the national newspapers by calling applications.
Department of Fiscal Policy
Internal regulations had been improperly made for enabling the Customs Officers to obtain overtime allowance exceeding 600 hours per month at 12 to 27 hours per day and the formal approval obtained for that had not been furnished to audit.
Foreign Aid Loans
In order to improve the efficiency and productivity of the accounting activities of the Ministry of Justice, the following account regularization activities have been carried out in the year 2014 under the Heads of the Ministry Administration and Judicial Administration.
Purchasing and distributing of Musical Instrument
The staff of the District Secretariat consisted of not only the staff paid under vote no. 261 of District Secretary but also includes the staff of the other Departments and Line Ministries under the supervision of the District Secretary.
21 Bank overdraft – BOC corporate branch
The Law College operates according to the rules laid down by the Council with the concurrence of the Minister of Justice.
20 million was allocated for capital expenditure and Rs. 76 million for recurrent expenditure for the year 2013, but only Rs. 9.2 million and Rs. 70.83 respectively has been received as imprest.
Women, Elders, Literacy programmes
01. Divi Neguma Development Program
Subscription fees
Mr. R. B. Wijesiri
Other capital expenses
Allocation (Rs.Mn)
Fiat gas turbine of 115 MW and GE Frame V small gas turbines each of 20 MW capacity at Kelanitissa premises was operated during dry periods and in emergencies to fulfill the system requirement.
Immovable Assets
ITMIS will soon be the only system that will be used by the Ministry of Finance and Mass Media for budget planning, budget execution and reporting.
Increase in payable balances
General Financial Rule
Nallur Pradeshiya Sabha
Guiding and Assisting the Pilgrims during their stay in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Rs. 400 Mn
Increase in payments made in advance
Badminton
The impact of this would be very minimal when compared with the consolidated balances of the group.
This program was carried out by the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health in collaboration with the ICTAD.
(c) Public Administration Circular No. 30/2016 dated 29 December 2016
Image Gallery
Until then, the scope of the Specialized Economic Centers under the Ministry of Rural Industries and Self-Employment Promotion was transferred to the Ministry of Trade, Marketing Development, Cooperatives and Consumer Affairs in 2007.
5.4.5 Revenue Account
On "Our Day"
Guillotine Machines
Plant & Machinery
According to the Loan Agreements, the scope of works of the project consisted of the improvements of road sector institutions, upgrading and widening of 283 kilometres of national highways, and developing and implementing performance-based road maintenance contracts.
Minimum Limit of Receipts
Annual research seminar of the departmental officers was conducted and 16 departmental researches were conducted.
The operation of the generation and transmission system is planned and carried out by the system control branch to maximize the reliability, quality, and operational economy of the electricity supplied.
With a view to enhancing the quality of public service delivery efficiently and effectively and ensuring an excellent public service, it has been decided to conduct a cadre review of the Government Institutions in terms of the Budget Proposals of 2017.
Kalabhushana State Awards Ceremony - The great award Kalabhushana is awarded by the Department every year to the artists who have rendered great service to the arts and culture.
Whether the expenditure shown in the financial statements of the Project had been satisfactorily reconciled with the enhanced financial reports and progress reports maintained by the Project,
Construction of Main Bund progress as follows,
Receiving Inter Ministries Co-operation for Implementing the Rehabilitation Process more Efficiently
To be the pivotal knowledge centre for facilitating the development of educational and training trilingual resource services.
Evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Management
Cooperation in the coconut sector in terms of investments opportunities and sharing technology
The racket continues as the existing penalties for illicit alcohol are reduced.
Explain the discrepancies between the base income estimate and the revised revenue estimate
Printed Media Advertisement
9. Acting as a Property Collector under the Judicial Organization Act
Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs
5.8 Training Institute for Non-Judicial Officers
Registration Fees relevant to the Department of Registrar General
Non member deposit accounts
Number of scholarships
Projects Operating Expenses
Apportionment of Block Grant among the provinces in 2016 is as follows.
Number of employees
Rural Elder Committees are operative at Grama Niladhari Division Level on behalf of the elders over 60 years.
Payment for electric fence posts
Project 01 - Office of the Minister
The issues and future tasks of the Language Association Programme of the Divisional Secretariat Division of Kuruwita were discussed.
"Activating the sale of Agro products through the intervention of the Government which was inactivated at divisional/national level due to Island wide measures taken to prevent the spread of Covid-19 Virus"
(c) Recovery of Loans
This intends to gain active participation of all government institutes on implementing the said programme.
Appointment to the post of General Manager of the Marine Environment Protection Authority
Contracted amount as at 31.12.2014
Figures adjusted to the Nearest Rupee
New Substation/ Gantries
Construction of Tube Well
Interest on Staff Loan
Uththalapura Elders' Home
Population at the ethnic level
Legalized by the Parliamentary Act No. 17 of 1999
It is a specialty to deploy the above officers who have received technical training in the preparation of language plans to provide technical assistance in facilitating work related to the preparation of language plans in the selected Ministries, District Secretariats, and Divisional Secretariats.
4.5% (out of 5%) of the total amount paid as initial payment to start initial design, investigation and survey work.
Table – 04
Progress of Internal Audit Division
Note (15) - No extra items.
However, in a tropical country like Sri Lanka, humidity is high during the times of heavy rains and the temperature is high during the dry season.
Lodging
Technical Officer
Financial Services
T.P.-011-2886796
However, all these advances will be recovered through bank guarantee.
Expenditure is distributed through 25 High Court Account Offices.
Inventory / Stocks
Nimal Thommadura
Ministry/ Department
Gampaha
Accumulated funds
(c) Under SLAS, long-term equity investments were stated at a fair value based on the valuation carried out on 20 July 1994.
1.2.1 Property, Plant & Equipment
Colombo 07,
08. Determining Authority
01. Local level incentive program
Bad Debts
3.4 Identified Losses
9. Intangible assets
Other Special Tasks
Level of Power Supply (%)
Inquirer into Sudden Deaths
Nalanda Industrial Estate
In my opinion, because of the significance of the matters described in paragraph 1.2 of this report, the financial statements do not give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Ceylon Ceramics Corporation as at 31 December 2012 and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
Irrigation infrastructure development works in several model sites were carried out during the final quarter of the year 2015.
Traditional industries
(C) Pelmadulla
which means, it is essential to work within an effective policy.
Legal Division: Representation in Courts on behalf of deserving persons
The legal framework covers the establishment of an institution, specifying the duties assigned to such institution and the manner in which such duties are to be dealt with.
The company's recruitment procedure requires the approval of the Ministry and the General Treasury.
Head of Planning
The Executive Officers, Human Resources Managers and many officers of recognized institutes of Sri Lanka participated in this Conference, which included many meaningful and effective lectures on occupational safety.
The staff of the Special Task Force as at 31.12.2014
National Languages and Social Integration Unit
Urban Council hall
Construction of Weekly Fair at Parakaduwa
Net Surplus/ Deficiency of Monetary and Financial Sources at the Beginning of the Period
I conducted my audit in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards.
Groundwater level measurement in agricultural wells
To direct and implement policies, programmes and projects of the national planning authorities with a view to achieving the relevant national objectives within the agreed time frames and the budgeted resources.
01. Amendment to the Land Development Ordinance LDO 25/ 2005
i. The vehicle which is used should have been registered in the name of the officer or his/ her spouse in order to receive transport allowance.
Korea 2%
The activities of the Project under the components of direct sewerage connections, conventional sewer extensions and providing of simplified sewer connections and new decentralized networks had been substantially completed as at 31 December 2018.
Construction of the sick room
Type of offer
Mr. M. P. A. Pathirana
During the year, Cabinet Ministers granted approval for the Ministry of Higher Education to relocate and develop the Institute of Technology at University of Moratuwa (ITUM) with the funding secured from local banks.
11- 4 Saving Account Interest income
Deputy General Manager (Finance):  K. M. A. Upali
June 2013 to January 2014
Sri Lanka Institute of Chartered Accountants
3. Inventory Articles 10%
Through this, five talented children were selected as finalists  and graded as “A” Grade singers of Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation.
Action had not been taken to settle 05 deposit balances amounting to Rs. 101,500 belonging to the Sabha, shown in the financial statements for over a long period.
Agriculture Research & Development Centre - Sita Eliya
Number of Correction Orders obtained and Number of Imprisonments failing to pay fines
Note - 19
15. Contempt of Court Bill
Professor (Senior) / Professor / Senior Member / Member
These classes were conducted the dates which Parliament Sessions were taken place and while the 06 MPs participated at the Sinhala Language Course, 16 MPs were participated at the Tamil Course.
Increase of income from Fixed Deposits
Kumbukkana
Chairman – National Design Center
Comments of the Accounting Officer
Those who are directly involved in the development process
The duties covered during the year 2012
1.4. Affiliated Offices Function under the Supervision of the District Secretary
Address:- 99/1, Jawaththa Road, Colombo 05
Even though a sum of Rs. 43,200 had been spent thereon, the expected targets had not been achieved.
Financial Analyst
Avissawella  01
K. K. S. PL 1
Total
Waththegama
Social Mobilization Functional Training Involvement in Empowering Rural Small Entrepreneurs (Regulatory Project)
(a) The basis of opinion and scope and limitations of the Audit as stated above.
Public Relation Officer to the Hon. Minister of Higher Education & Highways
(i) Lot A: Construction of New Grid Substation at Kegalle with 15 MVAr (3 x 5MVAr) Capacitor Bank at 33 kV and Augmentation of Existing 132/33 kV Grid Substation at Thulhiriya
4. Actual against the forecast in relation to expenditure under Ministry Head 198 and ID Head 282
(h) The provisions had not been made in the financial statements for water and electricity charges payable amounting to Rupees 5,167,484 relating to the year under review.
Sri Lanka’s Total Imports, Exports and Balance of Trade 2009 – 2014 (Value: US $ Mn.)
(2) Essential and urgent repairs in Serpentine National Housing Scheme
Private Secretaries to the Ministers
Projects for village development should be selected with the assistance of community.
52. Mirigama
Unu Kirigal Kanden Rukul Pojjata
Project Officer
Socially reintegrating those who are under community orders as good persons through effective correction procedure
Maturity of Short-Term Financial Assets
4. Kegalle
Poster competition organized by APRSAF
Abdul Muththalif Mohomed Thaha
The Galle District Divineguma Office also plays a major role in the development of the Galle District.
3.6.2 Issue of Certificates Accreditation - See para 6.4.8
Water Sector Development Project (I and II)
57 Saturday Seminars had been held with the participation of 321 High Court Judges, 822 Judicial Officers, and 118 Presidents of Labour Tribunals.
Language Associations of Kurunegala have been given provisions to hold Sinhala and Tamil language day competitions.
Other Officers
Madhu Church
Business activities of 64 trade stalls at the retail complex remained dysfunctional from the year 2011 and although the trade stalls had been given to the new owners, business activities of the retail complex are not at a successful level up to date.
This amount has been amortized over the useful life of the equipment and the relevant amount for the year 2012 is Rs. 2,596,040.
Courts Fines amounting Rs. 2,573,753 and Stamp Duty amounting Rs. 24,715,895 had to be recovered from the Chief Secretary of the Provincial Council and other authorities as at 31 December 2017.
DEPARTMENT OF THE REGISTRAR OF THE SUPREME COURT
Activities related to coordination
-Compilation of market surveys/ intelligence for identification of export
Mr. Mohan Hettiarachchi
MT 6 - 2016
Uneconomic Transactions
(a) Exercising oversight responsibilities relating to the quality and integrity of the Company’s financial statements and financial reporting process including the preparation, presentation, and adequacy of disclosures in the financial statements of the Company in accordance with the Sri Lanka Accounting Standards
The balance in the accumulated fund account amounted to Rs. 27,843,229 as at 31 December of the year under review, but the same amounted to Rs. 30,937,065 as per the trial balance whereas the said amount was Rs. 31,203,580 in the balance sheet.
Thuraineelavanai, Kaluvanchikudy
Date of Appointment
The amount due from LECO as at 31 December 2013 as per the financial statements of the Board had not been reconciled with the financial statements of the LECO.
The institution proposed an amendment to the The National Institute of Language Education and Training  Act  on its Governance Structure, Legal Framework and Mandate to support, based on the findings and discussion from the March 2013 workshop.
The National Enterprise Development Authority has taken steps to provide services to small and medium scale entrepreneurs at the regional level through development officers attached to the National Enterprise Development Authority.
No. of  pending applications brought forward (01.01.2014)
This data base has been entered as SRIMS in the Departmental website.
Certain significant statistics relating to the financing budgetary provision and utilization of funds during the period under review and up to 31 January 2016 are shown below.
19 polling stations in Puttalam and Anuradhapura districts were established for these voters.
However, the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers had not been obtained even at the completion of works under the contract.
3.14 – 1 Local Grants
04-2 Treasury bill Investment
Minimum Receivable
Taking action to obtain letters of credit
Stobilanthes flowers are restricted to the forests and secondary scrublands of Sri Lanka’s central highlands.
Officers representing the Ministry, Department of Official Languages, Official Language Commission, National Language Educational and Training Institution and all the units of the Ministry participated .
Skills development
Marketing unit
A follow-up survey of the same institutions was carried out from  October 2014 – December by the Official Languages Commission.
7. Legal Affairs
6.3 Establishing a Strong Middle Class with Higher Income
Accordingly, the Institute has arranged to provide language training to about 5456 public officers through 186 classes in the year 2015.
It is scheduled to started in Jaffna, Kelaniya and Sabaragamuwa Universities in 2014.
The remaining 284 feet of this urgent work had not been completed even up to August 2012 and the Engineer concerned had left the institute.
Details of Sri Lanka Sovereign Bond Issuances
Number obtaining Accreditation Certificates as at 31.12.2013 - - 1297
The following activities were carried out to address the mission “Clean Air Everywhere”
(e) To assist
Rate of Depreciation
Heads of State Corporations and Statutory Boards,
Be stars are mainly characterized by their Balmer emission lines in their optical spectra.
Several recommendations issued in respect of complaints investigated in 2014 are as follows.
9 Eastern 16,511,493
Stenographers (Sinhala Medium)
National Institute of Business Management
Under the Cross Regional Cumulation provision of the EU GSP scheme, Sri Lanka has is entitled to cumulated unmanufactured tobacco and tobacco refuse of HS heading 2401 originating in Indonesia.
The surplus of income on projects undertaken over and above of the normal quantum of activities in the annual action plan has been disbursed in accordance with the Public Finance Circular No. 380 applicable for universities and research institutions.
Special loans
Deferred tax
As per the request of school teachers, and students, the classes were conducted for the students who learn Hindu Religion and Hinduism.
“Sevana Udyanaya” donated by the Ministry to the University Student Community under the Deyata Kirula National Development Program
Before 31st July
Value written off from the book
Cost of Cataract Lenses and Health Clinics Payable
After King Vijaya had chased away Kuveni and her children, it was at Dharmapala in Anamaduwa where the 04 children of Kuveni had sought shelter before going to her relatives.
Accordingly, the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers has been received on 19.11.2014 to update and amend the Ordinance to suit the social, technological, and developmental needs not only of the present but also the future.
Increase/ (Decrease) in Trade and Other Payables
MBA Programme - University of Kelaniya
No explanations.
08. Present Agrahara Insurance Scheme:
To boost the morale and self-motivation of police officers
III. Under special circumstances, considering the nature of activities, unregistered (brand new) vehicles not more than 3000cc engine capacity can be procured subject to the recommendation of the Comptroller General within the price ceiling given in respect of the following categories
Thumpane
Rs.47,399,899/- has been earned from indoor stadium, swimming pool, body building center and sports hotel owned by the indoor stadium and from rentals, interest for loans and from the other sources of revenue in the year 2012.
In view of implementing the Community Based Correction Process in Northern Province, new Community Based Correction Offices were opened in areas such as Mullativu, Kilinochchi, Vavunia and Mallakam.
Market Promotion Activities
The evidence indicated against the following items appearing in the financial statements had not been furnished to audit.
03. Accordingly, the public officers will be granted an opportunity, on their consent, to be a contributor for the “Silver Scheme” making a monthly contribution of Rs. 300/- and for the “Gold Scheme” making a monthly contribution of Rs. 600/- instead of the contribution of Rs. 125/- paid at present by the contributor for enjoying the benefit of Insurance Scheme.
Uva Udanaya
Awareness for pregnant women
No. 306/72 Polduwa Road, Battaramulla, Sri Lanka.
Department of Official Languages (DOL) has enhanced its capacity to deliver translation services with the technical and financial support from National Languages Project.
Article Title:
3.6 Capitalization
Dr. S. G. Senaratne
In terms of the Public Administration Circular No. 01/2014 dated 21.01.2014, please determine the level of proficiency in other official language applicable to the under mentioned posts coming under this Ministry/ Department and inform me accordingly.
Making travel arrangements up to the house of the war hero and for providing other necessities.
Non-Conventional Renewable Energy (NCRE) Plants
Fees and Other
Rambewa, Eastern Nuwaragam Province, Mihintale
Between 2 - 5 years
Within the year 2014 the Ministry has conducted 32 inspections of dengue and has submitted monthly reports to the Health Ministry along with the copies to the Dengue Control Unit at Narahenpita and  the Ministry of Agriculture.
(a) Section 134(i) of the Pradeshiya Sabha Act No.15 of 1987
Sri Lanka CERT (Private) Limited - 2016
Tharmalingam Siththarthan
Facilitated NLDB to obtain a new loan of USD 20 million to import another 2500 high yielding heifers.
Create an environment of mutual respect and trust where the staff can demonstrate its performance and achieve the full potential
Assistant State Attorney
Nattandiya
Mr. M. Thusitha Rathne Silva
Disaster Housing Project
Statistics
3. Kuruwita
(ii) Even though the Defence Levy, Turnover Tax, Value Added Tax and Goods and Services Tax totaling Rs.13,363,261 existing from the year 2008 had been transferred to another Creditors Account, action for the settlement of those had not been taken even up to the end of September 2013.
Part time Language Training Programmes for public officers
Balance as at 01/01/2010
Table 4.1: Vehicles approved by the Department of National Budget by Vehicle type, in 2014
2. Human Resource Development
Interest-bearing borrowings
Vayithilingam Sangarappillai
Distribution Loss
Fares charged under the Motor Traffic Act and others
(ii) Veyangoda-Kirindiwela-Padukka 220kV transmission line
i. Financial Regulation 103 (i)
Alawathuwala J.C
Out of the three members, Mr. Mahinda Deshapriya, the former Commissioner of Elections was appointed as the first Chairman of the Election Commission and the inaugural meeting of the Election Commission was held on 17.11.2015 at the Elections Secretariat with the participation of all members.
E.P.F
Sarath Siri Dias Weerasekera
The Middle East development partners, which are the Saudi Fund for Development, the OPEC Fund for International Development, the Kuwait Fund for Economic Development of the Arabian Republic, and the Islamic Republic of Iran provide financial support to Sri Lanka with their own corporate priorities.
With the aim of preventing crimes, identifying criminals and bringing them to book going beyond the limits of national territories having fostered cooperation between Sri Lanka Police service and the international police services as well as for exchanging training courses in order to increase the training opportunities of the police officers, memorandum of understanding with police services of several countries were inked.
In addition, the showroom at Thummulla was modernized and equipped with facilities needed for customers.
Special Sales
Auditor General's Observations on the Appropriation Account - 2015
In this endeavor, we too strived hard to make the ownership of the outcome of the development that is being extended through this programme available to the people of the rural areas who really are the actual stakeholders of the development.
The time frame for the modalities to be implemented is yet to be agreed upon.
Mannar District was highly affected by the Drought in the year 2013.
N. D. Nimal Premawansha
2. Develop implement a mechanism to share the benefits of biological resources with the grass root level community to encourage conservation
Normal Scheme
The programs organized by the Public Relations Unit include:
Contact us
Maradamadu
Accordingly, payments had been made.
Sending letters to all the Community Presidents regarding the housing aid
Holcim Company has provided 2 brand new trailers for Cement Corporation's 3 trailers.
Number of Courses
04. Department of Immigration and Emigration
Development and dissemination of improved agricultural technology.
Name of the member elected/ Action taken
(c) All other receipts collected to the general deposit accounts 6000 (15) and 6003 that are not coming under item (a) and (b) above, should be credited to the Miscellaneous Revenue Code No 2003.02.99.
Salary with the Salary increment as at …….. 2016 (Subjecting to the earning of the salary increment)
Government grant for capital items
The key function of this unit is producing documentary programmes
A benefit was obtained with the issue of one new ordinary bonus share for every two shares held by the Corporation as at 31st December 1995.
Total capital expenditure
i. Community  Project
Project Name: Reconstructing a classroom of Wanathamulla Matthew Vidyalaya, Dematagoda to a library
Tel: 0112186101/ 0112186104
Financially Assisted (Rs. 7,500) Regional Elders Board
Balance 2014 (Rs. Cents)
Support for hands-on group training on Energy Demand Modeling
Pro. & Sup. - Procurement and Supply
4.2.2.1 Morphology study of comet 2012 S1 (ISON)
The Peradeniya-Badulla-Chenkaladi Road has been identified as an attractive highway connecting the Central and Eastern Provinces through the Uva Province.
(a) I. The officer injured shall seek/ be directed for medical attention immediately and further it should be notified to the Returning Officer promptly.
N.S.M.SAMSUDEEN,
Workshop on Essence of Public Procurement
Total (4)
Work is scheduled to begin.
According to the Financial Regulation 626, the financial statements of the Projects are required to be prepared based on separate accounting records maintained in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
4. Significant Accounting Policies
A very high proportion of the reported grave crimes consists of burglary, theft of bicycles, theft of cattle and theft of properties including plantation items over Rs.5,000.00 in value.
In my opinion, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters described in paragraph 2.2 of this report, the consolidated Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited as at 31 December 2013 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards for Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Furthermore, US $ 26.8 million (14 per cent), US $ 26.5 (13 per cent) and US $ 24.4 (12 per cent) were utilized respectively for health, irrigation and education sectors.
11. Total of claims for reimbursable foreign aid made after 31st December 2019 for the year 2019 up to the date of preparation of financial statements
Textile Industry Development Division is performing a significant role by contributing to the national economy with a vision of converting Sri Lanka into a more creative and competitive manufacturer of the textile and apparel sector in this region.
Irrigable Area (Acres)
Colombo City
Services rendered by the Public Relations Division
9. Buddhabivanda vesak Programme
In addition, only the laying works of 48 kilometres of distribution pipe had been completed as at 31 December 2018, out of the pipe laying works of 80 kilometres, which was expected to be completed under Mahaoya Water Supply Scheme.
5.2 ADMINISTRATION & ESTABLISHMENT DIVISION
33. Capital and Other Commitments
Loose tools
In addition to that, several workshops and awareness programmes were conducted.
Self-employment aids for disabled persons
Since the company maintains a carpentry section, most of these modifications are handled internally.
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risk of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
I. Property, Plant and Equipment
03. The officers who are entitled to overtime payments will not be entitled to the special allowance under this circular, but overtime payments can be made under existing provisions.
Ac40
Aloko Udapadi
Lunch Time Music -
Information Services Centre (ISC)
Mr. Rathnayake Arachchige Sirisena
At the local level, FLICT conducts its activities in 5 pilot districts, Ampara, Badulla, Galle, Mullaitivu and Puttlam, in coordination with the Provincial Councils, District Secretariats, Divisional Secretariats and Pradeshiya Sabha Offices, alongside conducting activities with selected Community-Based Organizations.
Receivables
State Ministry of Youth Affairs
Preparation of detailed Printed Estimates
Colombo East
Tourist Bungalow Keeper
USD 70.0 Mn
9.2.2. By the letter No. 75/10/4749 dated 10.04.2015 of the Secretary to the Ministry of Public Administration, Provincial Councils, Local Government and Democratic Governance, Mr. T. Akilan of Class III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service who was attached to Department of Elections since 29.04.2015  was appointed as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Jaffna District Elections Office with effect from 30.06.2015.
Batticaloa Central
Basis of preparation
Motor Vehicle 25%
No. of vehicles approved
Nikaveratiya Co-operative Development Society Ltd.
OPEC Fund for International Development
No.of Programs Implemented
The following training programs have been conducted from 01st January to 31st December 2014.
(k) Fixed deposit interest income relating to the year under review had not been brought to account.
Your name:
In the year 2011, the loss/profit situation of the Authority was not satisfactory.
4.8 Release of human and Physical Resources of the company to other institutions
(d) Issuance of Eye Lenses
The financial progress is 100%.
The stock of spare parts belongs to Kankesanthurai Cement Plant purchased in 1990 and stored at Puttalam Cement Works
Trade receivables are carried at anticipated realizable value.
Testing and commissioning of SCADA gateways at the Chunnakam grid substation, Kilinochchi grid substation, Laxapana power station, Phase II of the Lakwijaya power station, and Norochcholai wind grid substation
This is not only functioning by using natural resources but also uses human resources in the Mannar district.
Industrial Technology Institute
Meeting on the Establishment of a Process Based Management System
M. K. Darshana Leelantha
Performance of supervised development projects
This year (2010)
Need to take expeditious action to transfer the rights of the assets.
Preparation of a National Plan for minimizing human elephant conflict has been completed.
Existing
Public Administration Circular: 25/2014
Divisional Secretariat Office - Hikkaduwa
(e) Construction Control
University of Kelaniya
(D) Naththandiya
Balasooriyage Samantha Indika Dayasundara
The election officer of the district shall publish a notice of his intention to hold an election and the notice shall specify the nomination period, which commences on the fourteenth day after the date of publication of the notice and shall expire at twelve noon on the twenty-first day after the date of the publication of the notice.
Even though the activities of the HIV/AIDS New Funding Model Component of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria Project had been commenced from 01 January 2016, the plant, property and equipment procured at a cost of Rs. 69.99 million up to 31 December 2015 by the previous Project and handed over to the Line Ministry had been shown in the financial statements prepared, as the assets of the Project.
Out of that, unauthorised persons had occupied and constructed houses on 09 acres of land.
Resource Management Development Division
Accrual  Telephone Ranaviru Rimem.& Benivo. Project
This Act provides provisions for a new regime for the administration of prisoners.
Democratic Republic of Korea
vi. Environmental Management
Srilankan national highways and presently constructed highways are connected through this route.
Calculations made under audit
E-Mail - planningdv@hotmail.com
In terms of Financial Regulation 272 (3), all payment vouchers should be presented to the Auditor General.
50 Motor cycles were distributed among 50 Prison Officers on 03rd September 2014 at the Prisons Head Quarters.
Report of the Audit Committee
The officers who granted approval for language training in 2012 and 2013 are also included within this group.
(f) Staff Administration
Classification of public investment expenditure by subject
3.5. Special Investigations and Audit Activities
Kuliyapitiya, Polpithigama, Narammala, Kobeigane
Flood relief
If there is any non-reconciled balance, such values should be revised in the main ledger balance by journal entries until the balance is identified.
Officers shall take action to submit necessary information in this regard.
Administration & Operations Division (A&O)
Management Plans have been prepared for Maragala Mountain Range EPA, Hantana Mountain EPA and Bolgoda EPA with a view to managing declared Environmental Protection Areas (EPAs) in a sustainable manner.
Distribution of scholarships according to district
Assistant Director (Non SLAS)
Miss. Ayesha Lakmali Senarathna
Balance as at 31.12.2011
The Project commenced on 18.08.2009 and expected to be completed by early 2013.
Description of Work: 3.00
Divineguma Division
Officers have participated representing the Ministry, National Institute of Language Education and Training, and the Finance Ministry.
Special Program in TV Repairing
Other Official Language Proficiency Level Examination
(Profit / Loss) on Disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment
Dadella Stadium, Galle
Bundles of 500 ballot papers are prepared by taking 10 bundles of 50 ballot papers rounded with a rubber band and placed in the respective receptacle of the party/ group.
Specification Preparations
Promotion Officers
(b) Actions had not been taken to recover a sum of Rs. 50,000 deposited in the Employees' Association of Sri Lanka Local Authorities at the annual interest rate of 2.5 per cent on 13 July 1999 under the approval of Commissioner of Local Authorities.
Labor tribunals are established in the following areas.
Electricity
Rent of antenna tower at Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation
2. Bank Account Balance at the end of last month: Rupee Date: 2019 / ... / ...
The Irrigation Department has been working on this tank since 1969.
As at 31st of December 2014 there are 775 pending accident cases in District Courts island-wide.
An International Symposium on 'Biodiversity, Food & Nutrition: Linking Agrobiodiversity and Dietary Diversity - The Sri Lanka Experience' was held on 8th December 2014 at the Kingsbury Hotel, Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Common Reserves
Carry out research on the impact of policy implementation on the environment, analysis of data and dissemination of the information to the relevant sectors including general public
Vijayaba Maha Vidyalaya, Mahawa and National School, Polpithigama
Accordingly, 23 Indian offenders, 50 Pakistan offenders, and one Maldives offender have been transferred to the relevant countries.
10. Examination of Management of Water Resources
Property loans for public servants
5.2 Action Plan
General Administration
(d) Action will be taken to recover the salary advance paid from the monthly salary at one time.
Acquisition of fixed assets
Organizational Structure - District Secretariat - Galle
January 07-16
3. Commercial Leasing & Finance PLC
Revolution Reserves
Treasury Monthly/ Annual Accounting Statements
11. New FTP facility to news room with Sri Lanka Telecom shared 100GB disk space and point to point leased line from SLT to Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation news room.
Main Roads Rehabilitation and Improvement Project III - (Phase II)
Ms. Premani Perera
He is currently working as the Deputy Director (Livestock Development) in Ministry of Rural Economy.
Tuesday, 01 August, 2017
National Highways Sector Project
1.2.2 Lack of Evidence for Audit.
53 Mrs. K. P. G. N. K. Wijewardana, P. M. S. II
2.5.3 Cases ended during the year
2.2  Establishment of the Election Commission
No action has been taken yet.
Let us together build a nation of the human being with merit happiness and pride.
1.4 Functions
(c) A sum of Rs.3,859,719 outstanding for over 09 years as at the end of the year under review could not be recovered.
MT 4 - 2016
Acquisition of Financial Assets
During the year the Institute conducted a variety of training programs ranging from Continuing Professional Development (CPD) programs, conducted on several subjects for practicing engineers, technicians and other professionals in the industry, to basic and intermediate level technical training programs on electronics, computer hardware engineering, etc.
3250 Teachers from 773 Aranery Schools in 22 Districts namely Jaffna, Batticaloa, Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Kilinochchi, Mullaitivu, Amparai, Kegalle, Matale, Badulla, Puttalam, Trincomalee, Ratnapura, Kalutura, Polonnaruwa, Colombo, Kurunagala, Galle, Matara, Gampaha, Mannar and Vavuniya have been paid the allowance this year.
Others (Casual / Temporary)
Foundation Stone laying Ceremony for the new paddy store built by spending Rs. Mn. 30 in Nochchiyagama, Halagamuwa village, under the patronage of Minister of Rural Economic Affairs, Hon. P. Harrison, was held recently.
The Asia-Pacific Trade Agreement (APTA), formerly known as “Bangkok Agreement”, was signed on 2nd November 2005.
Mr. R.C. De Soysa
POS - Point of Sales
Assistant Director (Pinnawala)
Year:
7. Funding for construction of community halls.
Greeting for New Year - 2015
Let us always render our services without hesitation.
6. Koralai Pattu North
Firearm & Ammunition Section
Rome
Name of the Road / Bridge: C Class Coastal road
Deyata Kirula Regional Development Programme
Activities such as the promotion of tourism, development of the essential infrastructure facilities in urban and semi-urban areas, improvement of agriculture facilities in identified areas, development of infrastructure facilities for the promotion of seaports and airports related services and investments, promotion of agro and livestock-based industries and improvement of sanitary facilities in rural areas are expected to be undertaken by this.
The programs telecast on Nethra TV are in the following order;
According to the information received, the construction works of 23 bridges had been completed at a cost of Rs. 3,395.57 million with delays ranging from 29 days to 455 days.
Other Comprehensive total Income
Printing texts and exercise texts necessary for language acquisition  and proficiency and conducting language proficiency examinations
Issuing final treasury account statement including journal entries for correction of all identified accounts and relevant transfers of accounts
DFM
CEOs’ forum on space technology applications for national development
Conduct distance education programs to support the non-formal education of school children.
Newspapers & periodicals
Restoration of selected Tanks
Print Trade Data reports for future references.
Anyone can donate money for this program.
Facilitation of the performance of the responsibility conferred on the legislature for the management of public finance, by provision and distribution of resources for efficient delivery of public services and for the achievement of the development objectives of the Government
I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my qualified opinion.
L.M.S. Sahabdeen
According to the Grant Agreement of the Project, then Ministry of Higher Education and Highways presently the Ministry of City Planning, Water Supply and Higher Education is the Executive Agency of the Project.
Administration Reports, accounts, projects, and agricultural programs made available by the government Departments, Ministries, and the private institutions are included.
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanation given to me, I am of opinion that,
Insurance Covers
The Standard Total Assets to External Loan Ratio of a business institution should be 1.1.
6.3 Department of Debt Conciliation Board
Individual visits to Sri Lanka
320,000 shares and 160,000 shares at Rs. 15 / = per share (Bonus issue in 1995)
Mr. Achala Walpola
Assets Category
Further, it carries out model quality control activities submitted by the various government departments and state-sponsored bodies.
03 items of account valued at Rs. 601,864 could not be satisfactorily vouched in the audit due to the non-presentation of the required information.
3.3 Operating Inefficiencies
Rs. 1,200,000.00
The agreement granted tariff concessions on products exported from Sri Lanka with a Local Value Addition of over thirty five percent (subject to the substantial conversion of inputs into products and adoption of a simplified production process).
4.1.5 Advance 'B' Account of Public Officers - 2015
T.P-011-2888934
Palagala Divisional secretariat
Housing Programme for Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Mannar and Vavuniya Districts - 1,000,000
From September 2013 to February 2014
Please note that a large number of records opened by the Civil Division are handled through the State Counsel Division.
Among the expenditure, majority of funds have been utilized for payment of mobilization advances and part payments for civil works contracts awarded under the project and procurement of goods such as vehicles, IT equipment and machinery to improve the capacities of IAs.
Deputy Legal Draftsman
Sale of old newspapers
Number of vacancies
P. A. P. I. Wijekulasuriya
Kurusami Kalankadi Thevar
Number of Villages
Imraan Maharoof
Papaya field was established for breeder’s seed production of Rathna variety.
3. Providing funds for developing the registered mosques, Ahadiya (Daham Schools), Arabic Colleges, Quran Madrasa and Other Religious Institutions.
Engage in continuous activities with the Central Bank of Sri Lanka and the Commonwealth Group to improve the debt management capacity of the country
Police;
Mr. A. W. M. A. A. Thilakaratne
REPORT  OF  THE  BOARD  OF  DIRECTORS  FOR  THE  YEAR  2011
As they impart their knowledge gained through the training to the vocational trainees, it will enable the persons joining the profession as amateurs in occupational safety and future productivity.
Donatoin for new computers
My responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on the Audit.
Development of Buildings of the Sri Lanka Police
Preparation
Entities are required to “devise and maintain” a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization, transactions are recorded as necessary  to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with the applicable reporting standards and to maintain accountability for assets, access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization, and the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
2.  Physical Performance
II. Performance of the activities relevant to Investigation and Determination of Title a) Conducting field inquiries; b) Calling applications for claims; c) Conducting title Investigation; d) Determination of Title; and e) Gazetting of the Determination of Title etc.
M.V.D.Cyril Gunarathne Pallepola
Preparation of briefs received from the Court of Appeal and the assessment of legal costs
4. Certificate Course in Coaches’ Skills Development - Netball
Completed
Net cash flow generated from operations and investment activities (g) = (c) + (e)
But is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
At present, Customs data required by other departments, are being maintained, updated and facilitated by the ITMD.
3. 3. That the assessments and adjustments are reasonable and prudent,
However, according to the Financial Statements, a sum of Rs. 1,611,200 had been provided as contingent liabilities during the year under review.
Reducing the attraction, promotion and prevalence of other drugs, including cigarette and alcohol
Research on Hinduism
2000 heifers are imported from New Zealand to enhance liquid milk production.
Green Energy Development and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project
P. S. No. 2014/325 - Third Instalment - Part V - Funds - Report of the Auditor General 2012
(a) A sum of Rupees 4,892,646 had remained as arrears as at the end of the year under review due to recovery of rents of lottery huts  and tourist rent being slow.
Training Program for Field Survey Assistants (NVQ Level 2/3/4) on behalf of the Vocational Training Authority
Following Table No.02 shows the provisions set aside in respect of the Ministry for the year 2015 and the summary of expenditure incurred out of the provisions for Ministry activities during the first three quarters of the year.
Instances of non-compliance with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions are given below.
Wedige Nimal Yasasiri Peiris
2.Teaching Hospital - Peradeniya
Details of the Circuit Bungalows
[The Application for Retirement (PD03/PD 05) is equipped with the facility to include the said information]
Before 23rd February 2016
Wise use of Coastal Belt & Surrounding Sea
(11) Allocations for bonuses
Issues related to policies on Air Quality
119 Emergency Call Service
2023 (Rs. Million)
The establishment of garment industry based industrial units is expected to provide a livelihood to more than 3400 families as well as to introduce a suitable workforce to the garment industry.
04. Approval of the General Treasury
The generator, main inlet valves, and other auxiliaries are also to be replaced using state of the art equipment to match the Turbine ratings.
1. Rs. 1000 Senior Citizens Allowance
Accountability and Good Governance
(a) the Project had maintained proper accounting records for the year ended 31 December 2017 and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Project as at 31 December 2017 in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards and
One Junior certificate course on wildlife management was conducted at National Wildlife Research Training Centre, Giritale aimed at skills development of wildlife officers.
(a) Project Costing and Management
National Secretariat for Elders has initiated a programme to train and employ elder protection voluntary workers with the intention of providing care and nursing services needed for elders.
I. Officers, who have submitted appeals prior to 30.06.2006 as per Public Administration Circular No: 04/2006 and if such appeals have been rejected, can not appeal again.
Impact on the Project performance
High Tension (km)
Maintenance and evaluation of local chilli landraces
In addition, Staff Officers of this Department attended meetings of the Committee on Public Accounts (COPA) and the Committee on Public Enterprises (COPE) in Parliament, representing the department.
However, payments should be made as per Schedule II and that should also be mentioned in the appointment letters.
This division implemented these programmes with the funding from the USAID Project.
8.4 Since the receipts and payments are reported daily under the CIGAS programme, it is not required to retain the manually maintained cash book and if a hard copy is required, printed copy of the cash book obtained through the CIGAS programme can be filed separately.
(i) recognition and measurement
Issuing of identity certificates
Additional Financing for Dam Safety and Water Resources Planning Project
Bandarawela
(a)  Defined Contribution plan
Procured 04 anesthetizing guns to be uses in treating the animals.
Other types were removed.
The total number of employees in 2014 was 69.
Administrative Expenses
They are namely; Clean Air – Everywhere, Saving the Fauna, Flora and Ecosystems, Meeting the Challenges of Climate Change, Wise Use of Coastal Belt and the Surrounding Sea, Responsible Use of the Land Resources, Doing Away with the garbage Dumps, Water for All, Always, Green Cities for Health and Prosperity, Industrial Greening and Knowledge for Right Choices.
This was caused by not being depreciated the vehicle in 2011 and further depreciation of the vehicle QI – 5819 for an extra year.
Hambantota (Tangalle)
Rs. 2,094,281
According to the financial statements presented, the operations of the Fund for the year under review had resulted in a surplus of Rs.4,492,719 as against the deficit of Rs.1,690,383 for the preceding year, thus indicating an improvement of Rs.6,183,102 in the financial results.
Combined Drivers’ Service (II 'B', II 'A', I)
(d)  The value of fixed assets of the Sub-offices, libraries, water treatment units and pre-schools had not been assessed.
For this reason, the Company follows the "going concern" basis when preparing Financial Statements.
Net movement in Cash - (k)
fuel lamp,
Printer
Accession T16 showed a high yield of 10.5 mt/ha when compared to other tested accessions.
In 2010, this Ministry was redesigned as the Ministry of National languages and Social Integration and the Institute became one of the Institutes functioning under this Ministry.
The Institute also provides training for semi-government and the private sector participants.
Netherlands 3%
Coca-Cola cricket pathway game events - 3rd stage - here 06 programmes were telecasted.
Marketing Management programme
The Secretary presided at the program
Debate Tournaments were held by Official Languages Commission to which participated the school students with a special interest and therefore, a speech contest among schools in Western Province was held in respect of the Social Integration Week 2014.
The question paper and syllabus are as follows.
According to reports, rituals were banned during the conquest of Mannar by the Dutch on 22 February 1659.
Matters related to public pensions
“Iniya Vasamtham” - Hindu Buddhist integrated program (from Ministry Allocation)
3:4 World Theatre Day
In occasions where an officer earns a salary increment beyond the maximum of a Salary Scale after 01.01 2016, the relevant Salary Step shall be calculated as per the provision in 3.8 above and then the adjustment allowance of the gross salary relevant to the said Salary Step shall also be calculated.
5. Improving Information and Communication System
100% advance payment recovered.
A sample of 50 institutions was selected for this study.
Dry Farming
The beneficiaries of new development projects to be identified separately in order to ensure that women are benefited.
HCL
Allocation for Year 2015 (Rs. Million)
24th March
Depreciation was calculated for the full year for the year acquired and no depreciation was given for the year of disposal.
Income From 2006 to 2012
The IT Park is maintained under the Ministry of Telecommunication and Information Technology.
GSTP is a tariff preferential scheme negotiated under the aegis of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) with a view to increasing South – South Trade and Economic Cooperation.
A training programme for the whole staff was held on 29.12.2014.
Senior Lecturer, Dept. of Electrical Engineering; University of Moratuwa, Katubedda, Moratuwa
14th November
22 area offices and 76 consumer service centers have been placed under the purview of this distribution division 2 for ease of operation.
Therefore electricity demand there was met by old diesel generating sets own by independent power producers which were expensive and unreliable.
(t) The outstanding court fines of Rs. 4,183,750 receivable for the year under review had been stated as Rs. 1,295,000 in the financial statements.
Public Administration Circular 21/88
Name of the District
9. Being paid money for renovationof play compound at Galnewa Ranaviru village
Whether the expenditure had been correctly identified according to the classification adopted for the implementation of the Project,
Action had not been taken to recover the rentals from the ground floor trade stalls Nos. 26,30 and 31 and the unopened upstair stall No. 08 that had been tendered at Common Amenities and Health Center.
Parachute Methods
He has served as an Animal Quarantine Officer in Katunayake International Airport Animal Quarantine Unit in 1986-2000 and served as a Livestock Officer in Colombo Animal Quarantine Centre from year 2000-2008.
A physical survey of the fixed assets valued at Rs.  22,882,912 had not been conducted for the year under review.
According to the progress reports, the respective activities of the Project were substantially completed as at 31 December 2018.
Mattresses
Audio (Visual) Tapes -  94
The first session of the Qatari – Sri Lanka Joint Economic Commission between the Government of the state of Qatar and the Government of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka was held in Doha from 14 – 15 September 2014.
Direct confirmations were not received to assure the accuracy of the Administration fee debtors amounting to Rs. 88,415,704.48 as at 31st March 2012.
Projects/Programs implemented at the field level are monitored and evaluated to obtain information regarding the  generated outcomes as well as their efficiency and effectiveness.
Even though the activities of the Project were expected to be commenced in 2014 and completed in 2017, such activities were commenced on 20 February 2017 and scheduled to be completed by 19 February 2020.
Mr. T. M.  Herath  (From 1st March 2013)
Submission of F.R. 69 National Budget Applications to the Department of National Budget before issuing the second and final Treasury Accounting Statements
Presentation of Minutes of the Sri Lanka Forest Service and Sri Lanka Forest Conservation Assistance Service
On the invitation of different TV channels, the legal staff of the Commission conducted programs to educate the public.
(i) Officers who avail transport allowances in lieu of assigned vehicles or officers who use assigned vehicles, are not entitled to use any other pool vehicle
07 Dharmachariyar Residential Seminars have been conducted.
Mr. J. M. L. Pushpakumara
Ministry / Institute that Provided Contribution
10.2.7. Mr. A.B.I. De Silva, Deputy Commissioner of Elections of Galle and two other Assistant Commissioners of Elections namely, Mr. J.A.S.P. Jayasinghe and Mr. P.R.N.H. Ratnayake together with Mr. P.C.P. De Silva, Deputy Director (Research and Planning) participated in the Training on Election Management held in A Web Secretariat, Incheon, South Korea from 27.11.2015 to 05.12.2015.
Rs.173.9Mn
Cash Flow Statement
World Water Day celebration - School Children Awareness - Minneriya Scheme
Further confirmations will be done.
5.10 In terms of the Elections (Special Provisions) Act No. 14 of 2014 prior to the issue of a ballot paper at the polling station, the voter has to be identified through the National Identity Card.
Security services had been obtained from a private security service
Major Bridges Construction Project of the National Road Network
1.5.1 Internal Control over the preparation of financial statements
Before 15th November
Foreign education programs (Divisional Secretariat - Ambalangoda, Bope Poddala)
Month
Provisions for Gratuity (15)
Justices of the Peace and Unofficial Magistrates
Land and Housing Project
(6) Total of Reimbursement Claims made during the year 2018, in respect of year 2018
Click here to download the application for training workshops.
Objectives of conducting Sports Diploma Course
02. It has been decided by the Government to pay a Special Advance of an amount not  exceeding Rs.4000/- for the year 2015, as per the provisions of the said circular subject to the substitution of year 2014 for year 2006 in para 03 of the said circular and substitution of year 2015 for year 2007 in all places where it is mentioned.
But the rural farming community has low facilities to pursue their education, personal and professional development.
(a) Assessment taxes of Rupees 2,827,256 was due from 1556 assessment units of the area of authority of the Council as at 31 December of the year under review and action had not been taken to recover the outstanding assessments in terms of Rules 33-37 of the Pradeshiya Sabha (Financial and Administration) Rules, 1988.
Sustainable development goals and key performance indicators had been used while preparing the annual development plan of 2019.
(iii) It was revealed at the physical examination carried out on 19 July 2018 that the detergents and the sanitation equipment had not been given to the employees who were deployed in the solid waste management activities in the year under review.
7. Eheliyagoda
The key management personnel of the Group are the members of the Board of Directors.
Chief Accountant/ Director (Finance)/ Commissioner (Finance)
These services and information were provided with the assistance of the Head Office, Regional Offices, Field Officers and Nursery Managers.
This data has been used for district level issuance by head offices and for setting national level price indexes.
09-4 Maintenance Expenses
Textile Industry Development Division
These sports schools have been established on the concept of Sports School Academies of foreign countries and only 17 of these schools are now at operational level.
Construction of a Food Court
Main Bund Construction 20% completed.
Clerk and Associated Grades
If you are evacuating to a local shelter, follow the directions.
1. Non-Governmental Organizations Registration and Investigation Division
T. P. - 011 2865942
Rs. 1,687,939.00
The Government Analyst's Department consists of two main divisions, the Forensic Science Division and the Food Science Division, and is the only forensic laboratory in Sri Lanka.
Best Programme Presenter of the Year
24th December - Tower Hall Theatre
Remuneration and Other Short-Term Employee Benefits
(ii) Failure to furnish schedules along with financial statements.
04. Training Programme for Court Clerks
30. Trade and Other Payables
The following commercial activities were performed on the requests made by Government and other organizations including public requirements.
Forensic Miscellaneous Section
Physical Progress: 50%
Granted from operating activities
28. Sound Operator Assistant
For Food
Audits
Food Department provided store facilities for 35,000 MT of rice imported by the CWE and the Department of Co-operative Development at its warehouses.
The National Building Research Institute has prepared 7 packages for slope stabilization of 19 landslide prone schools in the Kandy District and one of them has been awarded to Dharmaraja College for slope stabilisation in Kandy.
Annual publication revenue
Figure – 06
There were people who nourished the functioning of the Department with their commitment and attitudes while some worked to undermine the functioning of the Department and tarnish the name of the Department maliciously to prevent its success, and I wish to pay my gratitude to the staff who gave me strength with their support and commitment to make the functioning of the department successful without being hindered by harsh efforts.
Receivable Position
Accordingly, the Elections Commissioner has provided this facility to those who had been displaced from the Northern and Eastern areas due to terrorist activities and were residing in other parts of the country.
Setting up of Transfer Committees
Internal Audit Examinations on 17 Divisional Secretariats out of 19 Divisional Secretaries affiliated to the District Secretariat, Galle had already conducted in the year 2015.
The International Women‟s Day was commemorated by the LAC Center Hatton by holding three programmes in Hatton.
Message from the Hon. Minister of Sports
The Audit Committee will also prepare the report to be included in the Annual Report.
Central /Southern / North Western 9%
Land Title Settlement Department has started the Title Registration besides the Land Settlement procedure which is related to the Department under Title Registration Act No 21 of 1998.
Temporary passports and documents issued to foreign diplomatic missions are as follows.
Preparing all short extracts outlined in upper and lower areas of the letter in trilingual
J. Dadallage
DGM (Corporate affairs)
Rajamalwatta Avenue,
Northern Provincial Public Administration Circular No. NP/02/2009(07)
Rs. 603 Mn has been invested by the industrialists.
Length (Km): 17.58
Substation Improvement
Thambalagamuwa
3. Number of Cases Closed
Maximum provisions up to Rs. 80,000.00 have been given to implement one project into one district altogether 25 pilot projects under drug preventive and rehabilitation community project in the year 2015.
The renovations and constructions costing over Rs.50,000.00 each which were carried out by the Department are as follows.
Amendments to liabilities
Non-current assets
Deputy Director General (Finance Manager)
Mr. S.Rahulan
Allocations were made for the Relief Counter at the Kilinochchi District Secretariat.
Not recognizing longstanding methodology in connection with disposal of garbage
Animal Category
Once registered, the respective holding will be given a registration certificate carrying an unique identification number.
(vi) Understatements of revenue.
II. with preferences marked for more than three candidates
Hambantota International Center Road and Fly Development Project
The payment was not deleted from the Ledger Accounts.
Annual Performance Report 2014
Divisional Secretariat - Weligama, Matara
Building expenses
Enhancing the healthiness of dairy farms
Number of General Public Participated
Liabilities payable after one year from the Balance Sheet date are treated as non-current liabilities in the Balance Sheet.
Steps have been taken to prepare all street name boards in trilingual that are available within Municipal limit.
6.4 Legal Aid Commission
They provided solutions too.
Coordinating development aid group discussions and foreign aid meetings
Therefore corresponding Revenue Codes for such years should be decided correctly to ensure that the correct revenue figures have been presented under the respective code.
E. M. I. C. K. Werapitiya
Sound Operator
Provisions issued under the Budget Support Services and Emergency Needs Liability Expenditure of the National Budget Department to other Expenditure Heads during the year - Capital Expenditure
(a) A house had been leased by the Project for the residential purpose of the Additional Project Director in November 2018 and an advance of Rs. 100,000 had  been made thereon.
Definitions:
Public Administration Circular: 12/2013
To achieve the above objectives, the Department of Prisons currently operates in 03 Closed Prisons, 20 Remand Prisons, 10 Work Camps, 02 Open Prisons, 02 Correction Centres for Young Offenders, and 01 Prison School.
The daily wage paid to employees working on casual/ daily wages basis should also be revised annually from 01.01.2016 to 01.01.2020 on which this circular is fully operational.
Distribution Division
However, the Board had not taken this UNT adjustment into their accounts
1.2 The Basis of Preparation
R. Premadasa Cricket Stadium
Kurunegala Pradeshiya Sabha
Budgetary Allocation and Actual Expenditure for year 2013 & 2014
In addition, 15 packages are awarded as National Shopping (NS) packages amounting to Rs 55.9 Million.
Uninterrupted projects
Copy the security code.
Kurunegala Road,Vila Katupotha, Variyapola
Who is the training for?
25. Control Room Assistant
Athula Priyantha Bellana
During the year 2014, the department prepared observations to 399 Cabinet Memoranda for the Hon. Minister of Finance and Planning.
(a) According to Section 8.3.9 of the Public Enterprises Circular No. PED/12 of 2 June 2003 on Public Enterprises Guidelines on Good Governance, the resource of the Board should not be deployed for use by the line Ministry or any other Government institution.
Preliminary Draft of the Green Procurement Policy and Guidelines were prepared
Granting the field activity allowance paid to the officers of Sri Lanka Engineering Service, which was declared as per the budget proposals 2012, for officers of Sri Lanka Architectural Service engaged in the public service
However, the Board of Directors of the Company has taken a decision that the PAYE tax arising from the payment of bonus would be borne by the company on behalf of its employees.
Mr. Vijaya Dissanayake
Sethsiripaya (Stage II),
Associated Services
An amount of Rs. 310.21 million (Rs. 56.58 million from the GOSL Fund and Rs. 253.63 million from the Zoo Development Fund) was spent on these development activities in 2014.
Amount of deeds issued
Advised the Central Bank of Sri Lanka to make other payments, including repayment installments due under the debt agreement in 2014.
P. T. O.
Tamil cultural festival was also conducted in Polonnaruwa and Badulla Districts and over 365 members of public participated.
Total
During this week, developing essential infrastructure facilities were carried out with support from communities in Preschools, Children’s Parks, Elders Homes, Day Care Centres, as well as improving sanitary facilities, reconstructions of Community Halls, Bridges, Roads and School buildings and enhancing water supply facilities.
(l) The stamp duty revenue of Rs. 2,500,000 relevant to the year 2015 had been stated as the revenue of the year under review.
4.3 Training programmes conducted with the donations of People's Bank
Executive Staff
Vessels
Tables - 20
The Language Association's friendship camp and active Shramadana was conducted by the Mallika Language Association of Ruwanwella.
Improve the professional skills of persons with disabilities and make them independent citizens
Conduct Budget discussions with relevant Ministries
Head of Finance
Thambuththegama
200 meters synthetic running track
Land Development
This enabled the people to save time and energy.
Instalment
(a) As per the Operating Instructions of the Project, the Project Management Unit should issue the Eligibility Clearance for an E-Friends II sub-loan within one month of the receipt of the completed application documents at the Project Management Unit and on receipt of the Project Clearance, the Participating Credit Institutions (PCI ) could proceed with the appraisal of the Project.
The Department carried out 6 programmes in line with 2014 Deyata kirula National Development Exhibition with the intention of contributing national development process.
1 C Schools
SLAS
6. Construction of new road and rehabilitation in protected area
Mrs. R. Y. G. Gunawathi
Achieve excellence in creative content and dissemination of timely and valued, educational, entertaining and informative programmes through dedicated team work and state-of-the-art technology to exceed the expectation of Sri Lankans everywhere.
Reconciliation Statement of the Summary of classification of Individual balances with Control Account balance
Loan Re-Payment
2019 Estimate
Through the National Dangerous Drugs Control Board, activities such as the revision of the national policy on the prevention and control of the misuse of dangerous drugs, engagement in drugs prevention measures extending assistance to various institutions and Departments to curb and control the improper use of the drugs, promotion of the methods of treatment and rehabilitation activities, conducting the field research studies and maintenance of databases are carried out.
Materials Laboratory identified the reasons for it and developed a cleaning solution to remove stains and prevent recurrence.
Dear Sir,
Action will be taken to submit the above redevelopment plans to the government to be incorporated in the 2012 budget.
By the end of the year 2013, this plant has generated 827 GWh.
Law reform to respond to societal needs in keeping with global advancements and the aspirations of the people.
Thanuja Dineshika
5.2.6 Details of Revenue Collection
4.4 Physical Resources Management (Fixed Assets)
Financial Assets and Liabilities: Carrying Amount 6 Months or Less 6-12 Months More than 1 Year
From January to audit date
The progress of the passage of new Bills and Acts (Amendment) by the Legal Division as at 31.12.2014 is as follows.
Wariyapola Area Office won first place at the 5S competition.
02. The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals No 05 of 2030 to which Sri Lanka too is a party, addresses gender equality and empowerment of all women and children.
(ii) Balances of advances Incorrectly shown.
Celltel Grants
The requirement of Uniforms for the Armed Forces, Police Department, Special Task Force, Civil Defense Department, Prisons Department, and National Cadet Corps
(e) the financial covenants laid down in the Loan Agreement had been complied with.
Action should be taken to rectify in right time.
My Number: EST-7/LEAVE/03/3451
“Palath Neguma” Programme 2014
4.8.4. Introduction of a code of ethics for the candidates.
Acquiring lands is being implemented for the displacement of existing prisons for the years ahead in  Negombo, Galle and Batticaloa.
Modernizing the BIA and expanding its capacity to cater to handle passenger volume over 12 million by 2016.
The Institute had not taken action against the officers responsible for leaving the bus to decay without taking action to repair it.
Motor Vehicles
xii. To expedite disciplinary action against police officers
2. Prescription Special Provisions (Amended) Bill
Circulars 07
Arrangements for sittings and schedule of applications.
Date: 19th May 2014
The details of the programmes carried out in 2014 as follows.
Diagram 3. Provision of Financial assistance over a death of a war hero or any other disaster.
Hemamali Mawatha, Kandy, Sri Lanka
Purchased 1129 uniform materials
Number of Names removed due to Bribery offences
Training for Prison Guards
Special Graphics and Animation
Advance account B
Even though the repair works had been commenced to provide accommodation to the officers participating in the Deyata Kirula Exhibition 2012, the expected objective had not been achieved.
Acquisition of Capital Assets
Further, the Project had granted extensions for 287 days to complete the works under contract due the additional activities.
The Future
3.7 Irregular Transactions
Maha Baratham - 100 Copies
Internal research and development projects and internal capacity building
extension 300
Duplicates
Stadium Assistant
No. of Judges
Crematoriums
According to the Loan Agreement of the Project, the Ministry of Water Supply and Drainage, presently the Ministry of Urban Development, Water Supply and Housing Facilities, is the Executing Agency and the National Water Supply and Drainage Board is the Implementing Agency of the Project.
This document will be established within Ministries, from the ground level to the national level and it contains the strategic plans and policy solutions relevant to the efficient and productive implementation of Official Language Policy in the respective institutions.
(8.2) Depreciation
Lease rental receivable for the quarry land situated at Aruwakkalu, Puttalam which has been leased to Holcim Lanka Limited was bonded and a loan was obtained from the Bank of Ceylon to repay the amount of US $ 300,000 / - due to be paid to Aital International according to the terms of the Treasury.
(b) Internal control procedure had not been followed so as to review or carry out technical audit whether action had been taken with proper responsibilities and transparency by the officers who were received and supervised the security bonds for which the service providers applied requesting payments on the basis of unsuccessful contracts.
The coordination meeting of Language Associations in Kuruwita was held on 12.09.2014
Mr. K. T. L. Weerasinghe
Dayata Kirula Development program
Part 1 - 0.10%
9.1.3. By the letter No. DMS / 1014 dated 11.05.2015, the Director General of Management Services Department of Ministry of Finance approved one post of Director (Research and Planning) of Class I of Sri Lanka Planning Service and one post of Assistant / Deputy Director, Class III/ II of the Sri Lanka Planning Service, to the Department of Elections.
Other payables
Botany
Nividu Assupinella (Pvt) Ltd
The experiment was initiated in Yala 2013 and will be continued until Yala 2015.
The areas that come under each of the 4 divisions are as follows.
Subsequent to initial recognition,  loans and receivables  are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment.
Board Member
Mrs. A.R.Wicramasinghe
It is located close to the railway crossing on the Nittambuwa - Katunayake highway and at Bandaranayake Mawatha about 50 meters towards the road leading to the Veyangoda weekly fair.
North Central 4,100 9.1 1100 10.0
The bidding process began in late 2013.
Buildings renovated during the period from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015
Thelambuyaya Vocational Training Institute
Sri Lanka’s export to Pakistan which was at USD 39 million in 2004 has increased to USD 74.25 million in 2014.
7. Assistance and Protection of Crime Victims and Witnesses Bill
Compatibility Statement under Financial Regulations 503(1)
Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka
The other one (Ambewela) is due to be completed by the end of the year 2015.
An unidentified balance of Rs. 3,346 according to the Bank Statement as at 31 December 2011 had been treated as an error in writing the cash book and adjusted to the cash book balance and the Accumulated Deficits and Surpluses Account as at 31 December 2012.
This is not an estimated expense.
BOC- Skill Dev. Project
Weerakesari
Eco-friendly land use techniques have been adopted to prevent soil infertility and improve soil fertility, especially in estates managed by the National Livestock Development Board.
Operating Lease Commitments
Mr. K.I.D.P. Kularathne was appointed as Working Director of Ceylon Electricity Board on 01.03.2013.
2. State Corporations/ Statutory Boards
Regional Cooperation Programs for Small and Medium Enterprises
Work Completed
4.4 Annual Reports
Collecting of revenue of the year 2015
Information such as vehicle type, vehicle registration number, rent value and period, assigned officers, etc. should be recorded appropriately and provided to the Comptroller General's office.
Reconstruction of Playground
Necessary steps will be taken to expedite the work.
Pollens were partially sterilized (80%) in variety at 06-631 at 37.8Co of canopy level temperature with 45% RH at heading.
Message of District secretary/Govt. Agent
Koraleipattu
Establishment of Disaster Response Teams at the school level
With reference to these programmes, approval was given to implement all district level 1 projects on June 2006.
Dentl - Dental surgeons
According to the Sri Lanka Customs data, in 2014, Sri Lanka has exported USD 51.78 million worth of goods to Pakistan under the Pakistan Sri Lanka Free Trade Agreement (PSFTA).
2.2.2 Variation of storage at district wise during Maha 2014/15
Coordination with Line Ministries and Development Partners to obtain the necessary funding facilities for the development projects and programmes that are to be implemented as government development initiatives
As part of an audit in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards, I exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
Annual estimate
Accountants and Management Assistants of the District Secretariat and the Divisional Secretariat
When  preparing  the  financial  statements,   Management  undertakes  a  number  of  judgments,  estimates  and assumptions about the recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
06. Training Program on Commodity Survey
Sri Lanka has already attained the development skills in this regard and I hope all the necessary contiguous distinction would be accomplished in the near future.
Wattala
Rupavahini Volleball.
Matters relating to labour tribunals
Internal Auditing
Up to 31st of December 55 five-days workshops have been conducted and 2250 mediators have been trained.
Annex 04
P.M.A.S. (Supra)
Electoral District No. 05 - Matale
SN: 10.
President’s House Gardens, Kandy
However, the design works had not been completed even as at 31 December 2017.
P. S. No. 2014/311 Third Instalment - Part III - Funds - Report of the Auditor General 2012
Rs. 1,000,000.00
4.2. The Eighth Session on Joint Committee for Economic & Technical Cooperation between Iraq and Sri Lanka
Amount agreed for financing in the grant agreement
Mr. Sarath Manamendra - Nawa Sihala Urumaya
Pilisaru program
(c) Security deposits had not been obtained in connection with certain debtors' balances.
The shortcomings of constructions should be rectified.
Contract No.: C15
Koralai Pattu West
Guideline 6.2.2 765,868 Minimum period of competitive bidding time had not been maintained.
Sri Lanka Navy Dockyard
Note (iv) - (b)
1. Significant accounting policies
(50% of clearing of the road way for the electric fence has been completed.)
Make-up Unit
No.: 04.
Accordingly, Rs.95 billion has been considered by increasing the approved expenditure limit of Schedule 01 from Rs.1,598 billion to Rs.1,693 billion.
Engineer Assistant / Draftsman
1.4 Auditor’s Responsibility
Even though the resources of public corporations and boards should not be taken for the activities of the line ministry, on the contrary, a cab purchased by the corporation for Rs. 4,800,000 has been deployed for the work of the Line Ministry.
Cash flow through the operating process
(Payments)
Rehabilitation and improvement of capital assets
Financial Leasing Management
Assistant Director of Commerce
ii. Housing Loans
To issue instructions to the officers as applicable
Wealth-seeking money-hungry wealthy Veddas relentlessly minimize and finally eradicate the vicious environmental danger that threatens the country.
Furniture purchased for the Wildlife Sanctuary
06. Work Assessment for each position in order to perform the tasks mentioned in the Action Plan
Finance leases
DGM (Energy Sales)
Programs and Performance Report
Floriculture and Research Division
Mr. W. W. Mahinda Deshapriya
Differences in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the Company by my detailed reports issued to the Chairman of the Company.
January 31, 2016
I. ballot papers with only one valid preference
Actual Expenditure Rs.23,912,218.03
The National Productivity Awards Ceremony pertinent to the year 2014 was held in the year 2015.
Grants
Setting up an Engineering Unit for the Police Department
Construction of 41,000 housing units in the North
With the concept of Crown to Nation, an exhibition was taken place from 21st January to 2nd February 2014 in Vayamba University, Kurunagala.
5.1.2. Internal Audit
Social Development Institute
Nugedolawattha Ranaviru Village
(e) A sum of Rs.225,000 had been paid to a private tourist hotel for a workshop conducted on 07 November 2012.
V. Director, Financial Management Efficiency Project
With the flexibility in the entry requirements and choice of courses the Institute demonstrates that it is possible to impart quality higher education using modern information communication technologies to learners of the agricultural communities of poor rural sectors to pursue education at a pace and place convenient to them and realize their academic, professional and social aspirations.
Note - 14 Capacity development
First and second stages of the Census have been completed in 2013 and third and fourth stages have been completed in the year 2014 covering all GS divisions of the district effectively.
Thermal Plants
Mr. Wimal Rubasinghe (From 08.02.212 to 05.07.2012)
The table below shows the training opportunities available to the Government of Sri Lanka from January 1 to December 31, 2014.
The contribution of the senior officials of the Ministry and the Police Department, as well as the guidance of the experts of the field like Professor Gunapala Nanayakkara, were garnered for the committee set up as such.
Strategies
Maintaining daily, monthly and annual accounts properly adhering to Financial Regulations, laws and circular instructions for managing expenditure authorized by the Annual Appropriation Bill.
L. A. Indika Liyanarachchi
Workshop to sensitize Member States to the Integrated Nuclear Security Support Plan (INSSP) Concept
2.1 Opinion
The Sabha had followed 39 bylaws made through the Gazette Extraordinary, No. 520/7, dated 23 August 1988 of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka in terms of Section 126 of the Pradeshiya Sabhas Act, and 12 bylaws made by the Provincial Council whilst 01 bylaw had been imposed by the Sabha.
Co.43
Guideline Book for Administration of Hindu Temples
Pumping Station
Mid-term Project Review and Coordination Meeting
Medicinal plant Garden, Ganewaththa
By means of openness in dealing with environmental issues, we intend to create confidence in our activities on the part of the public, customers, authorities, employees, and owners.
The workshop, which was organized by the National Herbarium in collaboration with the Ministry of Environment, Sri Lanka, and the Biodiversity Secretariat, was conducted by Prof. Martina Weber of the Department of Structural Botany, University of Vienna.
Therefore revaluation had not been done to evaluate the present value of the buildings.
However, the corporation, which had once been the only leading producer and marketer of cement in the island, has at present totally ceased production and limited itself to importing cement.
Maintaining and monitoring public finances in accordance with the Government Financial Regulations, Provisions of the Establishments Code, Circulars issued by Government Offices and Ministries
Mr. Delin Singho
Best Tamil News Reader
(1) Provision in Estimates - 2018 under Reimbursable Foreign Aid including Supplementary provisions
Number of vacancies as on 31/12/2013
Mahasiyabalangamuwa
02.The Institutional Structure of the Ministry of National Co-existence, Dialogue and Official Languages
Accordingly, action was taken to publish the list of parties for the year 2015 in the Extraordinary Gazette No. 1899/46 of 31.01.2015.
Revenue Code
1. Senior level
MA Tech Segment - 3
The above divisions and units are functioning to carry out the main functions to be performed by the Attorney General's Department; and the Establishment Division and the Accounts Division have been established to conduct the administrative activities of the Attorney General's Department.
The Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration was established by the Gazette Extraordinary No.1681/03 dated 22.11.2010 with the prime objective of formulating policies, programmes and strategies focusing on the implementation of a National Languages Policy.
(such minus balances (deficits) can be shown when other Ministries/Departments make payments in cash to settle expenses incurred under relevant expenditure heads)
Languages Training programmes which have been commenced in 2012 and 2013 also are included in these figures.
Mrs.  Dilini Mudalige
Maintenance of a very high resolution rate in regard to petty complaints every year
Sixth instalment
2.1. Filling up of Vacancies and Creating New Positions
Monthly, quarterly and annual evaluation, monitoring and supervision of the implementation of projects and programs in the Action Plan
Mulatiyana
The importance of energy conservation is also advertised through posters, handbills, etc.
09. You may contact the Chief Accountant of this Ministry (Telephone: 011 2484535) for any clarification on this circular.
(i) Public Enterprises Circular No. 35 of 17 January 2006 and No. 37 of 19 April 2006
Ayurvedic Hospital - Magalla
Hawaii
Net Effect Saving (Excess)(4-5)
3.3 Whenever the option is exercised for insurance schemes with more benefits, the contributor shall be entitled to the benefits of the scheme under previous contribution until the lapse of 03 months from the date of recovery of first instalment.
Based on commitment thus identified, the value of goods and services procured and the certified quantum of work completed should be recorded as liabilities.
(a) Out of the rates and taxes and acreage tax receivable amounting to Rs. 24,727,685 as at 31 December of the year under review,  Rs. 12,116,119 had been in arrears for over 03 years.
Notes 06
Katana
(d) The accounting policy applied for provision of debt is disclosed in section 3.11.1 of the accounting policies section of the annual report.
The agreement between the Board and the relevant company was expired at present.
2.5) In order to enhance the productivity of a unit of water, farmers in INMAS schemes have been encouraged to use of rain water for land preparations the result of that, it was able to use rain water for land preparation in 52,715 ha.
The participants are levied only a nominal sum to cover the core expenses like hall charges - preparation of literature and covering allowances for external speakers.
Meeting No.
F2 generation Seventeen (17) selected populations with better agronomic traits were advanced for field evaluation.
Conservation education and interpretation
Watershed Health Risk Assessments and Management,
Development activities of the Ministry are planned by this Division.
09. Micro Finance Bill LDO 32/ 2012
April- May
According to the above table, 5,400 participants have been trained through the 180 classes in 2014.
Backward isolated village development projects, women improvement programmes and maternal and childcare nutrition programmes had been implemented with the objective of eradicating poverty.
Consolidated  Statement of Comprehensive Income
Field Workshop on Wildlife Resources Conservation
One of the key activities of the Task Force is to develop an annual Action Plan.
"Gliricedia", "Gansuria", "Ipil-Ipil" and "Kilawaya" tree stems were tested as cost-effective alternative poles for training grapes.
Summary
Betal cultivation
Over the past several decades, the country has enjoyed concessional financing from multilateral financial agencies such as the International Development Association (IDA) of the World Bank, the Asian Development Bank (ADB), International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), OPEC Fund for International Development (OFID), European Investment Bank (EIB) and bilateral development partners such as Japan, South Korea, France, Austria, Germany, Denmark, the United Kingdom, Australia, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, the Netherlands, Sweden, China, and India.
The payment of resource persons and other expenses are provided by the Institute.
3.Udapalatha
Renovated 32 Regional Banks spending Rs.9 Million in the North Western Province with the view to developing physical resources of regional banks.
Botanic Garden Trust Fund
Sri Lanka Health Staff Development Services Co-operative Ltd.
4. OBSCENE PUBLICATIONS BILL
Issued capital
Programmes conducted in collaboration with The National Language Project
To build up a board of trained personnel equipped to undertake the teaching of languages
Internal transfers
Water Supply, Sanitation and Waste Management
22nd May 01 Day
Financial & other write offs
(15) Provisions for Gratuity
(a) Reversal of Impairment Provision
Foreign Projects Sections
The Sri Lanka National Institute of Design is committed to producing young designers who are well-qualified to apply for local and foreign job opportunities, with a good understanding of the shortage of talented, professional designers locally.
However, action had not been taken to conduct the assessment and prepare the time bound plan thereon.
LBS
Sri Lanka Export Development Board (SLEDB)
Leaving the post
Our aim is to build a strong program and share it with the youth of the country and empower them to contribute to the well-being of the country as well as its future prosperity.
Source – Sri Lanka Police
The Treasury Accounting Statements including transactions of the summary of accounts in December 2015 will be released through the Treasury Website http/www.treasury.gov.lk Government Accounts Web Page.
Gender
Welioya
Survey activities were carried out in the year 2014 in selected Grama Niladhari Divisions at Divisional Secretariat level.
Lessee shall recognize the finance leases as assets and liabilities in their statement of financial position at amounts equal to the fair value of the leased property or, if lower, the present value of the minimum lease payments.
Creating a prosperous village complete with necessary resources
Transactions without Adequate Authority
Installation of the overhead electricity power lines
Warakapola
Those standards require that I comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements.
Principal Systems / Software Engineers
02. Preamble
Granting approval for felling trees
2.5 Legal Affairs of the Department of Co-operative Development
A024 Matara – Godagama:
Booking Kataragama circuit bungalow
07. National Secretariat for Non-Governmental Organizations
Counseling Psychology Course
Gnanodaya Navodya School, Kalutara
Estimated Revenue, Billed Revenue, Collected Revenue, and the Arrears of Revenue
(Must be duly completed and submitted on or before 16.01.2017.)
Annual Sealing Activities
As the initial step, 550 hectares were targeted for rubber cultivation in the year 2012 and 137.5 hectares were cultivated with rubber by the end of the year.
Thinnavely white
We will develop the future generation of diversified media and markets.
Permanent elephant-human conflict between wild elephants and villagers due to illegal deforestation in the natural forest
Ports and Highways
Share of Ranaviru Sewa Authority
Yala
According to the Nomination Notice the District Secretary of each administrative district received the nominations for each electoral district as the District Returning Officer and the District Secretary of Jaffna and District Secretary of Vavuniya received the nominations for Jaffna electoral district, which consists of two administrative districts (Jaffna and Kilinochchi) and for Vanni electoral district, which consists of three administrative districts (Vavuniya, Mannar and Mullaitive) respectively.
Deputy / Assistant Director (Planning)
Uva Paranagama
Job Category
(a) From the Officers transferred to other government Ministry/ Department
If any necessity arises in the future to include educational qualifications mentioned in the Circulars cancelled as above into a Service Minute or a Scheme of Recruitment relevant to a particular post,further action can be taken either by the Appointing Authority or the Administrative Authority to obtain recommendations from the Ministry of Higher Education and in consultation with relevant authorities.
Total expenditure made for that was Rs. 0.570 million.
The project supports the Ministry in ensuring that citizens have access to public information and services in the official language of their choice.
(e) Understatement of write offs of over provisions of creditors amounting to Rupees 440,999 relating to the preceding year had not been rectified even during the year under review.
From Internal Auditor to Chief Accountant
Though the Director General of Customs stated that action will be taken to rectify that in the subsequent year, no action had been taken even during the year 2012 to settle the matter.
Advance Account (Trade)
Issue of Treasury Accounting Statement for December 2017
Department of Government Information
Preparation and publication of relevant agreements and terms of the new agreements reached in 2014
This programme was started in 2012 and it has set up 2428 Language Associations Island wide up to now.
(2) Total Expenditure disbursed during the year 2018, against (1) above
This division was established in the year 2010 at the Court Building at Pelawatta, Battaramulla with the objective of training non-judicial officers serving at Courts.
(b) Establishment of the Reward Fund under the Tobacco Tax Act
(iii) Total loss of sense of taste
Reperesenting the Committee on on Public Enterprises (COPE)
The reasons such as shortage of labour force and poor performance of the contractor on manual fabrication works of Treatment Units etc. had caused delays in the implementation of the works under the respective component.
Mr. M. G. Tillekeratne
Non - compliance with the major requirements
Senior Assistant Director (Space Technology)
Rent - Yala & Horton Plains
Sri Lanka Police
Procurement of Foreign Programme
Network Control Telescope Project
Prepayments
Number of Sub Stations
As At 01 April 2011
Wednesday, 16 December 2009, 09:37
The building of 2,231 square feet situated in the premises of Tangalla Vipula Mandira had been used by the Presidential Security Division over a period of several years and rent had not been recovered in that regard.
SN: 07.
Sri Lanka Federation of Thrift and Credit Co-operative Societies Ltd.
3.18 Events after the Balance Sheet Date
Fixed Deposit Interest
Air Navigation
The unutilized money of the Fund had been brought forward from year to year as Treasury deposits.
The Sri Lanka delegation made the following proposals at the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the two countries.
(b) A fixed deposit had been opened on  25th April 2012 by obtaining a sum of Rs. 1,000,000 from the savings account of the Gratuity Fund.
Distribution of Foreign Compensation.
Implementation of the 2014 Budget Proposal
Actions should be taken to assess the value and include it in accounts.
5.3 Process of Development Activities
Nevertheless a sum of Rs. 9,113,280 had been spent in the year under review for the display of the Brand Name of the Board in the websites.
Progress Report 2016
This report represents the comments and observations I have made that I believe should be published with the Annual Report of the Company.
4.4 In accordance with the notice issued on 21.11.2014 on the election under Section 2 of the Presidential Elections Act and under the Article 23 (2) of the respective Act, postal voting facilities had to be provided to the public officers involved in the election duties.
Close supervision is needed on the activities implemented by the Promoter Company/ Banks.
09. Chairman - Sri Lanka Free Trade Union
To enable people with disabilities to participate effectively in a free society
1. Man/Iluppaikkadavai R.C.T. School
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Project’s financial reporting process.
Total 2010
Local Funds Related to Foreign Aid
Divisional Secretariat - Akmeemana
The primary responsibility of the Corporation is to ensure the reopening of the Kankesan Cement plant.
Since the beneficiaries of the fund allocation are the people of the districts, the calculated scores above have been given weight according to the population of each district.
10. Purchasing dancing items for distribution among Ranaviru villages
Allocation Rs.
(iii) Since the information about the sailing done for the training of the students had not been maintained by the Training Division, the correctness of those could not be verified.
Vehicle Emission Testing program review and Evaluation
45 Sri Lanka Printers’ Co-operative Society Ltd 14
The basis of opinion and scope and limitations of the audit are as stated above.
Services of judges at the All Island Student Skills programme
C 2651
Katugastota warehouse
C 503
The Project which commenced in February 2008 is scheduled to be completed by July 2014.
Actual Expenditure (Rs.)
Allocation (Rupees)
At the Auditorium of Anamaduwa Divisional Secretariat
4.1. Action Plan
Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:
Matale Theru Festival
Arrears before the previous year
5.3 Apportionment of Funds between Provinces
The network of communication through which the messages dispatched to the Police Headquarters via Virtual Private Network (VPN) are made available to regional offices instantly was further strengthened.
Sri Lanka Energies (Pvt.) Ltd.
Funds, Investments, Income Charges and other fees charged under the Public Trustee Ordinance relating to Legacies and Trusts assigned to the Public Trustee Department are referred to the Treasury as follows.
Curable Palsy
Cost Paid Bulk Supplies
15 Skill Development training workshop for Drivers Drivers
Keeping records of animals’ pedigree and performance for breeding purposes
Mohomed Mujibur Rahuman
Mr. P. Roshan Sampath
Dried chilli
No. of eligible Applications
Accordingly, Social Integration Week which includes several programmes such as social welfare, education, art, and cultural was carried out island-wide from 14th July to 20th July 2014 under the theme of “Education for Social Integration”.
STAFF OFFICERS
SLPA should take prompt action to increase the turnover by enhancing the productivity and efficiency of operational activities with improved infrastructure and other facilities.
It was started in 1989 and completed in 2014.
Presently she is attached to the development section of the Ministry of Rural Economic Affairs as a Director–Development, actively involved in Development Projects.
Salary mentioned under 3 (b) of the Salary Conversion Letter applicable as at 01.01.2017
7.4.1 Staff of the Special Task Force
Electoral District No. 04
Physical Progress: 23%
District precentage
Lot A_2 is the augmentation of existing Grid Substations at Habarana, Puttalam, Panadura & Matara and Construction of new Grid Substations at Maho, Naula & Pallekele.
A budget for the year under review had not been prepared.
4.3.1. Progress of the Development Activities
Advisory Committee Activities
A feasibility study was conducted for big onion mother bulb production during the off-seasons.
Salary and wages control
Basis of payment of retiring gratuity for employees who joined before 05th of June 2008 under the company's scheme is as follows.
Expense Description by Project
Additional Secretary, Ministry of Industry and Commerce
Work of printing the road map in Tamil is in the final stage.
Loss this year (2009)
Employee’s Trust Fund Board
Table 07: Visitor Arrivals  and visitors categories of Dehiwala and Pinnawala Zoos
250 Advanced Level students and teachers from Vavuniya, 175 from Kilinochchi and 175 from Mullaitivu participated in these seminars.
Land surveying and laying of boundary stones for the Ceylon Electricity Board
Basic knowledge on Computer Technology
Purchase of vehicles
Samurdhi Commissioner General's Department
In the second day evening programme, Hon.D.M.Jeyaratne ,the Prime Minister of Government of Republic Socialist of Sri Lanka and also Secretary to the Ministry of Buddhasasana and Religious Affairs participated as the Chief Guest and released research book and cassette.
13.2 Welfare of the Staff
4. Department of Community Based Corrections
It was agreed to pay the lease rental of the U.S.$. 585,000 per month for the first 72 months and U.S.$. 485,000 per month for each month of the rest of the time.
Note (10) - Cost of sales - Rs.
For projects selected at the village level, recommendations are made by a village committee consisting of religious leaders, representatives of all active community based organisations, people's representatives and village level field officers.
5.1.1. Training Programmes
E-mail: fortrade@doc.gov.lk
Ganethi Dayarathne
3.4.4 Annual Boards of Survey of Goods/ Stocks
Issuing of Loudspeaker Equipment
Kreeda Visithuru,
Fax No:  011 – 2186109
Submission of Public Sector Cadre Information to the Cabinet of Ministers
Procurement of programme material - foreign
Polpithigama Pradeshiya Sabha
Stores Price Variance
Better management in the field of livestock
(Excess)
The entire wording of Section 2.5 of the circular is as follows.
04 schools were selected from difficult areas of the district and a series of workshops was conducted for which more than 3000 students participated.
Compared to the National Drinking Water Supply Scheme which is 43.5%, the Monaragala district's pipe-borne water coverage covers only 20%.
Negative Lists before 20% reduction
50 Motor bikes  were distributed  among  50 Prison Officers on  03.09.2014 at the Prisons Headquarters.
4. Transport Management Construction
Kandy District Committee Meeting on 18.07/2011
No of Days
VII. Costing Program
An outdoor switchyard, 36.5 m wide and 130 m long, located at Niyamgamdora, to connect the Power House to a 220 kV double circuit transmission line.
05 .Summary of Financial Progress
Schedule 01- Investments
Repairing the office building - Seeduwa
Revenue 2019 (Rs. Million)
By cross notes
Circulars 04
Balance as at 31 March 2012
Lands are acquired by the Ministry of Highways as per the Land Acquisition Act No. 09 in 1950 and that is an important sector in the development of the country.
Awarding certificates and diplomas to successful candidates who complete those trainings and education
As a Percentage of the Total Orders (%)
DVDs -  87
(b) Owing to the financial situation of the Authority, settling creditor balances has to be delayed and more time is needed to settle these amounts.
4.3 Revenue Accounts
Profit / (Loss)
Source - Sri Lanka Police
From the inception in 2012, the parent company incurred a printing cost of Rs 3,706,625.00 and capital expenditure of Rs 1,548,296.66 on behalf of the subsidiary
Completed No.
13.2 Debtors - Employee
Divisional Secretariat, Nochchiyagama
Mobile Services for providing Civic Documentations
Other allowances paid with salary (1003 not subject to expenditure)
Accounting Officer
To achieve the above, this Department has been organized into a structure with the following 05 main divisions.
Central Government
Action had not been taken to recover lease rent amounting to Rs. 446,946 recoverable during the period from the year 2011 to 2016.
Prajashakthi Tharuna Abhiwurdi Co-operative Society Ltd.
Note (16) - The Sri Lankan Rupee was used as the currency to make this report.
The total expenditure recorded for 2014 was Rs. 2,603 billion.
Following transactions were made in this account in the year of 2012.
04. Legal Officers
Renovated IT Unit
Dr. R. M. Ariyadasa
2.3 Depreciation
Decentralized and provincial council funds
Paranthan Pooneryn Road
Thursday, 03 August, 2017
Lubricating oil
Supporting the Uttama Puja Pranama Medals presentaion
As per the action plan of this project, a field visit has been conducted for the villages of Pahala Hapuwida, Bope Poddala, Unaweruwa and Neelawala, to collect information from the participants and to educate those craftsmen.
5 North Western 20,797,869
Balance as at 31 March 2013
Pakistan-Sri Lanka Free Trade Agreement (PSFTA)
Project Background
Action had not been taken to assess the value of about 25-30 Teak timber logs and to take into stock books.
(B) Vavuniya
Updating information on the Ministry website
Even though sea tours with tourists had been conducted two days after the celebration, the project had not been operated even up to December 2012.
English Language
Corrective actions need to be taken to complete the remaining works.
Senior Systems Analyst
Media
Implementation of Budget Proposals of 2014, Providing Motor Cycles for Field Officers in Public Sector
Four works which estimated at Rs.81,000,000 had not been implemented during the year under review.
Services - 4%
Nothern Provincial Centre
Project: KT 03
Accessories aid for persons with disabilities
Funds (Boards)
As such, the actions were taken to hand over the land which was used to maintain the prison of Bogambara, located right in the middle of the Kandy city, to the government with effect from 20th June 2014 in order to achieve the above goal.
This is 130 square kilometers.
Political Party/ Independent Group
Incentives & Overtime
Rs.000 Rs.000 Rs.000 Rs.000 Rs.000 Rs.000 Rs.000
Chairman
Thus, the total number of votes for the year 2014 is 79,232.
Collection of two dimensional (2D) data for 10 sheets on the scale of 1:50,000 using high resolution satellite photograph was done.
Since the stores did not receive rice as anticipated by the Department, the provisions made for the purchase of rice could not be utilized as expected.
Permanent (Including employees of under probation period)
04. Mr. M. R. Rodrigo
2.2.6 Lack of evidence for audit
CO 32
2.3. Non–compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
Fourth Quarter
The Active Committee representing the Operations Co-ordination Centers for Language Associations in Vavuniya was established.
Arrangements were to ensure the members’ participation in the National Ranaviru day ceremony.
Tender form fee
Adjustments for Depreciation made to the Accumulated Fund in the previous years
Stenographer
Provision and Maintenance in optimum condition of a high quality network of national highways and other principal road
No. of Appointments
Accordingly, the relevant authority should be quoted on payment vouchers and other documents as follows.
Ministry of Disaster Relief Services
It has set informal mechanisms for a more coordinated approach between justice sector institutions.
General Manager - Bank of Ceylon
Further frequent meter testing is done for finding out the defective meters and theft cases.
Goods and Services Tax
The Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development had provided Rs. 195.5 million up to date and 95 percent of it had been provided for the development of the irrigation sector.
Foreign Funded Projects under the Ministry
Fixed asset verification is currently underway.
Basic fees (0.2% of the loan amount will be paid at once.)
As per the financial statements of the National Water Supply and Drainage Board, the work-in-progress of the activities carried out by the Project as at 31 December 2015 amounted to Rs. 4,835.22 million.
Also, cost can be measured reliably and carried at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
Financial Progress (Rs. Mn.)
Drinking Water Facilities
The Audit Committee established by the Board of Directors consists of the Directors and Senior Managers of the Procurement Committee on Capital Expenditure, Import and Local Purchases.
Petty Cash Imprest
(b) Whether the expenditure shown in the financial statements of the Project had been satisfactorily reconciled with the enhanced financial reports and progress reports maintained by the Project,
Annual average  Rs/US$
Stationery & Office Requisites
Language courses are conducted in a modern language laboratory, twice a year, for those who are interested in learning Sinhala, Tamil, English and foreign languages.
The value of 03 lands amounting to Rupees 445,000 had been brought to the accounts twice.
Date of retirement
Further, due to the delay in placing orders, the Board had incurred a loss of Rs. 3,926,664 in the import of instant lottery tickets in the year under review as a result of the deprecation of the US Dollar.
Taxable income
Email
Division
07. If a project or an activity which had been incorporated to a particular Ministry as per the Appropriation (Amendment) Act No. 1 of 2015  has not been indicated in Annexure 2 or if there is an issue regarding the new Ministry to which it has been assigned, you may consult the officer in charge of the budget activities of your Institution in the Department of National Budget.
5.1 Time of Transfer in connection to Annual Transfers shall be calculated on 31st December in previous year. (31.12.2013 for the Annual Transfers in year 2014)
Annual research seminar of the departmental officers was conducted and 16 departmental researches are being conducted.
The two acres of land given to the Police Exhibition Zone was developed and donated to the University Student community under the name 'Sevana Udyanaya'.
Conducted a lecture on Serpents of Sri Lanka at St. Mary’s Maha Vidyalaya-Avissawella with the participation of 300 students.
Best 3D Animation
Last Updated on Thursday, 17 May 2012 11:46
Allowance for Pre-School Teachers under the “Lama Diriya” Program - 2015
During this visit, both countries agreed to set up a Sub-Committee on Trade (SCT) between Sri Lanka and Vietnam with a view to exploring new avenues for further strengthening and fostering bilateral relations in the field of trade and industry related issues.
The technology developed by the ETL of ITI on Street Lamp Controlling system and the Low cost high accurate Ear screening device won the Second and first prizes respectively at the Sahasak Nimayum Exhibition organized by the Sri Lanka Inventors’ commission.
Matugama–Constructed a toilet for the Community Hall at 79 C Badugama new colony in Matugama D/S
Recommend visas for expatriates to work in the manufacturing Companies for Transfer of Technology.
Copies
As per the accounts presented, the following observations are made having compared the financial results of the Authority as at the end of the year under review with the previous year.
6. Kalawana
Deferred income tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements.
Completion of all fields with an * is essential.
Chairmen of State Banks and Government owned Companies
Assessable income
Marks
Procurement plan  for the year 2015 is formulated, implemented and reviewed.
DVDs -   02
She has also obtained a Master’s Degree in Social Science from the University of Kelaniya.
Submitting appeals to Combined Services Division on transfers
30th March 2014
Although the Procurement Guidelines are followed, it has been reported that some intermediate parties involved in the matters relating to the monthly lease amount, repayments and transfers of a wholesale trade stall operate as a business.
In addition, 03 Community Based Correction Officers were offered Rs. 155, 000.00 to follow Diploma courses on Counseling at well reputed educational institutions.
S. G. Senarathna
A store in the Veyangoda warehouse complex was renovated in 2012 as a model store with the above two methods at research level using the provisions provided in the budget estimate by the Secretary to the Ministry of Finance under the instructions and the approval of the Secretary to the Ministry of Co-operative and Internal Trade, in order to repair warehouses.
4.1.16. Pension payments progress - 2015
90 test bore holes were installed to collect that data.
Phone
4.6. Training Programme for Bud Grafters
a. Selection of Leasing Companies: Department of National Budget will select the prospective leasing facility provider from the state banks engaged in the business of leasing following the Government Procurement Guidelines
Arumugam Rajaratnam
Excavation of Tailrace tunnel
Carry out co-ordination activities to register land deeds, births, deaths and marriages
SLAcS II / III
Teacher Students
Research & Development On-Going Projects
Subsequently, the period of the Project had been extended up to 31 May 2017.
Collection of economic, social and cultural information within the division with necessary updating and provision of this information to the government and other institutions, when required.
The functions of the Ministry are carried out by the following divisions.
Arrangements have been prepared to use this system in 2015.
All these publications generated a total circulation revenue of  Rs. 691 million in year 2013 compared to Rs. 674 million in the preceding year.
TEC: Rs. 1700 million
Vacation of post had been delayed for 03 to 06 months against three officers who were paid for that period by the Ministry of Education, Northern Province and Department of Probation and Childcare Services.
Forgot your Password?
Capacity Development, Learning & Innovation
Office Employees’ Service  27
The Second Supplementary Treasury Account Statement is issued with corrections and F.R. 69 transfers included in the Second and Final Supplementary Account Summary.
South Asian Preferential Trading Arrangement (SAPTA) was signed on 11th April 1993.
Financial Progress from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015 (110-01-03)
Assistant Commissioner
1.2 Permanent Total Disability & Permanent Partial Disablement caused by an Accident only -  Rs. 1, 500,000.00
Deposit Account Monthly Report
Revised Estimate (Rs. Mn.)
In addition, a “Strategic Plan” is being finalized setting out relevant activities for the period of 2015-2018.
Biomass Power plants come under three main categories, viz.
Jordan  06
Anamaduwa
The resolving of reported crimes too showed a remarkable performance.
Most of the villages are lagging behind due to lack of social and economic infrastructure facilities, environmental hazards and other social and cultural factors.
Assistant Government Agent
Production of breeder seeds of tomato (KC 1), Bitter gourd (TV white), and Snake gourd (TV long)
Mrs. M. A. Ghanawathi
Sri Lanka Port Authority Employees' Co-operative Bank Ltd.
09. September
Prajashakthi Tharuna Abhiwurdhi Co-operative Society Ltd.
Director Agriculture
Published by Department of Agriculture, Peradeniya, Sri Lanka
Serial number
There, the Magistrate has the power to enforce the maintenance order as it has been made under the Maintenance Ordinance.
Formulating the budget and action plan for the year and recommending for the approval of the Board of Directors.
Common Facility Centre Account and the test Marketing Account have been closed and the account balance has been transferred to the National Design Centre Account.
(e) Out of the posts of Lecturers and College Instructors, 27 posts or 47 percent had been vacant.
Intervention to settle disputes that arise regarding property of Viharas
Community-based Programs
Economic
Auditor General, Department of the Auditor General, Colombo 07
Compost fertilizer plan
Post Graduate Degree - II
1.3 Comments on Financial Statements
Registered/ Assistant Medical Officers - Special Grade
To create awareness among communities on the importance of protecting their identities in order to promote mutual understanding and trust.
(c) By the Cabinet Memorandum dated 02 November 2006, the Cabinet of Minister had granted approval for the printing of lottery tickets through a foreign company for a period of 03 years from the year 2007.
Increase in the salaries of the entire staff, recruitment of new employees for essential services, increase in working expenditure by 10% owing to the corresponding rise in goods and services, were the major contributors to the increase in expenditure in the current year.
Table 3. Issue of identity cards to close relatives of war heroes for the purpose of granting priority
Administration of Navalar Mani Mandapam, Jaffna
(F) Kundasale
Local Borrowings
Similarly, preparation of Final Village Plans for land settlement activities are carried out by this branch.
In this basis, the fund was provided to 67 Aranery Schools of 18 Districts of Kandy, Kegalle, Colombo, Ratnapura, Kilinochchi, Batticaloa, Trincomalee, Jaffna, Vavuniya, Puttalam, Kaluthara, Mullaitivu, Badulla, Nuwara Eliya, Matale, Kurunagala, Galle and Polonnaruwa.
Moratuwa Carpentry Cluster
5. Secretary to Hon. Prime Minister
Statistics on vegetables, fruits and highland crops (such as cashew, jack fruit, mango, guava, papaya) are collected annually for the Yala and Maha seasons and livestock statistics are collected once a year (before 30th June every year).
The Course for the seventh batch was conducted from March to December, 2014.
Date of Execution
Providing extensive training in the three languages to produce knowledgeable persons to teach Sinhala, Tamil and English to the persons who wish to acquire such knowledge.
Beam Concreting work at Kallady Bridge
The receivable amount of Rs. 916,635 from renting out of Motor Grader machine and the receivable amount of Rs. 54,504 from renting out of JCB Machine had not been included in the financial statements.
Public Administration Circulars issued amending the provisions of the Establishments Code - 2018
Conducted 2 programs on environment photography, a program on Serpents of Sri Lanka, a program on Butterflies and a program on Bio diversity of Sri Lanka.
4.3 Revenue Account - Annexure - 06
Balance as at 1st January .....
National Judicial Academy, Bhopal
4.2. Progress of Rubber Replanting
(i) Not obtaining benefits for the expenses incurred.
Negombo Municipal Council
The audit of financial statements of the Global Partnership on Output-based Aid Project for the year ended 31 December 2018 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 11 (B) of the Grant Agreement No. TF099870 dated 27 December 2011 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and International Development Association.
Municipal Commissioner
Bahrain
3.7 Investment
State Development and Construction Corporation
U.J.Aruna Nandana
Trade & Other Payables
Cement Factory,
China 52%
Relevant officers can apply for these training programs.
SLAS 1
Agreements and Utilities of financial assistance to Sri Lanka from 2005 to 2014 from advanced economies
This program implemented to empower school children as access to education is one of the seven Key elements of social integration and an island wide Grade 5 scholarship program is a key program carried out for this purpose during the SI Week.
We publish 3 main daily newspapers and 3 main weekly newspapers in Sinhala, Tamil & English languages.
Reduce the vulnerability of exposed people and assets to climate risk and to improve Governments capacity to respond effectively to disasters.
According to the Financial Statements presented the operations of the Provincial Council for the year under review had resulted in a surplus of Rs. 1,140,961,099 as compared with the surplus of Rs. 1,925,209,984 for the preceding year thus indicating an shortfall Rs.784,248,885 in the financial results due to increase in salary and wages by Rs. 1,585,887,496 and deposit payment by Rs. 3,088,008,760 during the year under review.
Kanchana Vodatha Wijesekara
Providing the required services to persons with disabilities under the National Programme of Community-Based Interactive Development
Special loan
Plant Cost: Power Plant: Approximately US$ 500 million
i.e. principal payment and interest payment
December 2014
Head of Accounts
Issuing certificate of Evaluation to Dhamma School teachers who have served for long periods continuously
Badulla No. 02
Thissamaharamaya
Kandy - Mahiyangana - Padiyatalawa Road (93.15 - 102.28km)
He is pursuing a Postgraduate Degree in Biomolecular Science and Biotechnology from the University of Ruhuna in 2007 and a Postgraduate Degree in Business Administration from the University of Colombo and also holds a Diploma in Animal Husbandry from the University of Glasgow in Scotland.
Profit before Tax
Accounting Officer
Up to 31 December 2017
Cleaning
Amount paid in 2011
The progress of the issuance of the identity cards during the period of the first 09 months of the year 2015 is shown below.
Moreover, the motor car has been depreciated for its estimated useful life of four years from the reporting period 2011.
Rs. 30,000.00 (Per Family Unit)
1. Municipal Council housing scheme at Sirimavo Bandaranaike Mawatha (Prince of Wales Street), Colombo 12-(144 housing units in two high rise buildings)
Awareness creation in Government Institutions at the Exhibition Grounds on Designing and Evaluating Exhibition Stalls in accordance with the Official Languages ​​Policy
Directors' Remuneration
Incidental expenses
Acting Treasurer
Receipts for the year 2015
Blacksmith
Procurement Division during the year 2015
Enhancing the living standards of the people in the Batticaloa District through efficient government service and efficiency of divisional development and administration
9. Kiriella
Actual Number
4.4 Administration of the Staff
Conducting FOs Annual General meetings
Sri Lanka National Co-operative Council Ltd.
The recurrent needs requested by the provinces are given below.
Japanese Official Development Assistance is extended by the Government of Japan through Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), in terms of Loan Aid (Yen Loans), Grant Aid, Technical Cooperation and Development Studies.
Kotikawatta, Mulleriyawa
ii. If a candidate has furnished false information purposely or has suppressed any material fact willfully, he or she is liable for dismissal from public service.
I certify that the above particulars are true.
The arrears as at 31 December of the year under review amounting to Rs. 77 million had increased up to Rs. 90 million as at 31 December of the year under review.
The financial statements have been prepared in compliance with SLFRS, subject to certain transition elections and exceptions disclosed in note 8.
Co-ordinating Officer (Programmes)
2.10 Planning Activities
Minuwangoda
Artificial limbs (NGOs)
Finally, the weighted score of a district has been divided by the total weighted score and the proportion for each district has been calculated.
3.1 Co-operative Federations implemented during the year
Mrs. J. P. Dayani Jayasinghe
Estimated Cost (Rs.)
Visa stamps - 31,000
02. Training Program on Maintenance of Personal Files
The Public Enterprises Guidelines for Good Governance revised by PED Circular No 55 of 14/12/2010 should be used as a guide with regard to the functioning of Audit Committees in Public Enterprises.
Acting as the Central Authority for the Mutual Assistance in Criminal, Civil and Commercial Matters and the Civil Aspects of International Child abduction.
Regional Agricultural Research and Development Center, Aralaganwila comes under the purview of Field Crops Research and Development Institute, is engaged in research and development activities of the field crop sector.
4. Manmunai North
Dehiovita
I believe that the Department of Co-operative Development has been able to  contribute to the upliftment of economic and social welfare of Sri Lanka through the  cooperative movement.
6.3. South Asian Free Trade Area
(b) Out of the allowances obtained by an officer, if there is any amount that the officer is not entitled to, such money should be returned at the prevailing exchange rate on the date of arrival within one month.
Expenditure related to Advance Account Activities - Rs.4.0 billion
Annexure I & II
Composition of the Committee
The copies of the internal audit reports had not been furnished to Auditor General.
“Rise & Shine” Programme
Chairman’s allowance
6. Specimen forms to be used in preparation of the Financial Statements
Further, in order to develop the economy at provincial level, the following activities will be undertaken by the government.
This facilitates to carry out the rehabilitation affairs more qualitatively by minimizing the number of existing prisons by converting those to rehabilitation centers as well as open prisons rather than limiting prisoners to their cells.
3.18 It is the responsibility of the respective Secretary of the Ministry / Heads of Department to send the list of names of officers who have served more than 5 years in popular service stations including other particulars such as their age, period of service, area of residence, and three service stations in which the officer wishes to service if transferred, by using the relevant form, before the date prescribed by the Director General of Combined Services.
(As an example, the projects implemented through the cluster villages programs).
Number of request letters received to empower the Courts by the end of the year 1072
Organization of training workshops for President monks and Registrar monks of regional Sasanarakshaka Mandalas
Udapalatha Pradeshiya Sabha
3.3 Natural Resources of the District
Issuing Identity cards for Justices of the Peace 2,929 (Revenue received by the Government was Rs. 585,800)
Financial Progress from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015
Provisions issued under the Budget Support Services and Emergency Needs Liability Expenditure of the Department of National Budget to other Expenditure Heads during the year - Recurrent Expenditure
During the year 2014, the staff members have participated in foreign education training, scholarship programmes and seminars as follows.
Adjustment in debtor provision
To address matters relating to the formation and implementation of the National Languages Policy
Minimum Receivable Limit (Rs. Cents)
Preparation of Seven warning boards as instructed by the DMU
Keselwatta  Project
Commitment fee amounting to Rs. 91.63 million had been recovered by the Lending Agency on underutilized balances of the Loan, according to the Article 2.2.7 of the Loan Agreement, due to delays in commencement of activities of the Project.
Amendment to the Bank of Ceylon Ordinance to improve performance and good governance
10. Assets and Property
Law reform for greater recognition, protection, and promotion of the rights of the citizens;
The event provided the opportunity for a group of 60 Southern youth to come to our district and to conduct cultural and sports events with the youth of our district and share their friendship.
Unit Cost (Rs.)
Adjustments for Retirement Gratuity
IX. Details of number of electors whose names had to be deleted from the 2015 Electoral Register due to serving of prison terms under the Bribery Act and for offences committed at elections under the Elections Law and for other reasons.
Progress, from 2014.01.01 to 2014.12.31
Consumer Stock - FIFO (First-In, First-Out Method)
Activities of Social Integration Division
3.7 Weather Conditions in the District
Cost of Production of Rubber 2002 – 2013
5.1 Implementation of the Title Registration Act and Progress
Diyagama Ralalage Indra Gunathilaka
Reform of laws in response to social needs in line with global advancements and the aspirations of the people;
Promoting quality animal feed to create a healthy animal population and ensuring an effective animal health service that prevents and controls animal diseases
The name and the signature of the respective officers shall be placed on the form in proof of the preparation and the check that they have done.
The average temperature in Galle District in 2015 is about 27.5 degrees Celsius.
Searching borrow pits and gravel quarries
Matara   01
Statement of changes in equity
Rs. 4,930
1.	Western
3.2 Human Resources Management
20. Recommendation of the Head of the Department:-
Other functions entrusted by the amendments made after the Public Trustee Ordinance and other written rules.
(d) To enable the cultivation of the affected lands to be carried out without any danger by constructing drainage flood control and desalination projects
Transport allowance of Rs. 17,733,961 had been paid to 77 officers of MM salary scale and 96 officers of JM and MA salary scale contrary to the provisions by stating as the entitlement of senior officers.
Irrigation;
Further proceedings will be carried out for the other 39 in the year 2016.
Jayasinghe Arachchige Don Sanath Anil Prasanna
Reasons for delays
Mrs. Soma Kulathunga
Torrington,
Services for persons with disabilities
GE Frame V small gas turbines were also operated on synchronous condenser mode to improve the voltage of the system.
Core Responsibilities
A notable feature in this year is the deployment of self-propelled barges replacing dumb barges.
Procure and sell electricity in bulk to distribution licensees so as to ensure a secure, reliable, and economical supply of electricity to consumers
If further clarifications are required, please contact Mr. A. D. L. G. Kalansuriya, the Director of the Department of State Accounts on Tel. No. 011-2484735.
Project Management
This included regular discussions and consultations with the negotiating Chairs on how to move forward on negotiations in the critical areas, in particular agriculture, Non-Agricultural Market Access (NAMA) and services.
“Poya Discussion” – Poya Discussion program
Soil fertility
Charge for the Year
Kandy - Jaffna Road
05 items of accounts amounting to Rs. 172,080,220 could not be satisfactorily verified due to non-availability of required information.
The Government has allocated additional provisions for the welfare of the elders under the 2012 Budget Proposals with the objective of providing protection and welfare for the Sri Lankan elder citizens over 70 years of age under the Mahinda Chinthana Vision.
Building strategic partnerships for furniture manufacturing, conceptualizing necessary measures which goes in line with Government policy of green economy to ensure its viability to cater to niche market demands which in return offer higher profit margins
Urgent action must be taken to avoid delays.
BOC- General Account
SA/ DSG/ DLD/ DDG
2. Establishment of Rural Elder Committees and Provision of Financial Assistance.
Part 2 - 0.01%
Statement of Losses recovered/written off/Waived off during the year
Annex 41
Rs. 98.97 Mn
Length (Km): 27.00
International trading and quality assurance
It has been observed by the Commission that many private hospitals use English language to provide services for public and therefore they face many difficulties.
10. Training Program on Office Procedures
Issued capital
17. Eco Villages (Green Villages)
30. Divisional Secretariat - Habaraduwa
03. River basins and irrigation systems management including operation and maintenance.
Sri Lanka Railway Department
(a) Recognition and Accounting
2. Livestock
(b) Deeds and other documents
Distribution unit
Keppetipola
800 Metre (Male)
Further, two dramas on Social integration was staged by the Department Staff, twice a day every day from 24.02.2014 for the duration  of the exhibition.
Management’s Responsibility for the Financial Statements
Katubedda
Prepared by:-
07. Allocations for bad and doubtful loans
(a) Even though the Sabha owned the Dump Truck, Motor Grader, Backhoe Loader, and a compactor to be used in constructing and maintaining roads in the division of the Sabha, vehicles had been obtained on rent from external institutions such as, Authority of Machinery, thereby making payments totaling Rs. 610,606 in 05 instances.
Amortization is recognized in the income Statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets, from the date that they are available for use.
The expenditure on this was Rs. 0.733 million.
The arrears of rates, trade stall rent, key money, lease rent amounting to Rs.6,898,973 and the receipts in advance amounting to Rs.78,635 relating to above items of revenue had not been disclosed separately in the financial statements as arrears and receipts in advance.
The Times of Ceylon
Advertising Revenue
Use modern management technologies to conduct business in an efficient manner by reforming all systems and procedures to ensure the conduct of business in an efficient manner, while eliminating corruption and waste.
History of the District
The Green Village Programme focuses on contribution to national development through rural development.
Composition
Rivira Media (Pvt) Ltd.
Team Empowerment Discussions
The main objective of the unit is to get compensation for accident victims.
Animal Feeds Act (English)
Amount Spent (Rs. Cents)
International Science and Technology Centre
Computer literacy and computer literacy rate
Goods Survey of Divisional Secretariats and District Secretariats
Entertainment & Sundry expenses
Hon. Justice J. F. A. Soza Commemorative Oration was conducted and the Judges Journal Volume III was also launched on 09th May 2014.
3.4 Officers who have been transferred
Important points raised by the board
Mrs. J. C. G. Dissanayake
4.4 Contributor shall be entitled for benefits until reaching the age of 70.
Translators (Sinhala / Tamil)
However, after introducing the new system, overall sales returns had been increased by Rs. 35,177,498 or 41% during the year under review.
X. Comparative Note showing the number of registered electors according to Electoral Districts (Revision of Electoral Registers 2014 – 2015)
Purchase of dry rations valued at Rs. 12.4 million for the incentives of the employees
The approval of the Department of Management had not been obtained for the implementation of the Incentive Scheme.
The examination also included such tests as deemed necessary to assess the following.
One set of financial statements has been prepared for the year 2012 instead of preparing separate financial statements for each account as practised in the past.
4. Ranaviru Remembrance Project
This will reduce the cost per minute by increasing the profits of the factories and create competition among the small and medium scale garment factories to reap the benefits.
Latvia
Directions and guidelines for preparing the 2017 Annual Budget Estimates
The Supreme Court is the highest Court of the judicial system in Sri Lanka.
14. Mr. U. J. P. A. Kirindagode (Attorney-at-Law) (From 26.08.2011)
Up to 31/12/2015
Awareness program conducted in the Matale pilot area
W. P. E. R. Dulakshi
Capital reserves
(C) Polonnaruwa
The ‘Road Map’ ensures the preparation of five year short-term and long–term strategic plans to implement the Official Languages Policy
One of the main obstacles against the maintenance of long lasting peace in Sri Lanka was the gruesome terrorism that caused havoc on the socio economic fabric of the country over a period of almost thirty years.
i. Ensure national sovereignty over Sri Lanka’s biological resources
iii. Preparation and the use of spreadsheet
(In Charge Laboratories)
Mrs.W. J. Handapangoda
Research related to remote sensing / geodetic information systems
Musical Instrument
Lectures, necessary information, instructions and services have been provided free of charge for the students in Colombo Medical Faculty, universities such as Kelaniya, Peradeniya, post graduate degree candidates and various public institutes, by the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health.
Obtaining a loan to settle other debts
iii. Facilitate access to and promote sustainable use of Sri Lanka’s biological resources for the benefit of the country
Child Torture / Child Abuse / Leadership etc.
Public Officers’ Advance Account
A Sinhala and Hindu New Year Festival symbolising the cultural diversity was conducted by the Operations Center, Badulla with the participation of officers from the National Languages Project.
1.1 Qualified Opinion
Cost: Rs. 420,376.62
4.12 Observers of the Association of Asian Election Authorities (AAEA) and the Forum of the Election Management Bodies of South Asia (FEMBoSA) participated as foreign observer organizations with the direct coordination of the Department of Elections and the Commonwealth observers coordinated and carried out observation of election by themselves.
2. Vallibel Finance (Recommended on 17.06.2014)
Sri Lanka Government
18. VAGRANTS ORDINANCE (AMENDMENT) BILL
Financial Progress - Rs.1.74 Mn.
Awareness of counselling teachers, simultaneously to the distribution of Laughter and tear boxes
The actual data collection will take place in January 2016.
According to the information received, allocation amounting to Rs. 120 million had been made in the Budget Estimate for 2017 to implement the activities of the Project and out of that a sum of Rs. 92.10 million had been utilized at the end of the year under review.
2. 2. 1 Estimated Revenue, Billed Revenue, Collected Revenue and the Arrears of Revenue
Discussions are currently underway with the manufacturer to restructure the purchase agreements reached in 2013.
CIR stamp duty
No of Shares % of Holding Cost as at 31 March   Cost as at Aril 1
T.P. - 0452262777
Generalized System of Preference (GSP)
Bridges No. 1 (240/4 on Peradeniya – Badulla – Chenkaladi Road - AA 005)
Director ( SL Planning Service)
Allocations made in the Budget year under review
General Deposit Account - 2015
Services
The Finance Commission has already taken measures to fulfill the Constitutional Mandate of achieving balanced regional development in the country, and special allocations have been made towards realizing this objective.
04. Fees for Specialist’s services including intensive Care, X Ray and Radium investigations and treatment, electrotherapy, Physiotherapy
Mr. W. A. M. J. Perera
(for production staff)
(iii) Sever facial searing or disfigurement
89. Biodiversity Conservation and Biodiversity Sensitive Identification Program for Sustainable Development
This is the shortest route from Talaimannar to India.
Camera Operator
MT 5 - 2016
Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and the presentation of Financial Statements.
For the year 2011 (Rs.  Million)
It was revealed that the distributors are not functioning at present.
2. Cultural Boards
Sub Total
Training Course for New Grama Niladharis Phase-1
1.2.2. Unexplained Differences
Salary mentioned under 3 (a) of the Salary Conversion Letter applicable as at 01.01.2017
Which belong to the Combined Services will be made in the following manner.
Our aim is to obtain the maximum support of the public for acquiring lands without delay in order to develop roads.
Even though expenditure amounting to Rs. 1,010,762 and Rs. 8,598,003 had been incurred on the farm in the year under review and the preceding years respectively, the income earned during that period amounted to only Rs. 248,760.
(e) Making recommendations to the Board of Directors pertaining to appointment, re-appointment, and removal of the external auditors in appropriate circumstances
Development of livestock and agricultural products using new technology to increase the turnover and profitability of the Company
No: 31/2001 (IX) - 2014 - 25.01.2014
Commonwealth Karatedo Championship 2015 – India
Swimming training activities conducted for elderly persons and school students residing around the pool areas and an income of Rs. 151,481/- had been earned in the year 2012 from these swimming pools.
Police Information and Communication System Project
Expenditure Head No: 265
631 A. Anawasala
Recurrent Expenditure Composition - Year 2015 Project 01
The Action plan for 2014 has been prepared.
Department of Probation & Child Protection Services
Distribution Unit 4
3. Secretary to the Cabinet of Ministers
Monaragala - Buttala Water Supply Project
Payments made for 03 employees in the year 2011
Computer Hardware Workshop I and II
One month before the opening of the Deyata Kirula Exhibition Stalls,  'Win the Official Language Award' advertisements were placed near the main entrances to inform the officials and designers about the design of the stalls in accordance with the Official Languages ​​Policy.
The Corporate Plan approved and updated by the Board of Directors together with the Annual Budget had not been forwarded to the line Ministry, General Treasury's Department of Public Enterprises, and the Auditor General at least 15 days before the commencement of the financial year.
With regard to other macroeconomic indicators, inflation is expected to maintain around 4 percent and unemployment rate at 4.5 percent in 2017.
Out of the recorded total expenditure for 2014, the actual expenditure related to general services of the government, provided under first schedule of the Appropriation (Amendment) Act was Rs 1,529 billion and it has increased by Rs. 272 billion or 22 Percent in 2014 compared to 2013.
Ayurvedic Hospital - Magalla
Recurrent Expenditure Rs. Cents
Overtime and other allowances
Progress of the Implemented Programs by the District Divi Neguma Section
Suwahas Mal Unit
The proposed amendment be made to apply retrospectively to cover all pending legislation.
Sales
Profit
Construction of electric fences
Wellawaya
Secretary - Mr. S. Amarakoon
Management Assistant Non-tech Multi duty - Segment 1
Short-term employee benefits, including holiday entitlement, are current liabilities under payables.
Schedule 4
Number of cases to be settled as on 31.12.2015
Mrs. G. M. Lili/ Mr. H. G. Premadasa
As per the Sri Lanka Accounting Standard 21 on Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, in the case of acquisition of non-financial assets in foreign currency, those assets are converted to the reporting currency at the rate  prevailing at the date of transaction.
Official Language Training Program
Recovery of Surcharges
Ms. Nilufa Mohotti
The general public, government officials who wish to obtain fitness facilities
Sugathadasa National sports Complex Authority (NO. 17 of 1999)
Mrs. Renuka Ekanayake, Secretary to the Ministry, and a large number of Ministry officials including senior officials of the Ministry and its affiliates were present at the occasion.
Population of the District
Dairy Farmers' National Co-operative Society Ltd.
The Broadlands Hydropower Project is a run of river type project planned to build on the Kelani River, with the object of harnessing the hydropower potential downstream of the existing Polpitiya power station.
Plan and formulate policies relevant to the implementation of the Official Languages Policy.
The overtime paid to each officer per month in each month ranged from Rs. 27,499 to Rs. 33,393.
However, the total expenditure in 2014 was lower than the original budget estimate of Rs. 2,751 billion for the year.
Knowledge on Social Integration is enhanced
Total number of staff
Examination and Other Fees
The Audit and Management Committee paid special attention to the following matters.
6 F1 hybrids were selected for testing.
Prime Cost
1. Eravur Town
It was revealed in the audit that the money is retained to cover the expenditure on cess paid by the Board for the import lottery tickets and the Treasury approval for that had not been obtained.
(iii) training of personnel in modern technologies to meet the needs of the Government and private sector undertakings
portable stove,
Organized the participation of the wives  of war heroes for the Indonesian cultural show held on 07.09.2011 at BMICH
To create awareness among public who come to visit the exhibition
There are 164 Public Management Assistants and Development Officers.
(vi) Disciplinary action should be taken by the relevant authority in respect of misusing or misappropriating of Government vehicles by breaching the provisions of this Circular and other related provisions
In addition to that 11 kind of stationeries purchased at cost of Rs. 133,000 in year under review had not been received up to 15 May 2019.
There, process answers to audit queries
My No: PA/CS/6/4/
Gampaha Prasanna Ranathunge
Canal system
Urban or built-up land
Arachchige Nilantha Leshan Sanjeewa Senasinghe Senaratna
(b) Operating Leases
Commitment
Contractual Services
45 essays were submitted as research essays in 15 sessions of these 3 days.
Sigiriya Super Cross,
Finance Manager
To create clever teachers to teach Sinhala, Tamil and English for those who wish to get such knowledge
Another function carried out by the Language Associations are several projects implemented with the objective of building national peace, integration and mutual understanding in various areas of the Island.
Provided provisions
The gross profit margin and the profit markup of the Company for the year under review, as compared with the preceding year had increased by 1.74% and 6.22 respectively.
Here, athlete W.P. Manjula Kumara representing the southern province came first in the High Jump event recording 2.19 metres.
100 Metre (Female)
11.1 During the year 2015, the following programs were implemented by the Welfare and Sports Society of the Ministry of Sports.
Decision of the Cabinet of Ministers
It is difficult to classify inmates in overcrowded prisons, rehabilitate inmates and provide them with the basic facilities they need.
The National Event of the 'Deyata Sevana' programme was jointly conducted by the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy and the Matara District Secretariat on 14th November 2014 at the new hospital premises in Kotawila, Matara.
Among them majority of packages are awarded under Community Participation (CP) and National Competitive Budding (NCB) by ID, MASL, RDA and NBRO.
Purchases made during the period from January to September 2017 had not been carried out in conformity with the Government Procurement Guidelines.
Directors have no direct or indirect interest in any Agreements of the Institute or entered into any relevant Agreements for the future in the year ended 31st December 2013.
Sixteen (16) Days Activism Campaign
Indoor Air Quality Management
Number of files to be forwarded for arbitration as at 01.01.2014
14. Weligepola
Issue of Certificates of Accreditation for the registered surveyors who wish to carry out surveys, under the Title Registration Act No, 21 of 1998.
I. with no preferences marked
Providing Analytical, Advisory and Consultancy Services related to the fields of Forensic and Food Sciences to Law Courts, Law Enforcement Agencies, and other Institutions.
As such the objective of the Project had not been achieved and the sum of Rs. 3,979,927 spent remains a fruitless expenditure until the relevant unit is put into operation.
Duration
08 Training on Development of Duties Office Employee Assistants
Annexure 3.8
Trade Officers stationed abroad continued to play a vital role in attracting foreign direct investments (FDI) into the country.
Public Management Assistant
Reference Facilities - Visiting lecturers and instructors, Graduate and Postgraduates engaged in projects, Participants in Continuing Career Development Courses and Private & Institutional Membership
According to payment details, the total travelling expenses for the year under review should be Rs. 1,260,000.
Direct Expenses
(i.e. HDFC Bank withdrew its application after receiving the recommendation)
Ilaiyakutti Ketheeswaran
Vavuniya South (Sinhala) Pradeshiya Sabha
Although Head No. 164 for the Ministry of Southern Development was mentioned in Appropriation (Amendment) Act No. 15 of 2015, it has now been abolished.
Rangiri Dambullu Elders Home
Also this unit has the responsibility to keep the premises clean with the assistance of BMES institute.
The total number of kilometers run in the year 2012 had been 1,579,976 comprising 1,178,120 kilometers run by the Corporation motor vehicles and 401,856 kilometers run by motor vehicles procured on hire basis.
An amount of Rs. 1,325,006.21 is to be paid.
A self-financing program.
Name of Special Expenditure Unit/Ministry/Department/District Secretariat:
Faculty of Medicine, University of Kelaniya
Introduce wildlife/ environmental laws wherever necessary
Measuring of sound, light, heat and quantity of chemicals in factories is carried out by these measurements Hence, recommendations have been given for  occupational safety and health of the employees.
8.2.8) "Young Journalists As Change Agents for Social Integration" Programme
Provincial Chief Secretaries,
Oxford, United Kingdom
Rehabilitation & Services of Training
Kurunegala Plantations Ltd
Therefore, updating the relevant statutes is important because it has directly resulted in low income of the local authorities.
8. Development of the Institutional Structure
Literacy and literacy rate
Auditor General's Observations on the Appropriation Account - 2014
Rs. 20.514 Mn is balance in Fixed Deposit in Bank of Ceylon as on 31.12.2014
25th June-05 Days
Other (Tractors/ Trailers/ Water Bowsers, etc.)
Therefore, names available in one inch topographic series were converted into digital form to use as one of the data sources.
Read more
Transmission Operation and Maintenance - Galle Region
Carpentry
Subjects and the Functions of the Institute:
Mathugama Pradeshiya Sabha
Sale of magazine
(c) Accounting
4. Systems and Controls
The only payment with regard to this lease is Rs.8,966/ annual payment to Divisional Secretariat, Colombo.
(I) Procurements
Foreign Scholarships in the year 2015
The Schedule of Commitments of Sri Lanka was submitted for the approval of the Cabinet.
Added/ Deficient Net Surplus
Distribution of kitchen utensils
Nikaweratiya Store
The Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration has been responsible for providing financial assistance for the Social Integration related activities carried out in collaboration wth other institutions or for programmes solely by other institutions.
Number of Grant Permits Issued
Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Aquarium Wattala
The net contribution of the newspapers, periodicals and annual publications had decreased by Rs. 15.6 million during the year under review, as compared with the preceding year.
National Council for Disaster Management Structure
On demand video streaming
Within the year under review the construction work of Palampiddy Agrarian Training Center, construction of Agrarian Teacher’s Office, construction of Vattakachchi Agrarian Training Center and stage II of Mannar Zonal Education Office building should be completed at aggregating Rs. 48.2 million through the Provincial Specific Development Grant.
The product portfolio includes 17 periodicals and 5 magazines, targetting different reader groups, and by 31st December 2013 the total portfolio rose to 28.
Progress of the Capital Expenditure in 2015
No. of applications reviewed
Providing computers under the Language Association Program
It is expected to have a discussion pertaining to this matter together with Food Consultation Committee of Ministry of Health.
TV Sets
Assistant Secretary (Development)
Reservoir capacity: 56 MCM
Collected Fines from Notaries
Minister of Housing and Construction Hon. Sajith Premadasa, State Minister of Fisheries and Aquatic Resource Development, Hon. Dilip Wedaarachchi, the Chairman of the Paddy Marketing Board, Mr. M.B. Dissanayake and other officials were also participated at the event.
Paragraph 02 of the Public Administration Circular 01/2014, Public Administration Circular 01/2014(I) and Public Administration Circular 01/2014(II)
The health sector is specialized among this.
9.4.4. Mr. Suranga Ambagahatenne, Class III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service  who was serving at the Moneragala District Elections Office was appointed to the post of Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Badulla District Elections Office with effect from 07.05.2015.
Should you need and further clarification, please contact the relevant officer of the Department of National Budget assigned to your Ministry / Department / Institution.
Auditor General,
Puttalam - Maho line with 129 towers
Mr. Palitha K Wijesinghe
This was built in 1915.
Appointment of Procurement Committees for the Ministry, Departments and Institutions coming under the purview of the Ministry and attending to the procurement activities and their supervision.
3. Eravur Town
Recruitment of new employees for essential posts,
Mrs. Shanthi Hinted has deposited the amount of this money in the bank.
Katubedda Government Auditor General
Trade payables are on normal credit terms.
Time Management (Divisional Secretariat - Karandeniya, Balapitiya)
Our Services
By this, it was expected that the party secretaries would take necessary steps to increase their representation.
It is necessary that all such factors be given due attention and an integrated development approach be adopted in identifying projects and programmes.
8. Microsoft Office
National Cleaner Production Centre
Contrary to the agreement 3 additional programs had been televised.
Rural Infrastructure and Small Enterprise Development
Capital provisions and expenditure in the year 2015
The Daily News website was redesigned to be more user friendly by adopting some of the latest design trends and supporting features.
Garages
H. E. the President is the Chairperson of the National Council and Hon. Prime Minister is the Vice-Chairman.
PL1 - 2016
Total of the Individual balances
10.Submission of Report
These training programs are mainly focused on agriculture, livestock, fisheries and irrigation, highways and transport, health, business development, environment, education, public administration, good governance, and development and government policies.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Dikwella
Ms. P. A. Pathirathna
The total amount paid to old beneficiaries is Rs.8622000.00
In 2012 a farmer group from Ampara visited the institute and TC banana fields in Sooriyawewa area.
The National Council for the Control of Dangerous Drugs provides technical and other assistance to carry out this task, working in collaboration with the Government and the International Narcotics Control Board and acting as a representative of the Narcotics Commission.
Cases dismissed and disallowed for various reasons
Number of transferred officers
Written Test for Official Languages Proficiency Level I, II, III, IV was held on 31.05.2015 in the year 2015 for 75,606 applicants.
Names of Beneficiaries
7 Matara Court Building
However, the current shortage of quality cows has hindered the growth of this dairy industry.
Katubedda,
The objective is to improve Kandy and Galle suburbs.
Investigations of importing rice on the guarantee of the Treasury
European Union (EU) Funded Project
4.1 Budgetary Control
Programme / Project
Mrs.S.Kittnapillai
4th Quarter     3,622,563.56 3,647,511 22
Accordingly, all Chief Accounting Officers and Accounting Officers are informed to prepare Action Plans and Procurement Plans within the said ceilings as the General Treasury will release the imprest in line with the quarterly ceilings.
The Water Resources Board was established in 1966 under the Act No. 29 of 1964, as an advisory body to the Minister on all matters concerning the control and utilization of the Water Resources in Sri Lanka.
The actions taken by the Department during the year based on the prevailing current requirements on public policy are of paramount importance.
Secretary of the Board of Directors/Chief Operation Officer
Sum of money paid to these parties was Rs. 3,718,317.
If the account is opened for Treasury branches, this form should be personally signed by the Director of that branch.
With the objective of ensuring investing public funds effectively and efficiently, the Zero Based Budgeting Approach has been introduced from 2016 onwards through Budget Circular No.3/2015 dated 29/07/2015, issued by the Secretary to the Treasury.
Before Construction
Veterinary Officer
HIE/2013 - 5
4.3. Staff Training and Skill Development in the Year 2015
Conducting functions related to Parliamentary Advisory Council, Parliamentary Questions and cabinet papers
Muthu Ahura-2
2019 Budget will be formulated based on the Performance-Based Budgeting (PBB) approach and PBB allocates resources for achieving specifically defined measurable outcomes.
Date submitted to the Head of the Department
Updating personal files of Ministry employees and activities related to appointments, transfers, promotions, retirement and disciplinary process
The project covers 20 major irrigation schemes in 09 Regions which are scattered in the Ampara, Anuradhapura, Baticaloa, Hambantots, Kurunegala, Monaragala, Polonaruwa, Puttalam, and Trincomalee districts.
The required provisions to this Institute are allocated by the Ministry.
A sum of Rs. 1,124,760.00 has been earned by issuing these copies.
Cash Flows from financing activities
Incidental expenses – Foreign travel
08. NOTARY ORDINANCE (AMENDMENT) BILL
Operational and Maintenance Activities
Document Confirmations
Treasury provisions
Reconciliation of accounts of the ministry with computerized data of the Treasury
These entries shall be made in blue ink pen.
Ms. Jayantha Indraneela
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in the Paragraph 1.6 of this report, the accompanying Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Northern Provincial Council as at 31 December 2018, and of its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
Sport Live Programmes
The objective of the Program is to enhance clean power generation, system efficiency and reliability.
Thirukedeswaram Kovil is located approximately 6.5 miles north of Mannar and approximately 0.5 miles northwest of the sea.
Training Expenses
Recurrent expenditure on the District Secretariat head for the year was Rs. 540,796,049.
I hereby certify that the above information is true and correct.
Providing dry rations (per week)
2. Nugedolawatta
Part II
Liabilities are transactions in which assets and services related to goods, services or construction contracts are received within the relevant accounting year but have not been paid to the relevant parties during the financial year.
Mahakumbukkadawala
Note - 9 other recurring expenses classified according to the subject of expenditure
Main activities launched by the Divi Neguma section
16. Puttalam
Further improvements are expected to be completed in the future.
Kumbalakara Arachchige Premawardana
Induction Training for new officers
Since the BDS is a division of the Ministry and its fulfils the ministry's vision.
Institutions taken over by the Government
Anuradha Jayarathne
It consists of two projects.
Board Meetings held in the year 2013
Elephant Orphanage
Heads of Community Based Organisations, Micro Finance Organisation Managers, Rural and Regional Level Field Officers, Community Organisations and Trainers
18. 85th John Tarbet Athletic Championship 2015
In laying the concrete ridge it was not equally levelled to the road on both sides and in some places the concrete ridge was below the block stones while in other places it was above the block stones.
R.M. Padma Udayashantha Gunasekara
4. Habitat Enrichment in reservation areas
In addition, Kandy town premises, Galle, Kurunegala and Puttlam areas have also been identified to have relatively higher air pollution in Sri Lanka.
(c) Expenditure
Monday
iii. Ensure food security through increasing food production at national level, based on homestead and village.
The field of modern technology includes communication and related sciences: information technology, electronics, telecommunications, microelectronics, space technology, robotics, photonics and new information.
No. of applications reviewed
Polonnarauwa Upcountry Social & Economic Centre
2.2 Observations made on site visits
A dearth of public officers is apparent in rural and remote areas due to the fact that employees have not been deployed properly by public institutions.
(c) Procurement Guidelines 2006
38.1 The maximum period during which an officer can serve in such post is five years.
Cultural Programs were also conducted by the school students from Jaffna and Mullaitivu Districts.
Eye Lenses and eye treatments
Report of the Directors
(k) Department of Management Services Circular No. 30
Current affairs (block vote)
Head of the Division (Services)
Accordingly, you are kindly requested to assign the officers in Development Officers' Service for the duties which fall under their scope excluding them from the duties of Sri Lanka Technological Service.
Fruit Research & Development Institute - Horana
(b) Vehicle condition: Vehicles to be obtained under this method should either be brand new or unregistered vehicles with a millage less than 1000 km
Annex 56
Length (Km): 10.72
Source - Sri Lanka Police
Providing eye lenses to 176 persons
Drivers 34
Examinations were conducted for students who completed computer courses and certificates were issued to about 200 students who completed the courses successfully.
However, as per the financial statement of the ICT Agency of Sri Lanka (Pvt) Ltd, it was Rs. 30,078,398.
Reasons for Closing Down
Budgetary provision required for the normal operations of the Department of National Budget was shown under Head 240 in the Budget Estimates for 2014 and allocations were provided under 2 programmes.
4. Related party transactions
Error Corrections
These officers also assist technical committees in purchasing weapons and equipment for the Ministry of Defense.
Net Cash Flow generated from investment activities (f)=(d)-(e)
Approved Staff of the Galle District Secretariat and the 19 Divisional Secretariats affiliated to it (Staff currently employed) are as follows.
5. Wathupitiwala
Procedures of the Department of Census and Statistics
A difference of Rs. 59,427,233 was observed between the balances relating to 02 items of accounts and the balances in the subsidiary registers as at the end of the year under review.
Process of registering marriages, births, and deaths
Traveling & subsidence – Mileage allowance
One day records management course is designed to accommodate Heads of the Departments, Records Managers, and Senior Executive Officials.
Maximum Limits of Debit Balance
Note 07
2 31/2001 (III)
Public Engagement Fund – Language Clusters
The 14th IORA Council of Ministers and Associated Meetings were held from 6th – 9th October 2014 in Perth, Australia.
iv.  Recognize the rights and needs of farmers and local communities in terms of biological resources
Identification of Suitable Areas for Groundwater Recharge in Sri Lanka (Phase I - Puttalam District)
Description of Work: -
Mrs. Lalani Perera
Search.
Establishment of the Sugathadasa National Sports Complex Authority
The total expenditure of the project up to the end of 2014 is Rs. 10 Million
Ponnampalam Siriskantharasa
The Horton Plains are the watershed for three major rivers, the Mahaweli, Kelani and Walawe.
Vehicles and Rehabilitation and Improvements
The prime objective of establishing this committee is to implement the policies and programs of the Ministry, the Sri Lanka Police, and the Special Task Force in a more pragmatic manner with the active participation of other agencies and Ministries.
Formulation of policies regarding the laws relating to and instrumental in the administration of Justice.
Further, special thanks should go to the secretary and the staff members of the Ministry of Social Services, the staff of the National Secretariat for Elders, and also the officers in the Divisional Secretariat who are in charge of the subject matter.
Problems in the protection of reservoirs due to unauthorized activities in the lakes, canals, and rivers
(a) Although 133 staff had been recruited, exceeding the approved cadre as at 31 December 2014, no proper approval had been obtained for those recruitments.
13. EXECUTION OF FOREIGN JUDGMENTS.
(a) Applications for security bonds had not been documented and the applications which were rejected had not been filled by pointing out the reasons for such rejections.
Several special places of interest and enjoyment to local and foreign tourists are also located in each and every corner of the Galle District.
Mr. M. J. Sethan Singho
As mandated at the 5th Technical Level Meeting, which was held in April 2013, the 1st Joint Working Group on Trade, Investment, Customs Cooperation and Auto Sector was held on 20th – 21st October 2014 in Islamabad to resolve some pending trade related matters.
(b) According to the Board of Survey of the year under review, the loss of Rs. 26,223 relating to 185 misplaced books had not been recovered.
(ix) Clean Energy & network Efficiency improvement Package 3 - 220 kV infrastructure Project
Note 01- cost of sales
(b). For Special Legal Activities - Special Law AuthorityNo. 1 of 2017.
Even though the by-laws should be imposed to execute 30 major matters under Section 126 of the Pradeshiya Sabha Act, the by-laws had been imposed for 51 matters including sub-matters by 31 December 2017.
End all forms of hunger and malnutrition
1. Introduction
3.1.3 An estimate of Rs. 6,282,320 (Australian $60,500) had been prepared for the design and installation of a Mobile Trading Portal Server for obtaining various information needed by the fishermen, their capacity development and the conduct of training programmes.
Bakery, Brick making, Laundry, Textile, Weaving, Carpentry, Masonry, Broom/ Besom Making, Soap Making, Blacksmith, Mechanic
With the help of the computer system, the Company was able to provide accurate and relevant information to its stakeholders.
Expenditure: Rs.185,968.35
Leadership and personality development programs, lectures by the University lecturers, musical programs, identified as a powerful tools in promoting social harmony and Effective Language Training Program in Sinhala, Tamil and English languages and many entertainment programs are included in these Youth Camps.
Total expenditure was Rs. 1. 013 Million.
3.5 Calculating the Period of Service
International Fund for Agricultural Development
Actions should be taken in accordance with the circulars.
Awareness of people and vocational trainers on occupational safety and health and conducting health clinics.
Government Contribution
The project received a large number of applications.
2. Increase in personal salaries and wages - Rs. 6,696,701/-
System Augmentation
10. Mercantile Investments and Finance PLC	10.12.2014)
National Secretariat for Non-Governmental Organizations
Annexure 3.9
D.G.S.A. - 1
Mr. H.K.S. Ishara
Reason to activate
4. Obscene Publications Bill
The Department of Pensions has made arrangements to settle the relevant loan balances at the time of the retirement of officers.
Lease Creditor – Bank of Ceylon
Priority has been given to invest in infrastructure facilities in line with the government policy on fivefold strategy.
Revision (Civil) and Leave to Appeal Applications
Progress Meetings
Expenditure Item Expenses
Industrial Division sponsored research, development projects and other technical services provided to industries
A committee was appointed to conduct a survey on land and buildings and thereby action has been taken to present a temporary assessment of the present valuation of lands and buildings to the General Assembly.
Disciplinary Management
Agricultural Crops Cultivation in Galle District (in Hectares)
District Secretariat (Vavuniya)
Nature of the SLFRS Adjustments / Effects
By December 31, 2013, the debt collection duration had expired.
Circulation revenue
Continuing with the same activity flowing from the past according to the Sri Lanka Railway's requirement on locomotive service maintenance, the following units were successfully recovered.
Statement of Obligations and Liabilities
19 Tamil Language Training Public Management Assistants
Issuing Elders Identity Cards
Dehiwala - Mt.Lavinia Urban Council
The assets' residual values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed if there is an indication of a significant change since the last annual reporting date.
Bandaranayake Mudiyanselage Shantha Sisira Kumara Bandaranayake
Scheduled Programmes by Language
902.41 acres of land was developed with the necessary infrastructure facilities such as electricity, water and road networks.
5.15 As far as possible, every transfer shall be effective with effect from 01st January of each year so as to avoid any inconvenience which may cause to the schooling of children.
Development Officer
Increase of income from Loan Interest
6.1.1 In accordance with the Appropriation (Amendment) Act No. 15 of 2015, budgetary provisions for implementing the functions / subjects in each new Ministry, have been allocated, considering the total expenditure which has already been incurred in 2015 and the expenditure to be incurred during the balance period of 2015.
3.3 Development of Human Resources
Drinking-Water Supply & Sanitation
Any industry manufacturing arms and ammunition, explosives, military vehicles and equipment, aircraft, and any other military hardware.
v. Providing technological solutions for conversion of 200,000 coordinates to 500,000 system and preparation of series of solutions for joining of lands, Jayaboomi deeds granted to the national system
Registrar,
Adjestment
Shipping Corporation Limited
561/3, Elvitigala Mawatha,
Revised estimate received on 18.05.2015 and Dams Safety and Water Resources Planning
Subsidy charges
Mr. H.R.S.D.W.Alwis
Mr. W. A. Thusitha Kumara
Calling for information to set maximum limits for each Ministry and Department based on the financial provisions provided under the Interim Account for the year 2018
(b) Action had not been taken for vesting of 05 clinic centres constructed by a project in the year 2014 to the Council.
Approved and Active Loan Projects for 2014
Development of Intelligent Transport Information System for Expressways in Sri Lanka
IX. Amounts due to Related Parties
The 650 meter long road of 3 meter width from Ganewatta Nalawa Sri Jaya Mawatha Road to Aluthgama Road completed at a value of Rs.4,323,983 had been concreted, however, after a lapse of one month the concrete was broken and completely removed exposing metal and sand and subjected to a physical examination in September 2017.
Daham Medura Ampara
Capacity Building
Coir
Awareness on Accounting Systems (Divisional Secretariat - Neluwa, Bope Poddala)
Differences can be observed in the certificates due to the changes in administration of educational institutions as well as the changes made in the syllabus.
I Level Sinhala
This is a separate Department for these services and is subject to scientific inquiries and reports issued by courts, police, customs, excise, local authorities, health, ports, other government departments, and statutory bodies.
Provision of legal protection and relief for the debtors to enable them to get back their immovable property such as agricultural land, housing property placed as security for a loan obtained on a Mortgage, Deed of Conditional Transfer, or Deed of transfer executed solely in respect of a loan transaction, by making payment in installment with a low rate of interest
Action will be taken to minimize the losses and misuses.
02.Promotion of Eco Tourism
Income from the registration of private management corporations
Sales of Goods and Services
Submission of informal letters from financial institutions
No. of Social Reports Prepared
Even though, a sum of Rs. 1,220,827 received relating to leasing of 03 motor vehicles belonging to the Sabha, it had continued to be shown as debtors.
Mr. M. K. D. Dayal Priyashantha
To formulate a systematic method to evaluate the progress of the officers
1. VISION & MISSION OF THE MINISTRY OF JUSTICE
03. Office, Record Room, and Production Room at Kekirawa District/ Magistrate's Court
Calling for Assessment reports
5. Issuing uniforms to poor students
New Year and Nethra Anniversary
Dehiwala Zoological Gardens that was started by Mr. John Hargenbergin, who is a German, on 11 acres of land in Dehiwala area and was officially taken over by the Government on the 1st of July 1936.
Auditor General’s Department,
Results to be achieved are:
Only the lands that are tenured by the Sabha with deeds are included in the Register of Land, and it should be mentioned that it does not reconcile with the final financial statement.
Special Advance
Executive Report
A very high proportion of the reported grave crimes consists of burglary, theft of bicycles, theft of cattle and theft of properties including plantation items over Rs.5,000.00 in value.
System Energy Losses
The estimates of public officer's advance account should be submitted as per the format given in Annexure V.
Furthermore, the loss levels in Sabaragamuwa and Uva provinces are high compared with the Western province South II.
04. The transfer scheme attached herewith shall be followed in taking decisions on matters such as eligibility of officers for transfers.
2013 ( Rupees )
The major contributions to the increase in import expenditure occurred from intermediate goods.
Source  : District Election Secretariat, Batticaloa
Circulars 06
Though the institutional working capital ratio dwindled on account of the above reasons, an improvement in the working capital ratio is shown in the year 2011 in comparison to year 2010.
Transfer Tax (People's Bank)
A statement on the responsibilities of directors of financial statements appears on page 22 of this Annual Report.
Deposit for use of postal seal
Consultation
“To facilitate coexistence between all species and human beings by maintaining an effective Wildlife Reservation Network.”
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of the Sri Lanka Cement Corporation
Hence, the total salary bill is paid by the funds transferred under the Block Grant.
CO 39
Application Form to apply for the New Insurance Scheme introduced as per Public Administration Circular 12/2005 (VI)
Provision for employee compensation
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations given to me, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters referred to in paragraph 2.2 of this report, I am of opinion that,
London Olympic 2012,
Other Gifts and Donations
Surveying works
Training on Taxes
Bank and cash in hand
Kobeigane Pradeshiya Sabha
No Ministries or Departments are required to retain any portion of the imprest for the year 2018, as this Department will be releasing the imprest for the year 2019 during the first working days of the month of January 2019.
Organized community members for National Ranaviru day 2011
Note 06.02-other income
The main objective of this Department is to develop and uplift the livelihood of the people with low income and to eradicate poverty.
Chairperson,
Number of Grama Niladharis employed
The corresponding level III oral tests for the written examination held on 29.09.2013 were held on 19th and 20th of July for 1198 candidates from Sambaragamuwa Province, for 1675 candidates from Eastern Province on 18th, 19th and 20th of July and for 2588 candidates from Central province on 26th and 27th of July.
Budget Circular No: 03 / 2017
Goods in transit
Remarks / Withdrawals
Ms. M. L. Karunarathna
Amount agreed to be financed as per the Project Agreement
Augmentation of Grid Substation for Absorption of Renewable Energy Project - Augmentation of Seethawaka, Balangoda, Badulla, Nuwara Eliya, Ukuwela Grid Substations and Construction of New Mahiyanganaya Grid Substation (Contract amount was Rs. 2,336 million) (Esot case)
Radiation Therapist, Teaching Hospital, Galle
Investment Promotion
Taking into consideration the recommendation of the Board of Survey, the final decision in relation to the vehicles to be disposed of, should be taken by the Chief Accounting Officers and Accounting Officers themselves.
Click here to download the application form and transfer procedure.
During this year, specific festivals such as 8th Asian Netball Tournament, Ranaviru Real Star Musical Competition and the Opening Ceremony of the Sri Lanka Premier League Cricket Tournament were also conducted at the Indoor Stadium.
The standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2015.
Retirements
Such grant is a sum calculated at the rate of fifty cents per vote polled by such party.
Professionalism
Service charge income
1.2 Comments on Financial Statements
Chairman & Managing Director
Deyata Kirula National Exhibition
3.5 Under-utilization of Funds
The details relating to the approved budget for the year 2012 and financial provisions of the Treasury are stated below.
2. Eighth Meeting of the SAFTA Ministerial Council, Thimpu, 24 July 2014
Medicinal Plant Garden, Ganewatta
Physical verification had not been carried out in respect of Property, Plant and Equipment for the year under review.
Divisional Secretariats –Bandarawela
School leavers, subject enthusiasts, teachers and practitioners interested in gaining knowledge in practical electronics attended the course, earning an income of approximately Rs.1,100,000/-.
Consumable stock
From the Surveyor General's Office
Developing effective management strategies to increase the capacity of performance and production
National Productivity Awards
It should be inquired from the bank to check what this money is.
Housing Scheme for Police Officers
Office Equipment and Computers
Rakna Arakshaka Lanka Ltd
Developing the Web Page
Auditor General's Report on 2012 Accounts
All the producers in the unit made their contribution by producing programs for the time belt.
Assistant Accountant (Permanent)
The programme’s objective was to ensure language rights of Tamil people in estates.
Mr. Damintha Kumarasighe
376.89 million (Rs. 229.98 million from the Treasury Fund and Rs. 149.91 million from the Zoo Development Fund) had been spent on its development from 2011 to 2014.
Training volunteers, active listeners as psychosocial workers and connecting them to community services
What makes it special is that the book that the reader carries is inevitably designed to be read with understanding.
Maubima Janatha Pakshaya
Public Administration Circular: 24/2014
Mr. H. M. U.S. Weerasekera Banda
Taking measures to market their products and thereby promoting the brand name of the STC
Further the deferred tax liabilities are recognized for accelerating depreciation and revaluation surplus.
(a) Contrary to provisions of the Procurement Guidelines and 207 Rules of Pradeshiya Sabha 1988 (Finance and Administration), 08 purchases valued at Rs. 484,667 had been made through the same institution.
According to the Organizational Structure of this Department the approved cadre of staff is 117 and the details of the approved cadre as at 2014.12.31 is as follows.
Vessels
300 Metre-Hurdle (Male)
Secretary to the Treasury (Acting)
From 01.01.2018
The availability of skilled labour is critical to facilitate the economic transition expected by the Government.
9 Vacation of Post
2.1.2 Comparative Information
Regional Cooperation Agreement (RCA)
Increase in provisions
(Expenditure Summaries 261-1-1-0-2401, 261-1-2-0-2401)
Contribute to export opportunities for export generating industries through free trade agreements
This will help to catch culprits in the police net and increase the speed at which criminals are bought before the law to resolve cases
(a) Out of assessment income to be recovered totalling Rs. 5,460,127 together with the arrears as at the beginning of the year under review and the billing of the year, a sum of Rs. 2,750,037 or 50 per cent only had been recovered.
Contact Details
4.2 Approved Staff Information
7. Sports Unit
E-mail - nilet@sltnet.lk
Action will be taken in future to formulate by-laws for regularization of activities of weekly fairs.
Provisions for pension gratuities
Workshop on Prevention of Radioactive Material Transit across the Borders of the Asia Pacific and the Middle East
12 Mr. P. D. C. L. Greshen Asst. Commissioner
Advertising
Ceylon Port Services Limited
The font size of all words/sentences left in trilingual must be equal.
Greater Colombo Water Supply Improvement and Improvement of the Waste Water Management Project - Phase 2
Asset Management Division
Ruwanthilaka Peduru Arachchi
Cash and cash equivalents
(b) Reversal of Previous Gains or Losses on Fair Value Measurement
Payments to Informants
15th Junior Asian Athletics Festival was conducted in the outdoor Stadium in this year.
Ambagamuwa Korale
Lake House Property Development (Private) Ltd
As per the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, I hereby submit the Recommendations for 2016.
Iodide
Northern Section II
Service Provided
Diploma on Translation Studies (part time)
Co-operative loan balance
Mr. J. M. Karunaratne
Secretaries to Ministries or officials of similar rank
Interest payment on foreign loans
Reprinting copies of the Sinhala/Tamil Letter Book
I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Explanations for variations between Net Provision and Actual Expenditure should be furnished in the D. G. S. A. 6 and 6(i) under each object code.
Overall Number 1 Division
Elections of the Co-operative Societies
Member countries are in the process of finalizing the National Schedules of Commitments under the SATIS.
Budget Formulation Guidelines
The course income had represented 14.79% of the total income.
Assistant Director (Hambanthota)
Prepared Foreign Financing Chapter for Ministry of Finance and Planning Annual Report 2013
Flight Crew Expenses
The Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development (ADB) has agreed to provide US $ 16 million for the expansion and reconstruction of narrow and old bridges on the national road network contributing to this purpose.
Mr. P. W. B. M. Wimalachandra
Peramaduwa
Dividend declared to government (25%)
However, the financial statements of the Project had been submitted only on 27 June 2017.
1.3 Comments on Financial Statements
Casual and Trainees
Ministry of Culture
Conducting a workshop to exchange knowledge of the GREEN JOBS which was funded by the International Labour Organization
Public Administration Circular : 01/2014 (VIII)
Implementation of Budget 2014 and Expenditure Management
Officers of Provincial Departments
9.6.7 Mr. R.G.D. Rankoth, who assumed duties in the Department of Elections on 04.11.1991, was transferred from the Anuradhapura Elections Office and was serving in the Kurunegala Elections Office, when he passed away on 18.09.2015 due to an illness; he was an officer who worked closely with all the officials of the Elections Department.
Sources of Funds
Department of Ayurveda
The existing training institute which is under the Department of Prisons had been planned to be rebuilt with much more facilities at Kotawilawatta area in Matara simultaneously to the national development programme named “Deyata Kirula” in year 2015.
Gonagalathenna tank
Providing medical assistance for the prevention of blindness
Non Compliance with the reference to particular Standard
It was special as he quoted, in his speech, different case studies and practical issues pertaining to the police service in the respective areas.
(f) the financial covenants laid down in the Grant Agreement had been complied with.
Source: Barclays Bank, HSBC and City Bank .
ITI scientists are increasingly engaged mainly in the field of food, pharmaceuticals, materials and chemistry, primarily in consultancy services, contract, and high demand research activities.
Construction of 220 houses for Internally Displaced Persons in Northern Province
Fines and forfeits (Customs)
The Office of the Supreme Court Registrar assists the affairs of the Supreme Court and provide provisions under section 234 of the Ministry of Justice.
Foreign grants
Syrian Arab Republic
25th October
Electronic modules in TV sets
New Acquisitions
Slope stabilization in Mahamaya Girls School-Kandy
Total 2011
Legal aid is given to persons whose monthly income is Rs. 15,000/= or less.
Possibility to incur additional costs
Other Special Programs
This has been made possible by various programmes that were followed, successfulness of the rules and regulations and methods of control that were applied, proper traffic control systems that were put into practice, road network that was upgraded as well as the field of health that has seen many advances.
40 computers, 45 UPS, 11 laptops, 23 printers, 13 fax machines, 59 clerical desks and 11 photocopy machines have been procured for the wildlife offices.
Ministry of Youth Affairs
06. Tunukkai
Switzerland   04
Amending Legislation
The institute changes its pattern of production as necessary, according to the fluctuations observed from the demand in rainy and dry seasons.
Shifting to value added products instead of using raw materials
Capital Grant Unspent
Six (06) promising sorghum accessions were evaluated under advanced yield trials.
The Board had not submitted a copy of the draft annual report for the year 2013 to the Auditor General as prescribed in Section 14(1) of the Finance Act, No. 38 of 1971.
Program Presentation Unit
Construction of Vavuniya Wildlife Administration Building
Accordingly, the International Construction Consortium (ICC) entered into two loan agreements with Commercial Bank and Hatton National Bank to obtain the loan amounting to Rs. 10.3 billion.
4.1 Organizational Chart
As per the Financial Statements presented for the years 2016 and 2017, position of the Cash Flow Statement is given below.
Recruitment
Mrs. Hasini Pallawala
Foundation Stone laying Ceremony for the new Paddy Store to be built at a cost of Rs. 30 Mn in Lunugamwehera, under the patronage of Minister of Rural Economic Affairs, Hon. P. Harrison, was held recently to overcome the difficulties faced by Farmers throughout the Paddy Purchasing Process.
Prof. H. Y. Ranjith Perera, Chairman Board of Governors
Lectures and training programmes were conducted for 473 Government and private sector officers including school children on herbarium techniques & management, Bio-diversity, and other related areas.
Significant level capital infusion is necessary to make a higher contribution to the economy through more value addition.
Dry Zone Urban Water Supply and Sanitation Project - Additional Financing
Authorized Officer:
Major projects implemented in the year 2014
Empowering them by means of their economy, provide employment opportunities in collaboration with the Ministry of Labour and Private Sector as well as make them for prior preparation towards other services
Rental income from leased properties is recognized on accrual basis.
The Project is required to maintain proper books and records of all its income, expenditure, assets and liabilities, to enable annual and periodic financial statements to be prepared by the Project.
No of clients serviced by LAC during  the period January to December 2014
Measures and recommendations taken to improve the performance of SOBEs
9.4.9. Fifteen Officers of Public Management Assistants’ Service and 02 Drivers who expressed desire to serve in this Department were transferred to this Department under inter departmental transfers.
Obtaining services from a translator for Doctors who are not proficient bilingually
The number received in the year 2014 - 61
Department of Fisheries
Fourth place
Therefore, The Finance Commission comprises five members.
Further, the Project shall,
4. Providing audio equipment and other facilities for the auditorium
(Designation should be confirmed by placing a frank)
The bridge is 150 meters long and 1.2 meters wide.
All the property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation.
Granting Self Employment aid -2011
Mrs. K.G.K. Wimalaweera
Security service
Our mission is to contribute to the creation and promotion of a quality drama and theater culture in Sri Lanka, to provide the necessary knowledge and infrastructure, to develop new avenues for the acquisition of new experience, technology, and knowledge in the use of universal drama and theater, and to encourage drama and theater artists to produce creations for the development of the country and enrichment of the mankind.
Ministry of Social Empowerment and Social Welfare
Completed Language classes which have been commenced from 2014
Matters Relating to Public Housing
The debtors older than 3 years amounted to Rs. 130,092,778 or 20 per cent.
Letters were sent to community presidents informing of the National Tree Planting day on 15.11.2011
Producing Entrepreneurship Oriented Graduates and other Human Resources in technologies associated with Regional Sciences through an entrepreneurial Institution supporting knowledge Economy of Sri Lanka.
The relevant Loan Agreements were signed on 31st December 2014, and are being implemented by the National Water Supply and Drainage Board under the Ministry of Water Supply and Drainage.
Video Cameraman
The construction also involves culverts/ bridges/ soft ground treatment using brand drains/ Compact Vacuum Consolidation (CVC)/ rock replacement and excavation/ filling/ blasting/ compaction and asphalt pavement works.
(Total value of this column should tally with the figures shown in annexure D. G. S. A. 4 of the Appropriation Account)
Schedule - 02
4.  Human Resources Management
Sampath Bank
Possible to misuse the motor vehicles
Note
Change of souvenir stock
Kankesan Cement Works
(e) compilation of COO related data and analytical reports.
Trade and other receivables
The Management has made an assessment of its ability to continue as a going concern and is satisfied that it has the resources to continue in business for the foreseeable future.
Staff Details
In the year 2014 21 new Grama Niladharis were recruited.
An amount of USD 750 can be paid as an entertainment allowance at the request of a Minister or a Secretary to a Ministry that leads the delegation.
SC TAB Appeal
Officers of the Department of Police undergo their duty training mainly based in the Police Training College at Kalutara and the National Police Academy at Katana.
18 Commencement of Surety
Monthly Summary of Rent and Mobilization Advance Accounts
As a Fixed Assets Module in the CIGAS programme has been developed considering the requirements of maintaining the fixed assets register as per the Treasury Circular No. 842 dated 19.12.1978 and the fixed asset register on Computer Accessories and Software as per the Internal Audit Circular No. IAI/2002-2 dated 28.11.2002, it is not compulsory to further maintain the fixed assets register and the register of Computer Accessories and Software.
6. The Limits proposed for the year 2019
I. Statute / Authority – Establishment Code / Land Development Ordinance / Public Administration Circular: 12/2020
That situation was an action taken contrary to the Rule 207 of 1988 Pradeshiya Sabha (Financial and Administration) Rules.
Abbreviations
Time taken for converting the manufactured stocks to sales had increased from 77 days to 90 days.
Training to improve other language ability of Hindu priests and Aranery School Teachers were started in August 2014 in Batticaloa and Jaffna Districts.
Table 09: Income of the Department
The overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation were evaluated.
During this year, 761 trainee lawyers have been trained in 3 groups.
Construction of a part of the Divisional Secretariat Buiding, Kattankudy
Central Bank Profits
Physical Progress as at end of September 2011: 4%
Non - Cash Movements
Primary level
Certificates have been issued to them.
The agency mandated to issue warnings in the case of floods is the Irrigation Department.
26th August - 13th September
More recently, the country’s vulnerability to low frequency and extremely high impact events was amply demonstrated by the Asian Tsunami of 26th December 2004 which resulted in almost over 35, 000 deaths.
Rule 206
As per the census conducted in 2012, the population of the Galle District was 1,063,334 and population distribution by Divisional Secretariat Divisions and gender can be mentioned as follows.
However, awarding of NCB contract packages under ID and MASL have shown fairly good progress compared to RDA and NBRO.
Statement of Comprehensive Income
(e) An overpayment totalling Rs. 52,950 had been made under Work Item 02 for renovating the road by laying interlock stones, from the community hall of Pothanegama, Kumbukkadawala up to Nipunagama road.
Three-wheelers
Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy
Total cost was Rs. 740, 591/-.
Come to office and get money.
G.S.O.U Expenses
Further expanding Pakistani support, Pakistan has granted US $ 72,000 to the handloom textile industry in Divulapitiya, Gampaha.
Place of Printed
7.Kotmale
Details of Treasury Expenditure
4th Asian Regional Public Debt Management Forum - Georgia
Name of the Provincial Sports Complex
(f) Sustainable Development Goals
Policy on Accounting for Investments had not been disclosed in the financial statements.
During the year, the Division issued 252 performance test reports mainly for testing of surge protective devices, cables, socket outlets, switches, PSTN, routers and batteries.
18. Divisional Secretariat - Four Gravets, Galle
Info Media (Private) Ltd
The inaugural session of the course was held under the patronage of the Secretary to the Ministry.
The inauguration ceremony of this activity was held on 10.07.2015 under the patronage of Minister Hon. Karu Jayasooriya.
Consultancy Services through the National Design Centre
Expenditure Summary 261-1-2-0-2401 - A provision of Rs. 1,100,000.00 has been received for the development of knowledge and the organizational development of the Divisional Secretariat staff.
KCL Solution
Appellate Procedure
Second Place - Kahawatta Consumer Service Centre, Eheliyagoda Area Office, and Meter Testing Laboratory
Skills Development Project (Part A)
Appointing an acting officer until a suitable officer is appointed.
This circular will not apply to state owned enterprises in sub-category "F" that are governed by the relevant act of Incorporation, the Companies Act, the respective Articles of Association and provisions of other applicable laws including Taxes and other Regulatory provisions.
The Government of Sri Lanka receives over 600 long-term (8 months or more) and short-term training opportunities annually under the Technical Assistance Programme from more than 15 development partners.
The Chart appearing below illustrates the attendance of each of the Directors.
All the other expenses have been adjusted in the Income Statement.
14. Conservation study, commentary and training
Land Area with Inland Water (Square KMs)
Fabricating and Fixing Aluminum partitioning in Civil Appeal High Court
Third Season Green Gram Cultivation - Mee Oya Scheme
Earning per share
Two trade stalls had been kept closed from the year 2010 to September 2012 and according to the valuation report dated 29 December 2010, the rent of those amounted to Rs. 7,000 and Rs. 7,500 respectively.
Nominee of the Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture
MSc. in International Shipping -UK
Minimizing postharvest losses in Home Gardening chains of SAARC countries
Receiving community correction orders for minor offenders
Mr.Leslie Weeramantry
Allocation: Rs. 1,000,000.00
Source: 119 Emergency Call Unit
Details on committees set up and meetings held during the year 2014 are shown in the Numeric Table – 19.
Sri Lanka has exported USD 12.59 million worth of goods to Bangladesh, India, Maldives, Nepal and Pakistan under the South Asia Free Trade Agreement in 2014.
SIGNIS Tele Awards
Department of Buddhist Affairs
Government Provisions are used to carry out major development and investment projects.
(c) Even though the debtors balances for more than 1 year as at 31st December 2013 was Rs.65,464,439 most of the balances outstanding have been recovered during the year 2014.
2. Objectives and Role of the District Secretariat
23 Others (Distress Loans)
2. Organization Chart
Accordingly, 2380 public officers were trained in 2015 through 32 sessions of the 12-day non-residential Sinhala/Tamil Language Training Programmes and the total cost spent was Rs.3,313,785.00
This programme highlighted the project of Yodha Wewa in the Northern and Eastern areas with Post-war progress have allowed paddy cultivation to resume successfully.
(c) Whether adequate accounting records were maintained on a continuing basis to show the expenditure of the Project from the funds of the Government of Sri Lanka, the progress of the Project in financial and physical terms, the assets and liabilities arising from the operations of the Project, and to identify purchases under the loan,
P. S. Wimalaweera
Observing Guru Poojas of Hindu Saints, conducting Hindu Lectures and preserving the traditions by conducting Hindu Festivals.
Institutional Administration Services
Reviewing the progress and conducting the follow up activities of the programmes implemented by the Ministry
The radial velocity of the blue shifted component of Hα (Alpha) line was found to be 221km/s and agrees with the value found in previous studies.
Celebrating the Republic Day
IAEA/RCA Technical Meeting on Processing, Analysis and Interpretation of Isotopic and Hydrogeochemical Data for Groundwater Dynamics and Recharge
Financial Information on Expenditure
Third instalment
05. Secretary to the Ministry of Disaster Management
The transport sector accounts for approximately 60 percent of the total fuel consumption in Sri Lanka.
Salinity in the soil is more critical in onion cultivation.
b. In my opinion - I have obtained all the information and explanations required for the audit and as far as appears from my examination, proper accounting records have been kept by the Company.
Course (Distance Studies) - 29 (HDC 29)
(a) Assets/ Properties
Ministry of Higher Education
Complaints with Insufficient Details -   07
Nine items of Sports equipment amounting to Rs.907,684 purchased for the Urban Park in the year under review had not been brought to account under fixed assets.
43 Mrs. P. S. Jayawardhana, P. M. S. II
Officer Category / Grade
As decided by the Director General of the Department of National Budget, considering the market prices of vehicles
Agreed amount of money
1.0 Introduction
4.2 The staff
Nuwara Eliya District
Kegalle District Stadium
Following Numeric Table shows the progress achieved in consequence of such activities.
To All the Secretaries to the Ministries, Chief Secretaries of the Provincial Councils, Heads of Departments
Monthly public assistance
Vans
10th to 12th of January
(a) The comprehensive overall plan and action plans which should be clearly identified the responsibilities of the core staff with the physical and financial targets had not prepared in order to take corrective measures to achieve the Project objectives effectively and efficiently.
(14) Seed Capital
District Planning Secretariat
Registrar General Department Employees' Thrift and Credit Co-operative Ltd.
Total of Reimbursements received during the year 2014, in respect of years 2014
Preparation of schemes of recruitment and approval of recruitment procedures
(iii) Title Deeds
These Sinhala and Tamil part-time language training courses are divided into four levels I, II, III, and IV and cover 250 hours by Level I, 200 hours by Level II, 150 hours by Level III, and 100 hours by Level IV
All those courses were successfully completed and, money incurred in this regard was Rs. 1031344.00.
Projects 1
(iii) It has been brought to accounts by mistake.
Department of Science Technology & Research
Monthly Allowance for cancer patients
The rate of depreciation applicable on Straight Line Method is as follows.
Budgetary Framework of 2017
Balance at the end of the year - 916
The Divisions called Development, Examinations, Translation, Language Laboratory, Publications and Selling, Glossary, Research and Library have been established to carry out said functions.
Execution of Activities not Budgeted
Intangible Assets
The Group expects to pay for unused holiday entitlement.
Information of approved Staff for the Department of National Zoological Gardens.
Emergency Natural Disaster Rehabilitation Project
Progress of work done by generated funds
Wireless Irrigation Automation
A large number of functions such as re-laying of the 400m synthetic track and repairing and painting the Soccer ground had been performed.
Total Number of Complaints
Furniture & Fittings
Language
Increase in the number of female-headed Households that have built houses through a financial assistance program
Mail and Communications
J.J. Rathnasiri
Under this, 40 double cabs and 30 single cabs were purchased and distributed to wildlife zones.
Technical Assistant, Non-Destructive Testing Section (NCNDT), Atomic Energy Authority
The Livestock Development Division plans and implements projects with the objectives of encouraging producers to supply more hygienic and qualitative animal products to the market and saving foreign exchange required for importing livestock products.
Net cash earned from/(used) operating activities
Other Constructions
Arrangements have been made to distribute raw material kits to the craftsmen who participated in training programs held in the Colombo District and received awareness on new designs and related technology.
Asia Power
By now, the Ministry has completed preparing the five-year action plan of the ‘Road Map’ in collaboration with the Department of Official Languages, the Official Language Commission and the National Institute of Language and Training which are affiliated to the Ministry.
Mr. K. Wasantharaja
Sisu Diri Scholarships
18.08.2014 3/2014	Guidelines for preparation of Budget Estimates for 2015
4.1.18. Progress of the Survey, Standardization and Services Unit - 2015
Ms. Peiris holds a degree in Veterinary Medicine from the University of Peradeniya and a Postgraduate Degree in Regional Development and Planning from the University of Colombo and a Diploma in Design and Development from the Sri Lanka Institute of Development and Administration (SLIDA).
Camera Lenses Fault repairs
Note - 16
These programmes are organized at service station level and conducted in government institutions such as Government Departments, Divisional Secretariats and Police Stations covering a duration of 4 to 6 hours per week, without causing disturbance to office duties of the participants.
Hope to improve Sojan system further in other areas in Galle & Matara.
Postal and communication
2.2 Non-compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations
They were posted to the voters on 29.07.2015.
Torrington Avenue,
Recurrent (DGSA 3)
The theme of the conference was “Climatic Change impacts and Sustainability of paddy farming in Asia”.
Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs
Net Assets per Share
The General Information, Revenue and Expenditure reports of the Pradeshiya Sabhas and Urban Councils were obtained for the year 2014 and these data were sent to the Head Office for the preparation of expenditure analysis of national level revenue expenditure.
Livelihood Allowance for Persons with Disabilities (Rs. 3,000 allowance)
The revenue of the institutions represents the income from government grants and other miscellaneous income.
Millaniya
Pinnaduwa to Matara (30 Km)
Mr. Ajith Jayawardhana (Senior lecture/Attorney at law)
Member of Parliament - Colombo District
Officer – In charge
The Child Protection and Juvenile Justice Project is currently focusing on the refurbishment of Courts in Ampara, Monaragala, Vavuniya, Batticaloa, Anuradhapura and Jaffna.
Table VII
Telephone:
Judicial Administration
Public Administration Circular: 12/2005 (VI)
4 Special Program
3.1 Utilization of Funds
Affairs relating to sects (nikaya) and chapters of the sect
Regional Training Course on the Overview of 3D-CRT and Site Specific Radiotherapy Planning
Annex (I)
12.10. With the increase of the production of the register in CD format while limiting the preparation of the register in book form, Rs.7.94 million of revenue could be earned in 2015 by the sale of electoral register in compact discs.
I am of the opinion that except for the effects on the financial statements for the of the matters referred to in paragraph 2.2 of this report, the Condominium Management Authority had maintained the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2011 in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards and the financial statements give a true and fair view.
Public Health
These statistics are collected annually.
Specialist for Occupational Diseases
for Secretary to the Ministry / Head of Department
5 RTK Survey activities at Ranminitenna
Enhancement - Distribution S/S (Number)
Name of the tank
Seminars and Workshops for Aranery School Teachers
The following table depicts the Company's financial assets and liabilities maturity analysis as at 31 March 2013 based on the remaining period at the end of the reporting period to the contractual maturity date.
In this workshop an awareness was created on the usage of personal protection equipment and there importance, occupational diseases and the way to behave in an accident.
A meeting on the responsibility of the Ministries on the Implementation of the Official Language Policy and Social Integration was held on 01.09.2014 with the participation of Secretaries of the Ministries.
The Government Analyst's Department is comprised of two main divisions namely the Forensic Science Section and the Food Science Division.
NASDA Fund
The reports pertaining to the investigation programmes have been prepared.
The work is completed.
18 Course on Public Accounting Procedure Public Management Assistants
03 Sinhala Reconciliation Camp - Punthottam
Jordan
5. Secretary, National Salaries and Cadres Commission
Employee number
750 copies of the 644 page book Moovar Thamilum Saivanerium book consisting of 40 research essays  was printed.
Kuwait
02. Mr. A. J. Malawara Arachchi
With the aim of creating new self-employment opportunities for women, the Rural Development Department promotes women's job related skills through the above training courses every year so that they can earn an income as a self - employed entrepreneur.
These Mobile Services were carried out especially covering the Northern and Eastern Provinces, the Estate Sector, rural areas. (Mullathive, Kilinochchi, Mannar, Baticaloa, Trincomalee, Ampara, Ratnapura, Badulla and Nuwara Eliya Districts)
Special attention is needed in respect of the following areas of control.
Assistant Director (Services) (SLAS 11/111)
Since the relevant officers did not have an adequate opportunity to acquire the required level of proficiency in the other official language in terms of the new provisions introduced by the above circular within the period of concession provided in the said circular, it was decided at the meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers held on 07.08.2014 to grant a period of concession up to 30.06.2016 to fulfil the relevant requirement.
With a view to reducing the non-performing assets of the State Banks, shares of Sri Lankan Airlines held by BOC, PB & NSB were bought back.
In conducting these training programs, Quality Management Officers were made aware on relevant quality matters required to close non-conformities raised by internal auditors
E.U.
Technical Loss Reduction
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations given to me, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters referred to in paragraph 3.3 of this report, I am of opinion that,
But procurement activities of the specified functions  had been carried out only up to the end of the year under review by spending Rs. 29,230.
Asia Pacific Forum on Financial Inclusion - China
Mechanical hours
1 Significant Accounting Policies
Research and Advisory Fund
Branch Offices
Group Financial Statements
The impact arising from the above changes are summarized below.
1.2. Comments on Financial Statements
By transfer
Kadawatha - Ambepussa: 48.2 km
The investigation into stealing 7 bottles of arrack
I communicated with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that I had identified during my audit.
1. District Divi Neguma Office
The totals of preferences of these two summary sheets per candidate will be the final total of preferences for that counting centre.
(iii) Fisheries Management
All officers who joined the Public Service/Provincial Public Service on Open, Limited and Merit basis from 2007.07.01, and who enter such service in future, should acquire the proficiency level applicable to the relevant post in the official language other than the official language in which such officer joined the service, within 05 years from entering the service, subject to the following exceptions.
Selling, Marketing and Advertising Expenses
Twenty one balances totaling Rs. 32,825 relating to 06 categories of deposits had been omitted from the financial statements.
Chilaw Plantations Ltd
The Corporate Constitution of the Company is being finalized.
Homagama Pradeshiya Sabha
Implementation of the model programme in selected 25 Divisional Secretariats
On examination of the Kuliyapitiya Solid Waste Management Centre on 18 May 2018 it was observed that an excessive bad odour spread from the pig slaughter house premises and surrouinding area of the Centre.
Central Engineering Consultancy Bureau
The Authority received funds amounting to Rs.15 million from the Treasury in the year 2011 to design plans for the above housing schemes and the plans of the following housing schemes were finalized by the end of 2011.
Industrial Development Board - Central Province
SCHEDULE 03
The Training Workshop on CIGAS for Southern Provincial Accountants
Rental income from renting property
Ministry of Social Empowerment and Social Welfare
Disaster Management Activities
Balance as at 31.12.2011
Statement of Comprehensive income–Project Division
T.P. - 0112883926/0112883928
Subject Matter Specialist
An impairment loss is recognized immediately in the statement of comprehensive income.
Providing bonuses to the Sri Lankan cricket team participating in the ICC Cricket World Cup 2015.
Project: KT 04
Removal of Office
Mr. T. D. Handagama  (Up to 19th August 2013)
The radial velocity values for blue shifted Ballmer series spectral lines Hα, Hβ, Hγ and Hδ (H Alpha, H Beta, H Gamma, H Delta) which should be originated in the different regions of the expanding envelope have been found to be decreasing with the higher orders of the series.
8. Customer Service Authority
Analyzing the relevant facts after storing the information through a well prepared database is yet to take place.
(b) Treasury Circular No.842 dated 19 December 1978.
Other
Management Assistant
(B) Original / Certified Bills of the Hospital
Organizational Structure
Meegahakiula
Lakvijaya Coal-Fired Power Station at  Puttalam
Wildlife treatments
Since we have achieved self–sufficiency in paddy and OFC is better solution for the drought situation, we have started shifting to other crops instead of paddy.
As such the surplus for the year under review had been understated by a sum of Rs.10,746,805.
Raththota
Promoting paddy lands for optimal water management in a way that can successfully meet such challenges.
4.1.11. "Hall De Galle" hall of the District Secretariat.
Lectures and telescope demonstrations were conducted for 59 participants from the Vocational Training Authority
Virusahana Ranaviru Village
Common interpretations relating to the election activities
1. Welfare and Development for the Persons with Disabilities
Assets have been revalued in the year 2017.
Two Sri Lankans convicted of offenses in the United Kingdom have been extradited to Sri Lanka under the provisions of this Act, to serve the term of imprisonment imposed upon them.
An audit also includes assessing accounting policies used and significant estimates made by management as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
Senior Manager
A workshop on Risk Assessment and Risk Management of 'Genetically Modified Organisms' was held on 17th September 2014.
Ranaviru Flage Sales income
Depreciation during the year
6.2 Performance of the Geodetic Survey Unit in the year 2014
Development activities of the Trincomalee Industrial Estate commenced parallel to 'Nagenahira Nawodaya' program.
6. Narammala
Basic work done to achieve the mission of wise use of the coastal belt and the surrounding sea
Goods
Installation of AC units for the following units.
A stage drama named “Heros Never Die” was staged on 28th of February 2014 by the prisoners of Welikada Prison, with a view of developing skills in arts & drama.
This was an increase of 109% over that of the preceding year.
This system will provide new facilities such as the release of direct payments to banks, institutions or individuals in the future.
Payments of "Sisudiriya" Scholarships
Implementation of the NPFSI at National and District Level
The laying pipelines and fixing of a water pump in respect of supplying water from the well constructed by spending Rs. 1,156,092 in the year 2017 had not been executed even by 16 March 2018.
If you need any clarifications on the above, please contact the relevant subject officer of the Department of National Budget.
Amount of Depreciation
Caveat Prohibition Registration Fees
Nochchiyagama
The course was conducted for 03 months.
Per capita GDP at market prices (Rs.)
Issuance of Sri Lanka Sovereign Bonds
No. of Participants
The following non-compliances were observed in the audit.
The actual production units had been 3,112,050 or 33 per cent of the estimated production.
iv. Foster Parent Programme
Whether the financial covenants laid down in the Grant Agreement had been complied with
Empower Disabled People
Performance Report 2009
(h) As per the monthly summary, the salaries and allowances for the year under review was Rs. 18,682,433.
The approval of the Treasury for that had also not been obtained.
The Director is also an ex-officio member of the Board of Management, the Academic Syndicate and all Boards of Study of the Institute, and presides at all meetings of the Board.
Banks and other lending finance companies restricting the granting of loans for condominium property.
2.1 Natural Death Cover – Only for Member Rs. 400, 000.00
A Nation celebrating unity in diversity endearingly intertwined by the two languages
The loss for the year under review had increased to 31006% as compared to the previous year.
There were liabilities on account of expenditure to be incurred for essential expenses and payments have been made accordingly.
All night pirith chanting was held on 25.09.2014 and a commemoration ceremony was conducted on 01.10.2014 to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the Department of Wild Life Conservation.
Expected benefit would not be received by the intended parties.
Issued applications
(v) Expenditure of salaries for June 2018 (As per the expenditure object code No. 1001)
Mr. M.H. Muinudeen
Management Services Circular: 05/2017
1.1 Vision
Even though a period of 03 years had elapsed after the break down of about 20 feet of the side wall constructed near the sports ground and the car park, that had not been repaired.
Cargo Examination Fees Fund
12/08 to 14/08/2013 To participate at the Multi–Year Program on Advanced Railway Operation organized by the Korea International Co-operation Agency (KOICA)
(b) A copy of the Audited Balance Sheet
members
Increase in General Deposits
That inspection also included such tests as deemed necessary to assess the following.
Motor Vehicles
Establishment of a programme to support for south & west units
In the event of a child defaulting on any maintenance payment ordered by the Maintenance Board, the Board may make submissions to the Magistrate's Court to enforce that decision in terms of Section 32 of the Act.
It is also needed to create a conducive environment for obtaining active participation of the private sector in new investment programs.
Acquisition of laboratory equipment
Fresh pineapple
03. The provisions of this circular shall be effective from 27.08.2019.
Provincial Sports Officers and Coaches
Kalu Ganga Water Supply Project
(a) A plan for the supply of the balance amounting to Rs. 2,128,720 (Australian $20,500) other than the money supplied by the foreign fund for this project was not available.
Your attention is drawn to Public Administration Circular No. 09/2006 dated 2006.05.30 issued on office hours of public officers.
3. Introduce the Guidelines for Internal Auditing
9.1 Software Development
Dr. W. M. S. Wijesinghe
(a) The activities of the Project for the year under review had not been subjected to the Internal Audit Section of the Ceylon Electricity Board, as required by the Part C (10) of the Appendix 4 of the Grant Implementation Manual.
Training
Promotion
China Development Bank
Numeric Table - 09
Rs. 111,900 .00
Programmes, implemented during the year under review
Gains and losses arising from changes in the assumptions, current service cost and interest are recognized in the statement of comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.
Gross Carrying Amounts 2011.04.01
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
To maintain financial and physical progress  at the highest 100% level for development programs.
Ms. V. Vijayasothy
Taking action to submit Annual Accounting Statements of the institutions coming under the Ministry to the Parliament
Foreign currency transactions are converted into the functional currency of the respective Group entity using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
Conducting awareness programmes to making awareness Officials, General public and school children in relation to Hazards, Risk and Vulnerability of Disaster Management
03. Surgeon and Anesthetic’s fees in respect of Consultant and Specialist’s fees for indoor treatments at a hospital or a nursing home - Rs. 20,000.00
Progress reports
Agronomy
Project
Further, the officers beyond 59 years of age who serve at popular service stations should not be transferred unless they make a request.
Organizing Sinhala-Tamil national festivals, youth exchange programmes, programmes for opening up self-employment opportunities through language proficiency, organizing friendship camps for enhancing Sinhala –Tamil friendship and conducting language campaigns, are some of them.
(f) Management Assistant – Non Technical C1 (MA1-1)
(b) Even though the Centre had spent a sum of Rs. 203,850 for obtaining the ISO-9001 Certification, that Certificate had not been obtained even by 31 December 2012.
(c) Abandoned Tasks
Mr. M. R. D. A. D. Mudannayake
Funds and Reserves
Galoya
Mr. Dayarathna Ratagedara
Assistant Director (Laboratory), Central Environmental Authority, Densil Kobbekaduwa Mawatha, Battaramulla
The Best Artist of the Year
3.7 Vehicle Utilization
Incentive
I respectfully submit herewith the said documents.
Management Engineer (Inspection), Ceylon Petroleum Corporation, Oil Refinery 11, Kelaniya
Value Change Profit/ Loss
2. 03 Training Programs were conducted for Court Registrars.
Department of Immigration and Emigration
The progress achieved in year 2015 by the Survey, Standardization and Services Unit can be shown as follows.
4x400 Metre-Relay
1. Ranaviru children savings investment scholarships
MR. M.A.S.S.K. Chandrasiri
Income and Recoveries
Galle City, the Capital of the Southern Province has been a very famous and highly populated City which is being developed rapidly.
Accordingly, the total of approved cadre as at 31.12.2014 was 86.
As such the Department had incurred a loss of Rs. 4.8 million during the year under review too.
11. Kolonna
3. Cash Book Balance at the end of last month: Rupees Date: 2019 / ... / ...
July
06. Examination of land acquisition and related legislation
Note 9
Cost of production Transferred to Income And Expenditure
Ali Zahir Moulana Seyed
05. Honouring of Creations and Publication of Books
Selection of 15 survey conductors by each Provincial Officers and training them.
For the programmes in Jaffna
3.4 Assets Management
Thus in addition to the appointments mentioned in the Act, an opportunity was provided at the Presidential Election to appoint a certain number of agents for each candidate according to the number of counting premises and counting centers.
Mr. C. Maliyadde
i. The following are significant judgments in applying the accounting policies that have most significant effect on the financial statements.
Ajith Abeysekara
Date of Salary Increment
1000 copies of the book "Kittiyum Kalatta Manimalayum" which is the Tamil translation of the children’s book "Gejji Malaya" and 1000 copies of the book "Kikili Amma" which is the Sinhala translation of the book "Koli Ammawum Mayil Kunjuhalum" were printed.
Sri Lanka Judo Association
The main festivals of the country are Thaipongal, Sinhala Hindu New Year festival, Hadj Festival, Deepavali, and Christmas.
Giving a book allowance to Ahadiya Dhamma School teachers.
Cultural & Religious Programmes
The following staff members were given local training in different fields in the year 2014.
Operational Program
Plans are being implemented to develop the area by renovating existing buildings and to improve the road system in the area.
N.B. You should attach the relevant bank receipt to the admission card and produce it at the examination.
Expenditure on Certificate Course
Clove
Colombo Power (Pvt) Ltd.
Name of the Institute
Five-days training Programme on Basic Psychological Counseling was conducted on 22nd July 2014 for 50 work supervisors at Research & Correction Training Centre of the Department of Prisons at an expense of Rs. 212, 691.00.
(i) A sum of only Rs. 8,865  had been utilized from the estimated provision of Rs. 490,000 made for Solid Waste Management Programme.
Examination for Recruitment of Sworn Translators (Sinhala, Tamil and English)
A foreign grant for equipment to the value Rs.66,773,684.69 was received on 27/12/2012 from the government of Japan through JICA Sri Lanka.
The New Galle Grid Substation will be constructed under Lot A of the project.
Public Relations Office
Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised.
With the intention of increasing the production capacity of the Mannar Saltern, the area of ​​production land has been developed up to 110 acres in saltern which was 240 acres by 2010.
This was mainly possible due to the unified corporate strategies that were implemented in promoting the brand image, by incorporating it into the mindset of "ANCL" customers.
Demarcating and conserving irrigation reservations
Capital Accumulation
1. Agriculture
Construction of Dyraaba Dam
In cases where it is not otherwise stated, the preparation of those accounts is done on a modified cash basis.
These agreements valued US $ 77 million are expected to be signed in 2015.
Ukraine
Accordingly, it reflects the country's evolution and focuses on priority programs of middle-income countries such as skills development, transportation services, and sustainable energy optimization.
Table 2. Translation and Computerization of list of names for gazette notification
Maha Oya, Lahugala, Akkaraipattu (Vacancy II), Kalmunai, Sammanturai, Akkaraipattu (Vacancy III)
Accordingly, the number of claims and objections received, accepted and rejected according to the electoral district are given in Table V.
(J) Maintenance Board Meetings
(a) It was observed that the cost of construction of the Outer Circular Highway - Phase III agreed with the contractor is remained high when compared with the costs of construction of other Phases of the Highway, due to higher rates applied for several items included in the Bill of Quantities prepared thereon.
Number of Programs
State Ministers
Development partners/ lending institutions
The industry initiated technology collaboration projects which necessarily involved a significant volume of work of R & D nature including the continued hardware recovery services provided to Sri Lanka Railways for the recovery of advanced microprocessor based control and sub systems of Alston Class M 9 Locomotives and Sefang Class S 9 power coaches.
Other facts
Pay attention on expenditure management.
The objective of this programme was to promote the effective service delivery of the public service and to facilitate for effective implementation of the Official Language Policy by strengthening public officer’s with second language proficiency.
Preparation and submission of 10 Cabinet Memoranda which require approval for the implementation of development project proposals and provide them to relevant institutions and take follow up action
Submission of Annual Performance Report – 2014 of the Ministry prepared as per Public Finance Circular No. 402 to be tabled at the parliament and other institutions
Office - 011-2672646
5.10. If the Secretary, Chairman, Treasurer and Executive members of the central committee of a Trade Union recognized by the Director General of Combined service are transferred, such transfer shall be made, so as not to affect the activities of the Trade Union and considering the recommendation of the Secretary of Trade Union.
ii. Special Projects proposed by Provincial Council Members
Deputy Secretary to the Treasury
Accumulated depreciation allocations as at 01.01.2011
Badulla Vincent Dias Sports Complex
Exports Percentage
Mr. N. A. Fernando
In terms of the Article 154R (4) of the Constitution of Sri Lanka
This Ministry has already set up 72 Bilingual Facilitation Cells in all the 72 Divisional Secretariat Divisions.
Education Unit,
Numeric Table - 07
Rs. 1,322,675
Service stations and the periods of service from the first appointment
(v) Loss of single tooth
2.2.4 Unexplained Changes
SriLankan Airlines informed the Lessor as well as Hi-Fly and also brought the matter to the attention of the engine manufacturer.
Profit before tax of CCFL has increased by 75 percent during the year.
Recommendations were given to improve the quality of programmes with the aim of increasing its customer base and market share.
Sri Lanka’s multilateral trade relations primarily focus on the World Trade Organization (WTO) Agreements.
The work which should have been completed by November 2012 according to the agreement had not been completed even by April 2013.
Province Specific Development Grant (PSDG)
The Commission admires the service he rendered to the Department.
The National Building Research Organization (NBRO) was established under the Ministry of Local Government, Housing and Construction in March 1984.
Opanayake
The maintenance period was over by the date of audit on 28 November 2018 and 10 per cent retention was paid.
Prevention and control of major causes of disability
Progress as at 31.12.2014 Around 31 public complaints on irregularities of activities of the Department of Wildlife Conservation were referred to the Department and necessary action has been taken.
Initial balance of provisions for retirement bonuses
Sri Lanka Technological Service
Cumulative Profit After Tax (Million)
State Accounts Circular No:- 245/2015
(b) Payment of incidental allowances for travel abroad representing the Government in foreign mission or official purpose or duties related to the subject falling within the scope of the institute, which cannot be performed within the Island.
Revenue from training programs
Glossary Compilation
Sweden  04
320,000 Nos. shares at Rs. 15/= per share
Protect Asset management systems of the Ministry,
Avururdu Teledrama – 01,
The following procedure should be followed in this regard, in order to avoid inconvenience to the officers concerned and to the Public Service.
Total 68 6, 116
Internal Auditors were trained to handle different situations properly by providing experience in the field.
Although, if any election is pending at this time, relevant action to call for applications should be taken within 30 days after such election.
Capital Expenditure by Project - 1
Preparation of annual Budget Estimates for the Ministry
CENEIP - Clean Energy Network Efficiency Improvement Project
“Samupadeepani” newspaper supplement, which has been issued for eight consecutive years, came into the hands of the readers in a new format from January 2014 onwards.
3.1 District Boundaries
Capacity (MW)
As per the financial statements
The arrears of salaries for the period from 01.01.2015 to 31.08.2015 to officers of the Executive Category or above will be paid together with their salaries for the month of September 2015.
According to the provisions of the Appropriation Act, limit revisions of 31 Public Officers’ Advance Accounts and 05 other Advance Accounts were submitted for parliamentary approval.
19. Trincomalee Town & Four Gravet
You are further informed to make arrangements to send such information to the Ministry of Women & Child Affairs and Dry Zone Development before the 31st of July every year.
Excise Duty
Two new payment counters were opened at area offices in Veyangoda and Divulapitiya.
Section 4 of the Southern Expressway Extension Project - the construction of the section from Mattala to Hambantota via Andarawewa
Maximum debit limit Rs. 60,000,000.00
Civil Appeal
Shilpa 2012 Exhibition
It is responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process associated with that administration.
Out of these, 380 complaints have been resolved and 27 complaints have been submitted to the Divisional Secretariat for action.
Conducting training programmes for improving the knowledge, skills, and attitudes of the officers who provide the services
(b) A difference of Rs. 680,270 on the debit balance and a difference of Rs. 191,762 on the credit balance was observed between the debtor's ledger balances and the corresponding amounts shown in the Financial Statements.
Delegations to the host country
Camera Power Adaptor /Chargers Fault repairs
Appointed as the Governor of North Central Province
Code of Conduct, Procedural Rules, Financial Regulation Training (Divisional Sec - Bentota, Elpitiya, Four Gravets, Akmeemana, Welivitiya, Karandeniya, Baddegama, Ambalangoda, Imaduwa)
A 50 acre suitable land owned by the Mahaweli Authority has been identified from the Welioya Divisional Secretariat area to establish a dedicated Industrial zone for the apparel industry and the decision is to set up five garment factories with modern facilities.
Among the allocations made annually to the Ministry, the main functions of the Division are to prepare annual plans to achieve development objectives, to evaluate the progress of its implementation and to prepare progress reports, evaluation and guidance.
The aim is to develop the urban areas of Kandy and Galle.
Ministry of Public Administration and Management
1.2 Implementation, Objectives, Funding and Duration of the Project
Realization of Investment
The above is the credit pattern observed by the Colombo Control Center on 23 April 2013 in response to a request received.
15. Social and Cultural Division
She joined the Animal Production and Health Service in the year 2000 and has served as the Assistant Director, Deputy Director and Director of the Sri Lanka Samurdhi Authority, Ministry of Economic Development and Ministry of Social Services, Welfare and Livestock Development.
All Divisional Secretariats (with respect to the area of authority)
Kaithadi Elders' Home
Police Constable (Orchestra)
Earnings Tax - T.G.
The Audit and Management Committee meeting for the second quarter pointed out the irregularities and shortcomings in the payment methods and ensured that they would not occur in the future.
Accordingly, the Project Management Unit was required to issue the Eligibility Clearance before approval and disbursement of E-Friends II sub-loans.
Republic of Macedonia
Financial statements of the year 2017 had been presented to the Audit on 28 March 2018 and the report of the Auditor General relating to those financial statements had been sent to the Chairman on 28 September 2018.
In view of the above mentioned objectives, National Design Centre has planned and developed new designs targeting local and international markets for the year 2012 as depicted below.
Training of the project managers under Wap Haula Program were completed successfully for 3 groups.
51. Divulapitiya
Implementing or taking the responsibility to implement condominium development projects approved by the Government.
National Youth Service Council 02
Purpose of the foreign tour
Main activities of the Department of Public Enterprises (PED) during 2014
I. Full year depreciation for the purchasing year and no depreciation for disposing year.
Private sector
Mr. A. P. A. Rathnasiri
Contribution for the ceremonial activities of the state
Net Cash Flows From Financing Activities
Goals achieved in year 2014
Koon
Details of Projects & Expenditure by Divisional Secretariats
Providing assistive devices to persons with disabilities
3.3 Proposed Free Trade Agreement with China and Sri Lanka
The establishment of law and order in the country has gradually increased due to the programs and projects with a unique strategic approach implemented during the period after the establishment of the Ministry.
Circulars 05
Checking Leave of the Head Office
Initiation and follow-up of income generation by providing training and self-employment assistance for income generating programs that come together in small groups.
Other Staff
The Ranaviru Sewa Authority had a stall at the Deyata Kirula exhibition grounds at Buttala held from 4th to 9th February to communicate to the people the government’s development drive with the participation of all government organizations and the private sector.
Integrated Rural Development Project through Improving Dairy and Export Agriculture Sectors in Kurunegala and Gampaha Districts
13. Dr. D.B.T. Wijerathna
Development and maintenance of the Court-houses, Judges Quarters, and Labour Tribunals
Ambanpola
(E) Theldeniya
Programme Number: 01
Courses conducted during the year
(Since 2011 December)
The National Language Project has also provided technical assistance.
16 people
The average annual value of agreements given by the Japanese government over the last 10 years is USD 308 Million.
03.Paddiruppu
Reference to Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
My comments and observations which I consider should be reported to the Parliament appear in this report.
Partly
(b) It was observed that the interest amounting to Rs. 1, 066 million had been paid by the Project as at 31 December 2017 due to delays in settling the compensation claims made.
To develop a mechanism for sharing benefits arising from monitory and non monitory uses of biological resources
Sri Lanka Labour Party
Name of the applicant with initials: (in capital letters)
This information should include the Department Head Number/ Accounting Heading Number, Department / Ministry Name and User First Name, Last Name, Name with Initials, Designation, Telephone Number, National Identity Card Number, Date, Email Address and Preferred Language for Training.
Lot C1:
When publishing interviews of politicians with poor language proficiency, print media shall not create uncomfortable situations to them.
X. Accrued Expenses
Language training courses were conducted for the staff of the Ministry and field officers.
Number of uninterrupted projects
Expenditure Heading Number: 261
Improving Office Methodologies
Additions
(A) Nuwara-Eliya
Gems & Jewellery
Name and New Designation
All employees try to fulfill their duties within the prescribed period since modern technology enables them to perform their duties speedily.
2.2.6 Court Fines and Stamp Fees
According to the above information, it was revealed that 72 per cent and 78 per cent of the total cost for the year 2013 and 2012 respectively was directly related to power purchase and generation.
A Memorandum of Understanding was signed in 2012 with the National Electronics Corporation, a Chinese national agency, for a hotel project on this land.
Transmitting the concept of new designs to people in the industry
M. S. Salgadu
Accounts Activities
A proposal has been submitted to the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) to obtain the necessary funds to carry out the project.
To provide infrastructure facilities.
Accordingly this function has been transferred into the main function of the Department at present.
6.2.2  Special Task Force
Disable war Heroes Training  Programme
Bandaragama
(A) Dedigama
Deferred Tax Liability
08 December - 19 December
Frequently Asked Questions
Motor Vehicles 25%
Democratic National Movement
Accordingly people in various parts of the world created forms of sports endemic to themselves in keeping with their livelihood and norms that brought about health, physical balance, social discipline, ability to form as a group, power of endurance and heading towards an aim to command a social recognition as outlined by Maslow in his series of foremost human needs.
Department of Muslim Religious and Cultural Affairs
Betel
Digitalization of Terrestrial Television Broadcasting
Madurapuram, Manmunaipattu
To empower marginalised communities through increased knowledge, skills building and attitudinal changes in order to ensure their inclusivity  in the society.
Studying bank reconciliation statements.
Amendment of Section I Volume I of the Establishments Code in accordance with the provisions of the Right to Information Act No. 12
8:3 Final Practical Examination of students, belonging to Academic year 2010/11
Crafts Development Society Zone
S. R. Attygalle
The installation of Fiber Optic Cable (OPGW) was completed in June 2013 and the contract for protection panel replacement work was awarded in May 2012.
Age Analysis per (ii)
1.2.3 Unexplained Differences
Pitabeddara
Note 12
7. Weligepola
Agreements and Utilities
Department of Commissioner of Motor Traffic
Ministry of Law and Order  - Annual Performance Report 2014
Performance of each Division
Mr Aasiri Iddamalgoda - Director
Together we will build a happy and prosperous country full of happy and proud people.
A child suffering from an eye ailment
It is time to change this attitude due to various reasons.
It was targeted in the year 2014 to complete the settlement in 70 villages in the districts of Puttalam, Kurunegala, Rathnapura, Badulla, Monaragala, Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Matale, Ampara that represent the districts in which the settlement procedure was yet to be completed, within the total extent of 4,658,936 hectares that had been selected for Title Settlement.
Long term investment
Develop the country's capacity to address the impacts of climate change effectively and efficiently
Malimbada
(b) Departmental Transfer Committees
Inthu Dharmachariyar Vina Vidai	- 149 Copies
The main functions of the Administration Unit are the Institutional administration and the management of human and physical resources of the Ministry.
In December 2014, an advance of Rs. 1,000 million was made.
Settlement from the disputes under discussion
c)Current information, which are to be updated weekly/Monthly.
Programme (1)
Mr.D. M. A. K. B. Disanayake
District Engineer (Civil)
In addition, the National Language Project supported a Certificate Course in Sociological Research Methods for 30 selected Ministry Officers and an IT Certificate Course for Language Officers.
Rajathasara,
Rs. 75,000.00
2D & 3D Animation studio
Handloom Textile Cluster
9. The sum of the receipts received during the year 2019 for the year 2019
Category / Expenditure / Item / Description
An orchid house as well as a house for ornamental planting has been constructed for the establishment of anthurium and orchid nurseries.
Therefore, project Development objectives will be achieved through evidence based investment of project funds under four project components.
Western
6.Systems and Controls
Consumer Affairs Authority functions to safeguard the consumer rights of the total population in Galle District and to grant them standard goods and services.
Financial assistance has been extended for 17 Day Care Centres during the year 2012.
Awareness for the Students of Colleges of Education
All Ceylon Makkal Congress
Management Development Center
Dr. Ms. E. M. Dassanayake - Additional Director General (Research)
The period of the contract had to be extended and it had affected the overall time schedule of the Project.
The principal annual rates used are as follows.
Donation for Disable war Heroes (Bathroom & Fittings)
01. Hospital and Nursing Home Charges - Rs. 30,000.00 (A room charge at Rs. 3000.00 per day)
All insurance policies are subject to annual evaluation and review.
Rata Viru Livelihood Project
Rehabilitation Programmes conducted for the Prisoners
Special Sector Development Grant (Education)
Presently, the private sector provides various services for public.
Super heavyweight classes over 91 kg
Member
Fencing:
In addition to the Public Trustee Ordinance, the Ordinance No. 9 of 1917, as amended by Ordinance No. 04 of 1918, No. 1 of 1934 and Act No. 7 of 1968 and No. 30 of 1971 is in effect, and at a time when the Act is silent, the English justice is applicable.
Disaster Branch
Contribution for pension & W & O.P
Advertising
a. Group II - Prices of commodities coming under this group are collected once a month where the price of the commodities is stable over a month, such as fuel and electricity, non-durable goods etc.
II. Immediate action shall be taken by the Returning Officer to obtain the Death Certificate and it should be forwarded to the Head of the Department and Institution within fortnight.
Provision for claims against the company
Main Control Room
Development Subsidies
No. 100-1/1, Lady Lohore Loan Fund Building,
Financial Statement 2011
I will directly show attributable cost for each bridge in the financial statement from 2019 onward.
Profit/ Loss after Tax
3. Deposits
Work on the contract will be completed on May 15, 2015.
Form 03
H.A.S.Samaraweera
Since the Expenditure Estimates 2019 were prepared considering the Government revenue and with utmost attention to the affordable expenditure within the Macro Economic Framework, it is thoroughly emphasized that the Chief Accounting Officers and Accounting Officers should plan their activities within the approved expenditure limits.
Numeric Table - 40
iii. Held to Maturity Investments (HTM)
02. Peperation of paper advertisement calling for applications and publishing it in newspapers (conducted by calling quotations).
Matara Municipal Council
Name of the Creditor/ name of Payee
Goals achieved in year 2014
Maturity period (years)
Pallama, Chilaw (Vacancies), Dankotuwa
Social Security Fund
Notes to the Financial Statements
Office Systems and Productivity Concepts (Divisional Secretariat - Niyagama)
Accordingly, all the Secretaries of Ministries were addressed personally giving guidelines to prepare their Estimates for 2015 by way of a personalized letter issued by the Secretary to the Treasury, which included all the specific instructions.
Domestic Borrowings by SOEs for Infrastructure Development
Expenditure reporting
Last Updated on Friday, 03 March 2017 07:40
March
1. A representative of the Housing Mortgage Lenders Association
Construction of a toilet system for the stadium
The function of Grama Niladhari Officers and creating productive Grama Niladhari offices (Divisional Secretariat - Elpitiya)
Implementation of Dhamma School Flag Week
Carried forward to the next Year
Net profit after tax expense
Gurugal Oya project
The experiment will be repeated to confirm the results.
Sri Lanka and Pakistan are two countries located in the South Asian region and Sri Lanka has obtained assistance from Pakistan in the way of loans and grants.
Courts Administration
Plant protection
2.1 Qualified Opinion
Rental for fiber optic link
Building constructed at the Batticaloa Regional College
Mr. S.A.A. Siriwardhana
Possible delays in commencement of the designing and construction of the Highway
A series of consultative meetings are held with the relevant provincial officers and a wide range of data and information on provincial development priorities, required service delivery and actual cadre are given due consideration.
Colombia
Based on these positive results, the SELAJSI programme is built on systemizing and up scaling some of these coordination blocks for more upstream reforms for justice.
Preparation of Budget Estimates for 2015
3. Providing funds on behalf of people died due to natural disasters
3.2 Contract Administration
Verification of technical suitability of new current transformers by performing the ratio test, excitation curve, polarity test, and insulation resistance test on them
President’s House Gardens, Anuradapura
Further, details of the cost of these assets were not made available for audit.
Audit activities should be carried out preparing the internal audit plans and the copies of internal audit reports should be submitted to the audit.
Training Programme on Productivity Concepts
Registered Apparel Manufacturers
Investing activities
No. of Applications Received
Mr. Rajapaksha Percy Mahendra
Divi Neguma Project VI
New Showroom - Battaramulla
Expenditure (Rs.)
Rs. 3.5 million spent in the year 2018 balance 1.1 million spent in May 2019 out of 1.5 million vouchers received for 0.4 million and payment will be made in June.
3.1 Physical Progress of the Activities of the Project
Maintenance work of office building
Balance Outstanding - Post Employment Benefits
Monthly Expenditure Summary
Approved Cadre – District Secretariat
Independence Square,
9.1.2 A post of Administration Officer, Supra Grade of Public Management Assistants’ Service had been approved for Colombo District Elections Office of this Department by the letter No. DMS/1014 dated 11.05.2015 of the Director General, Department of Management Services, Ministry of Finance.
Rehabilitation of Selected Major Irrigation Scheme has been started in 2009 under annual budget allocation to do identify essential rehabilitation works in those schemes.
It is informed that future actions therefore will be taken by forwarding letters of reminder.
iii. Section 9.2 (d)
Surplus as a Percentage of the Income
Director (SLAcS)
The directors are required to confirm that the financial statements have been prepared,
However, annual action plan was prepared for the year 2018.
Educating the relevant authorities and making arrangements to name roads in the name of war heroes
2.1 By cash (11)
(c) the Statements of Expenditure submitted could be fairly relied upon to support the applications for reimbursement in accordance with the requirements specified in the Loan and Grant Agreements,
Trade Licence Fees
Last year, the Ministry of Finance took steps to resolve the tariff issues of industrialists.
Work of 8 police stations has been fully completed
Alawathuwala J.C.
On average, 20 trainees are undergoing training in each programme.
The Thalpitigala Reservoir is proposed to be built in the village of Hunuketiya (Damatapalessa) about 3 km above the existing Bathmadilla anicut across the Uma Oya.
For a year two training programmes are held.
(b) be dated and lodged with the Secretary to the Minister with in the stipulated time.
Mr. Chandrasiri Kodithuwakku
From Jan 2013 to August 2013
The forecast revenue collection for 2016 including stamp duty and court fines is Rs. 31,400 million.
Public Administration Circulars 32/91(I) and 32/91(III)
Head Number: 300
Statistics on the area cultivated and volume of production of seasonal crops, permanent crops and semi-permanent crops were collected.
10. You are kindly informed to contact the Department of Management Services (T.P. No:- 0112484951, 0112484757) for any clarification regarding this Circular.
Thermal power plants generated 41% of the total electricity generated this year, up from 71% last year.
Number of families
Member of Parliament for Anuradhapura District
However, according to the information made available, it was observed that the Project Management Unit and other concerned agencies had failed to comply with the following decisions.
Solar pumps and 17712 feet long pipe line was installed in Kumana National Park.
Project Name/ RDA Division: Maduluoya - Paragaharawa Rd
1. Programmable Logic Controller Course-2013 (1)
Local Government Authorities
Sierra Leone
In order to carry out the tasks associated with the Ministry and the institutions coming under it in a streamlined and transparent manner within a legal framework, 73 Cabinet Papers based on various matters have been submitted to the Cabinet of Ministers during the period under review.
Under this project, drinking water facilities, as well as sanitation facilities, were provided to the officers parallel with the establishment of residential facilities.
(e) Gain and Losses on Disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment
Expenditure - 2015
The total income was Rs. 35,336,600 including course income of the Government of Rs. 5,227,900.
(Photographs and Satellite Images captured years are given in the brackets.)
(c) Staff Loans Control
Fax - 011-2888928
Somawathite temple Premises
Revision (Civil) and Leave to Appeal Applications
14 Mr. S. Lokugamage Deputy Commissioner
The outstanding revenue of Rs. 40 million as at 31 December of the preceding year had been Rs. 41 million by the end of the year under review.
Revenue
Your name
(ii) Solid Waste Categorization Centre constructed by incurring a sum of Rs. 2,396,728 in the year 2016 had remained idle even by 11 July 2018.
The approval has been granted to be presented to Parliament.
“Sunday Spice” – Variety program on meeting artists
Further, provisions of the Act were implemented in respect of the growers whose cultivations were unsuccessful due to climatic and other reasonable reasons and action was taken to write off the amount of subsidies with approval of the Advisory Board.
Their remunerations amounted to Rs 15.5 million is disclosed in note 19 to the Financial Statements.
Assistant Director (Haggala Botanical Gardens)
Recurrent Expenditure (Rs. Mn.)
Mr. B. C. A. T. W. M. R. Varuna Sanjaya Dharmarathna
E-mail:  info@lawandorder.lk
A stamp was also launched to commemorate the theme.
Officers having an active service period of 19 years or more
Annual cash imprest application – First dates of the month
According to the financial statements presented, the revenue in excess of the recurrent expenditure of the Sabha amounted to Rs. 17,727,479 for the year ended 31 December 2017.
Line cost:
Construction of Concrete Road - Kumarappodiyarkula Street, Manmunai North and Eruvil Pattu
Acquisition of Machinery
Mr. Oscar Acuna - Head, Asia and the Pacific Section, Dept. of Technical Cooperation, International Atomic Energy Agency
6. June
Amount paid for new beneficiaries- Rs.317500.00
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations given to me, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters referred to in paragraph 2.2 report, I am of opinion that,
ii. Paragraph 9.2 (d)
Rehabilitation and development of capital assets
The first loan assistance received from Pakistan was the loan assistance of USD 5 million obtained for railway wagons.
Net money and net equities (decrease/increase)
Chairman, Ceylon Electricity Board, Chittampalam A. Gardiner Mawatha, Colombo 02.
Transfer of Offenders
Out of the total employees served by 01.01.2014, 6% of the employees retired during the year.
Diriya Program for Accelerated Northern Provinces
Preparation of a Road Map and Accountability Framework for the effective implementation of the Official Language Policy
This Circular has been issued with the concurrence of the General Treasury.
Annual Transfer Procedure of Officers of Sri Lanka Planning Service - 2020
Investigations into 235 of such cases have been finalized.
i. Rule 207 10,626,541
Manager (Chartering & Agency)
Operating Income
2.4.2 Transactions and Balances
From which head of expenditure was the allocation made?
Reconstruction of viharas affected by the Tsunami disaster
However, in terms of the Registration of Electors Act No. 44 of 1980, 1st of June in the relevant year was considered as the qualifying date to be an elector.
In this effort, reducing bottlenecks on acquiring public and private lands, providing environmental and legal clearance in time, and providing skills development training to workers are of vital importance.
Dodangoda to Kurundugahahetakma (33 Km)
(a) Business Lanka A.N. (Private) Limited, which is registered as a subsidiary of the Company during the year under review had earned a revenue of Rs. 16 million.
Non-Destructive Monitoring Center
Level III
(i) All Heads of Government agencies shall ensure disposal of vehicles as per the instructions given in Public Finance (PF) Circular No 02/2015 dated 10th July 2015
Providing Relief to Public Officers, Officers in the Local Government Service, and Officers in Government Corporations who were deprived of Employment due to the situation that prevailed in the Country after July 1983
Numeric Table - 17
Follow up action with regard to implementation of the Official Languages Policy in institutions audited Recommendations have been issued by Commission for institutions audited up to 2013.
Maintaining of 54 ha grasslands
As those motor vehicles had been operated without having the supervision of a transport officer, use of the motor vehicles in an effective manner could not be ruled out in the audit.
New Appointments-during 2014
Further, more than 130 services are accredited by SWEDAC.
31 public complaints received in relation to the Department of Wildlife Conservation have been referred to the department and necessary measures have been taken.
VIII. Comparative statement of percentage in production of National Identity Cards by persons at the revision of Electoral Registers in year 2006 – 2015
The number of passports issued during the period from 01.01.2015 to 30.09.2015 was 371,162.
Human Resources - Distribution Division 4
Colombo, Sri Lanka
Untrained and Partially Trained Technical Service
Data Entry Operator
No. of companies that paid Cess
3.2 Transactions of Contentious Nature
Completed the erection of boundary posts to mark 152 Km long reservation boundary.
Income collected
Jathika Pasala A/Level Drama & Theatre
The expenses for transport and electricity was brought down directly  by using the Rajatha Studio for studio program productions and live program productions up to some extent.
Action was taken to delete the names of 02 persons from the 2015 electoral register as the Department of Elections received reports that they were serving imprisonment for offences committed under the Bribery Act and Election Laws or other laws.
Here the basic guidance and facilities are provided to establish the textile villages and thereafter the weavers of the textile village are provided with the necessary guidance to transform the textile village into a self-governing home industry.
Livelihood Development (Awareness) Workshops
Divisions of the Ministry of National Co-existence, Dialogue and Official Languages and performance of the Divisions
Number of beneficiaries: 1977
Fixing of chairs
Nov
The primary objective of the debating tournament was to build good attitudes towards the value of bilingual usage with the future generation of students.
Ministry of Indigenous Medicine
Conservation of ola leaf documents
Secretary,
Improve primary health care in MOH areas
3.7.2 Provisions – Sundry Debtor
The financial statements have been prepared in compliance with requirements of Companies Act. No 07 of 2007.
Only if the Returning Officer is satisfied personally to the effect that the reasons are justifiable, it shall be forwarded along with a report to the Commissioner of Elections.
Mr. Vajira Wickramasinghe
(a) According to the Minutes of Discussion (MOD) on E-Friends II Project between the Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) and the Government of Sri Lanka (GOSL) on 03 December 2003, the Japan Bank for International Cooperation's mission and the officials of the Government of Sri Lanka had confirmed the project implementation schedule and measures to be adopted for the implementation of the Project.
An amount of Rs. 2,015,708.85 has already been paid.
16.1 Financial Assets Note
Wariyapola
The experiment will be continued to confirm the results.
Building Maintenance
6 (Fail)
Grama Niladari Division: Wanathamulla
Provision of Media coverage for activities related to Deputy Minister of Finance and Planning.
Construction of 5,000 housing units in the Eastern Province
It has been planned to commence vocational training courses to empower their skills and capabilities.
A study was conducted to identify the effect of different N levels on the occurrence of diseases in chilli.
Preparation of IEE reports of the following transmission projects in accordance with the National Environmental Act (NEA) and submission of the same to the Central Environmental Authority (CEA) for approval
Rank Containers Terminals (Pvt) Ltd.
Kalutara-Providing furniture for Diri Daru Piyasa Children’s Home (for special children with mental disorders), Bandaragama.
Risk assessment of selected procedures, material mis-statements that can result in financial statements, whether due to frauds of errors is based on the Auditor’s judgment.
Rs. 1,000,000.00 for Accident Death
Circulars 10
Nattandiya
P. Vimalathas
CRD Project Services fee
Also the Institute was able to admit the 4th Batch of Students to the Diploma Programme by registering 97 students in the year 2012.
Name of the land
The following non-reconciliations were observed.
As at date 31.12.2014
Lower Uva Wewa Project
Issuing identity cards for persons with impaired hearing and providing sign language interpreter services to facilitate the routine work of the persons with hearing impairment
As per the instructions of the Account Settlement Circular for the financial year 2018 issued by this Department
Finance Income
These officers will be used to implement all island programmes from 2015.
No.:
Musical Shows (Non-Commercial) - 04
These areas are located from Colombo to Wattala, Kandana, Ja-Ela, Seeduwa, Katunayake and Negombo.
03 D/AD
Head Works
Registration Authority:
Construction of bathroom of rest room
The Project commenced its activities in February 2016 and the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers for the implementation of the Project had been received in March 2016.
14. Opanayaka
Therefore, it is informed that the relevant dilapidated components of the project will be re-examined and reconstructed with the approval of the Council.
AFM (Generation)
Trade Promotion Activities
A difference of Rs. 86 million was observed between those two financial statements.
New Zoological Garden at Wagolla (Kegalle)
To advise on Cold Commissioning of the MGIF
The officials of the Authority participated in an action program conducted throughout the year to enhance the knowledge of residents on the condominium law, change attitudes and empowering management corporations.
11. Mr. G. R. Perera
Furthermore, the recovery of the installments on the tractors distributed under this Programme each year had shown a sluggishness and the arrears of installments as at 31 December 2012 amounted to Rs.340,200,616.
Which are Agro-Technology, Food Technology and Entrepreneurship and Agro-business and Rural Sciences.
Silver
Lottery Sales Income
As in previous years, steps were taken during the revision of the electoral register 2015 to implement various programmes at district level on “Voters’ day” which falls on 1st June, in addition to the general public awareness programmes carried out through electronic and print media.
She is currently the Senior Assistant Secretary in the Administration Division of this Ministry.
Agro tube well
Steel Measuring Tapes
The major duty of the Publication and Sales Branch is the compilation and selling of text books and other supporting books for professionals who come under the Public Administration Circular No. 07/2007 and anyone else who is interested in learning the official languages.
Cost as on 01.01.2013
Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, and Regulations
The objectives of forming language circles are; to direct students' generation to bring forth One Sri Lankan Nation through sincere Bonds of Bilingualism, to induce attitudes and interest of school children with regard to trilingual usage, to carry on all audible, visual and readable things in schools in trilingual and to enhance possibility of converting the future society into a trilingual one.
15.1 Movement of Investment in Associates on Equity Method
The Cabinet of Ministers at its meeting held on 03rd April 2018 has approved to procure motor vehicles for the use of the government agencies under Outright Purchase, Financial Leasing and Operational Leasing method as stipulated in this circular.
Staff Training
The combined Transaction Report of the Company for the years 2016 and 2017 was issued on 13 November 2018 to the Chairman of the Company.
Kantale
Annexure 2 - Staff Recruitment, Promotions, Transfers, Retirements
The overtime paid to those 05 officers included in the above sum amounted to Rs. 1,458,892.
(d) The loans granted for trailers of two wheel tractors for 2 districts had been totally in arrears while the recoveries of 15 districts had been at a minimum level of 10 per cent.
3.15 Revenue
Training course on work development
The Company is well understood for its responsibilities to all races and communities.
As a result, the cash book showed an overdraft balance with regard to the Bank of Ceylon current account.
It was revealed at the physical examination conducted regarding the tipper on 23 November 2017, the dashboard of the vehicle had been painted.
Ceylon Electricity Board's Organization Chart - 2013
Category B
Statement of Financial Performance for the year ended 31 December 2013
Preparation of required principles for the betterment of human resources towards a sustainable progress in the co-operative movement.
During 2014
Veterinary Investigation Centres  operate under the Animal Health division of the DAPH provide laboratory back up services for divisional veterinary offices in respective distrcts.
Here, 19 National Schools and 03 Provincial Council schools are represented.
During the year 2012 financial assistance amounted to Rs. 0.425 million was provided to 17 Elders Day Care Centres.
2. Human Resource Development for a Qualitative Service
The responsibility of the Internal Audit Division is to ensure that the internal administration and financial activities are carried out according to the Financial Regulations and the relevant circular instructions and looking into such matters in an unbiased manner by providing guidance and issuing instructions and furnishing reports directly to the Secretary of the Ministry when and where necessary.
An Internal Audit had not been established for carrying out an internal audit work of the Authority in terms of Financial Regulation 133.
A financial asset is impaired and impairment losses are incurred only if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the asset (a ‘loss event’) and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset that can be reliably estimated.
Sri Lanka Cement Corporation had invested Rs.1,083,618,910/= in Lanka Cement Limited and holds 62.45% of the Company's Share Capital.
Even though the officers entitled to official motor vehicle should not use the motor pool vehicles of the institution, instances of motor pool vehicles also given to an officer was revealed at a test check.
District Planning Office
Ministry of Trade, Marketing Development, Co-operatives, and Consumer Services
Architectural differences of root growth which can impact soil exploration and water extraction were observed.
18 November - 29 November
Monthly Salary (Rs.)
Cash & Cash Equivalents
The title determinations which were published in the Government Gazette were forwarded to relevant Title registrars directly by the head office of the department until the year 2011 and from the year 2012 this procedure was decentralized to our regional offices enabling the public to fulfil their requirements more conveniently and efficiently.
Implementing attitude development programs to improve the productivity and efficiency of government institutions
Maximum
78. Warakapola
Aluwihare Ranjith
This instrument provides data to be shared on-line by authorized officers through an access controlled web application.
Income Generation of the Wildlife Trust
09. Staff
Authorization for Incurring Expenditure for 2014 and Public Expenditure Management
Coordinating “Deyata Kirula” Development Programme-2014
Recommendation of allocations to the Government needed for provincial development after discussions with the provinces,
Security Officer
Local and Foreign Training Opportunities Provided to Staff Officers
Meanwhile, the activities carried out by various institutions as well as by Bureaus for Children and Women set up in all the police stations islandwide to educate people on the abuse of children, household violence and crimes committed against children and women, and to conduct various programmes of activity, refer the victims to systematic rehabilitation and to strengthen the Bureaus for Children and Women in police stations were really noteworthy.
To comprehensive income for the year ended March 31, 2012
03. Accordingly, action should be taken to send the duly filled forms mentioned above to this Department on or before 30th April of the subsequent year, after reconciling the General Deposit Accounts of your Ministry/Department/ District Secretariat with the Treasury computer print outs as at 31st December of each year.
NSB Hapan Scholarship (O/L,A/L)
Electrical Engineer (Energy Marketing), Ceylon Electricity Board
(i) Quotations had not been invited before the award of the contract.
Rehabilitation of Samanala (Polpitiya) Power Station
Greater Colombo Waste Water Management Project
We will take action to submit the (a) and (b) Board of Survey - 2012 to the Auditor General.
The month in which the final bank reconciliation was prepared
Neluwa
02. Applicability
Government Grants (1802 - 1931)
Russia  04
(1) The first category in the above table consists of,
Obtaining the water supply connection for the safety home – Amnunukumbura
Badulla    01
3.3 Capital Work in Progress
Internal Audit Division
Position/ Service Level
Table – 03
Seoul
Implementation of a productivity Enhancement program in order to generate more income from irrigated Agriculture
5. Bogambara Outdoor Stadium
Conducting FOs Monthly Committee Meetings
5.3 INTERNAL AUDIT ACTIVITIES
Name of the Council
(m) The electrical stores had been brought to account understated by Rs.336,894 in rectifying errors of accounting and the electrical stores closing stocks amounting to Rs.168,447 in the year 2015.
Divisional Secretariat - Polonnaruwa
Out of that, a sum of Rs. 24,545,155 or 71.8 percent remained outstanding for more than 10 years.
Documentary
Even though Rs. 13.74 million had been paid as “pension” instead of financial assistant to 12 to 41 writers and senior artists for the years of 2009 to 2018 with instruction of Hon. Governor of Northern Province.
Submitting Statement of Accounts to the Treasury, Auditor General, Ministry.
Action should be taken to investigate the reasons for current long outstanding balances and ensure they are cleared.
Divisional Secretariat (Hambantota)
This Circular is issued with the concurrence of the General Treasury.
13.1 Treasury bills
AIMS AND OBJECTIVES
In concurrence with this, a survey was conducted by the Official Languages Commission to determine whether the exhibition stalls constructed in the exhibition premises were in compliance with the Official Languages Policy.
17 - Athletics
Approval of the recommendation referred to in paragraph 7 of the Memorandum; and
Consulting the local debt capital market and facilitating the issuance of international bonds in Sri Lanka
This Thirukedeswaram Kovil is one of the most famous temples in Sri Lanka.
Total statutory income
Launching Ceremony of “Upadeshana” Magazine and Books “Pinketh” and “Sanda Madala”
6 North Central 12,838,965
Commercial Farm Development Programme
As such an overpayment totalling Rs. 735,680 had been made in the years 2011 and 2012 without obtaining approval.
Selection of Officers, Appointment of Interview Boards and Setting of Score Levels for Appointment to Grade I / II Grade 1 Posts in Information and Communication Technology Service of Sri Lanka
Public Awareness
Project expenditure
The duty of the Translation Division is to provide a services where documents are translated by accepted methods using modern technologies and are of a high standard.
42 Ms. K. A. Himadari, P. M. S. I
Rs. 90.20 Mn
According to the financial statements presented, the revenue in excess of the recurrent expenditure of the Sabha amounted to Rs. 12,636,803 for the year ended 31 December 2017.
Value in Rs.
Books, magazines and journals
Best Supporting Actor
Divineguma Subsidy Program - 2015
Administrative Map of Galle District
Property, plant, and equipment
The other duties entrusted to this Department include participating at Parliamentary Select Committee Meetings convened to review draft Bills and being present in Parliament and coordinating with the Parliament when the Bills are taken up for debate.
Expenditure for obtaining brand names
Reconstruction of five bridges in Eastern Province:
Assistant Director (Development) - Ministry of Rural Economy
Development of Legal Aid Division
(10) Total of Reimbursement Claims outstanding as at 31st December 2015
6. Residential Workshops on “Case Management and Mediation” conducted for Judges of the Southern Province, North Central, Central Province, and Northern Province.
Senior Software Engineer
02. A large number of programmes are being implemented by the Government to improve the agriculture sector including the irrigation sector and in terms of the Annual Budget a large amount of money has also been allocated for that purpose.
Computer Networking and Linux Server Administration Course
Further, 07 Grama Niladharis were selected for training from the competitive examination held on 15/10/2014 in connection with the second stage of the above competitive examination.
There, a magistrate is empowered to execute the order in the same manner as an order made under the Maintenance Ordinance.
A special allocation is provided under PSDG for the projects which can contribute remarkably to minimize inter and intra socio-economic disparities.
The process of supplying water to the Industrial Estate is currently being completed.
Administrative District
Projects 2011
Programs in the Tourism Sector
Ruwanwella
The Ministry is situated at No.40, Buthgamuwa Road, Rajagiriya.
Repairs to Motor Vehicles
Cost - Rs. Million
Centres
Dec
Vavuniya No. 03
Number of birth certificate copies issued
Out of that, a sum of Rs.5,286,079 represented balances older than 02 years while a sum of Rs.22,526,199 represented balances older than 03 years.
In addition to this, the unit has produced quite a number of programs that were telecast on a weekly basis.
Batahira ranaruna programme
The support of the other Higher Education Institutes is obtainable for educational purposes.
Under Article 99(A) of the Constitution
10.2.5. Mr. H. R. P. Peris, Deputy Commissioner of Elections of Kalutara District, other Assistant Commissioners of Elections namely, Mr. P. Ragunathan (Gampaha), Mr. R. Saseelan (Batticaloa) and Mr. S. W. Welgama (Trincomalee) together with Mr. W. A. Ranjan Nishantha, Assistant Director of Information Technology (Acting) of the Elections Secretariat participated in the Training on Election Management held in India from 15.09.2015 to 25.09.2015.
Not properly commented.
03. The Document prepared to identify the manner in which the provisions of previous Expenditure Heads have been distributed among the new Expenditure Heads is shown in Annex 01 for your convenience.
Understanding the need for an integrated inter-ministerial Programme for effective rehabilitation, joint programmes with various ministries are being implemented.
4. Providing necessary assistance by discussing with Assistant Commissioners of Agrarian Development and Assistant Directors of Agriculture
12. Jaffna
All Island Ornamental Plants and Orchid Co-operative Society Ltd.
I assumed duties as Chairman of ITI on 30th July 2013 with the completion of the term of appointment of the former Chairman of ITI, Prof. Vijaya Kumar.
More than 100 training programs on other field crops were conducted for officers, farmers, school students, university students, and students of technical colleges.
Ac 40
Appointment of Basnayaka Nilames
Dr. Mr. G. D. N. Kumarasinghe
1. Child Abuse Awareness Programme
However, the Company had not maintained a fixed assets register and detail schedules.
Recognition as Expenses
A difference of Rs. 569,339 was observed between the Register of motor grader debtors and the schedule presented with the financial statements.
Buildings – Head Office
As grant basis for potential projects
Programs telecast over TV Channels
(b) Even though a sum of Rs. 7,403,596 had been awarded to a contractor in the year 2011 for repairing and making additional construction for the building procured on lease for a period of 30 years in the year 1986 and used as the Circuit Bungalow in the Anuradhapura area, action had not been taken to complete the work and handover to the Board even by 30 April 2013 and the sum of Rs. 6,596,984 paid to the contractor had been shown as advances in the financial statements.
Date of approval 24.01.2014
Also, issuing a result sheet printed on a special protective paper for all candidates was commenced this year.
Income on Occupational Safety and Health Day
III. For medical tests done on the recommendation of the consultants (only during the time of hospitalization) - Rs. 5,000.00 (Rs. 500 per day)
9.1.9 For the 05 vacancies in the Office Employees Service, five qualified persons were selected by an interview that was conducted according to the provisions of the Public Administration Circular 24/95 and the Minute 21 of the Office Employees Service, and recruited with effect from 02.02.2015.
(iv) Other Revenue
2. To purchase air tickets to participate in 1st Volleyball tournament of the disabled played while being seated held in Beijing China
Making  alter wicks
1.1 Vision
Closing Stock
Net Finance Income
Officers involved in the planning and implementation of development programs at the rural and regional levels, Development Intermediaries
Printing of Disaster Management Plans in 04 Divisional Secretariat Divisions
Mr. J. S. B. Ratnayake
Appointments should be given with the approval of the Department of Management Service.
Construction of the remaining part of the parapet wall
No. of Applications pending by the end of the 31st December 2014
According to the Loan Agreement of the Project, then Ministry of Water Supply and Drainage, presently the Ministry of City Planning, Water Supply and Higher Education is the Executing Agency and the National Water Supply and Drainage Board is the Implementing Agency of the Project.
SPMC has obtained a loan facility from JICA for the expansion of work.
That has saved a cost of around Rs. 40 Million.
The museum trustee
Mr. Menaka Harankaha, Senior Lecturer Faculty of Law, Colombo university was the invited lecturer, Mr. R.D.W. Pallegama, Deputy Director of Non-banking Institutions Supervision Division of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka, Mr.Nimal R. Ranawaka, Chairman of the Official Languages Commission, Mr. J.D.C. Jayasinghe, Commissioner of Official Languages also participated.
Technology Transfers
Ministry of Irrigation and Water Management - Recurrent
The national policy on Access to Biological Resources and Benefit Sharing renews the commitment of Government to conserve the biological Resources for the benefit of the present and future generations, while assuring the sustainable use of this resource for education commercial and research in a transparent manner.
Even though requests were made by observer organizations to observe the counting of votes and tabulation of the results as at previous elections, permission was not granted to them this time.
3.7 Procurement
09. Responsibilities of the Officers
Action to be taken by the relevant division to verify the forecasts for payments by the Commonwealth Secretariat Debt Recording and Management System (CS - DRMS) in the event of any change in the loan agreements with the lending agencies in accordance with the loan agreements
Under the second function, the project reports of the Operations Co-ordination Centres of the Language Associations in the Badulla District have been approved.
Mr. Sarath Manamendra
Mozambique
10. Embilipitiya
02. It has been decided at the meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers held on 27.08.2019 to implement the following provisions in order to enable the officers who have not acquired the proficiency in official language to fulfill the said requirement and to grant promotions to the officers who have not been promoted due to not acquiring the proficiency in official language.
Asst.General Manager (Legal)
Therefore, adequate resource allocation in those identified areas should be ensured in the 2019 Budget Estimates.
The number of students who sat for the April 2015 and October 2015 examinations was 1,008 and 2,201 respectively.
Even though the activities under the contracts was required to be completed by March 2016, the reports thereon had been submitted to the Project in January 2018 after delays in 22 months.
5.First time adoption of SLFRS/LKAS
Village level field officers, community organisation leaders, community leaders
Mr. J. K. A. B. Wijegunasekara
(b) Out of the programmes targeted in terms of the Annual Action Plan, 03 programmes had not been executed while the progress of the two remained programmes had been 20 percent and 40 percent.
I. Depreciation is calculated in full for the year purchased, and the depreciation is not calculated for the closing year.
No. 50, Sir Chittampalam A Gardiner Mawatha, Colombo 2
When an existing Department has been transferred from one ministry to another, all the expenditure with respect to that Department should be continuously accounted under the already assigned expenditure Head.
It is scheduled to commence the construction work in February 2015 and is expected to be completed by early 2017.
NOTE -12 Capital Transfers
North Western Province
Hiring of third party infrastructure
Ports and Shipping
1. Name
Location: Sampoor in Trincomalee District
4.3 Operational Inefficiencies
As mentioned above, the non-receipt of adequate disbursements in a timely manner was an impediment to the performance of the Department.
My Number:Pns/P7/17
Number of payments made
All parts of the financial statements, including the accounting policies and other financial statements, are well presented.
Discussions - current affairs
3. DEPARTMENTS AND INSTITUTIONS COMING UNDER THE MINISTRY OF JUSTICE
Performing functions related to Parliamentary Advisory Council, Parliamentary Problems and Cabinet Memoranda.
(M) Mawathagama
Department of Agrarian Development
After that he has followed short term training programmes in countries such as Phillipines, China, Malaysia, Thailand, Netherland, India and Korea.
Mr. J. P. Ajith
Mr. A. G. Dharmawardhana
(c) Stock Control
Failure to ensure security.
The following are some of the national level competitions in which the Institute provided medical coverage during the period from January to September this year.
Corporate Governance
Air Time Analysis - 2012
Assistance for housing for persons with disabilities
02. Mrs. P. Weerasinghe
The provisions of the Prescription Ordinance seek to give relief to property owners, who were displaced and disadvantaged during the period from 1983 – 2009.
Monthly Accounts Summary – Within first 2 days of every Month
Road and flyover construction project at Hambantota International Center
Kariyawasam Pethangodage Sisira Kumararathne
The Company formed its first fully owned subsidiary, the Lake House Property Development (Private) Limited in 1985 with the intention of diversifying in to property development businesses.
We are fortunate to have them as our clients who have always contributed positively to enhance our strengths in many ways.
Whether the expenditure shown in the financial statements of the Project had been satisfactorily reconciled with the enhanced financial reports and progress reports maintained by the Project,
Payments for financial leasing
Chemical & Microbiological Laboratory (CML)
Antony Nimal Lansa Warnakulasooriya
Construction of 537 Rural Iron Bridges
Total Income
Department of Information Technology and Management
Wednesday Nugasevana
Uva 5%
Conversational Workshops to educate police officers on Implementation of the Official Language Policy
Health
Information on specific areas of estimates in uncertain and risky decision-making, the most significant impact on identified values in financial statements in the replacement of financing policies is contained in the notes of financial statements.
Establishment of a water supply system to the Rose Garden
Sports Training - 443
All material events occurring after the Balance Sheet date are considered and when necessary, adjustments are made in the accounts.
A Project proposal has been originated on the land situated at 287, Galle Road, Colombo 03, which was obtained from the Police Department,  to construct a 25 story building by obtaining financial assistance from Banks.
Prior to submitting the Comptroller General's office of the General Treasury, such requests should be reviewed considering the following criteria by a committee chaired by the Secretary of the respective line ministry
Maternity Clinic Organisation
Death Certificate
Value of bills in hand (Rs.  Mn.)
(v) Not maintaining books and registers and not updating the existing documents.
Levied Arrears under the Stamp Duty Act
Establishment of Botanic Gardens in the Northern Province
Accordingly, approval has been granted by the National Institute of Language Education and Training for 16146 participants for language training through the 364 language classes in 2014.
Scientists and engineers working at ITI are constantly encouraged to pursue post-graduate degrees in their respective fields.
Other ruins found in Embilipitiya and Kaltota areas also show the historical value of Ratnapura District.
If evacuating inland (out of town), take your pets and leave early.
Hand Book of simple language guidelines for preparation of language plans of the District Secretariats and Divisional Secretariats
Evaluation/survey on Impact of the Calendar is underway.
Coordinating a 'Daham Sarasaviya Diploma Course' conducted by University of Sri Jayawardenapura and holding the Examination for 750 Dhamma School teachers on 23.05.2015 at Sanghamitta College, Galle.
DIRECTION OF EXTERNAL TRADE 2014
Generation Division
Analysis of company's cost of sales is as follows.
II. General Awareness
Archiving generation and transmission data and preparing regular management information are also carried out by the Division.
Directing the promotional expenditure of banks for the betterment of the bank with a view to expanding the business
Congo
Jayaweera Wickramarathne Rankoth Pedige
Application Under the Stamp Duty Act
Tea
(b) Unreconcilations of Rupees 1,410,574 were shown between the summarized analysis of revenue presented with the financial statements and the register of group total.
Operating Profit/ (Loss) before Working Capital Changes
Purchases
Combined Allowance
Deputy Commissioner/Assistant Commissioner (SLAS- II/III)
Promotions in Sri Lanka Police and Special Task Force
Allocation of Supplementary Provisions and Supplementary Estimation (+/-)
The National Identity Card Number of the candidate along with the term “Exam “in addition to name and address of the candidate should be written in the space provided to write the candidate’s name and address.
This provided an opportunity to convey the message of national unity throughout the country and facilitated the building of better linkages among the people.
If any clarification is required on the matters mentioned in this Circular, contact the Commissioner of Official Languages through the telephone No.0112888929, and the officers should receive the exact proficiency Level to be obtained in the Other Official Language as per their designation, by referring to the Public Administration Circular No: 01/2014.
A feasibility study was completed in 2001 for this expressway and Environmental clearance has also been granted for the selected road trace by the Central Environmental Authority (CEA).
Common Wealth Sports Championship-Glasgo
Commitment No.
The highest revenue came from general-purpose consumers, while the second-highest revenue came from industrial consumers.
07 Mr. S.A.M.D. Wijerathna
Capacity Development Workshop for the Social Services Officers/ Social Development Assistants/ Development Officers in Kalutara, Galle, Badulla, and Hambantota
Proceedings are being carried out as per the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers.
Finance
Mahaweli Games (beginning and the end of the program was live telecasted, in other days special events were telecasted).
Note:-
Engineering Services (ES)
Live telecast
One member appointed by the Academic Syndicate from among its members.
The year 2013 commenced with a total hydro storage of 1062 GWh.
Therefore, the Company should rectify the status of ownership of the assets and identify the assets as fixed assets or leasehold assets.
Coordination of International Co-operative Alliance and Foreign Co-operative Establishments.
Expenditure incurred
7:1 Conducting Academic Semester examinations and the School of Drama and Theatre
This program was produced by the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation in collaboration with ABU, Malaysia, under the Children’s Drama Promotion Project for the 4th consecutive year and the program “Supipi Piyum” which was produced by Mr. Suranimala Jinendrasinghe was telecast over on NHK Channel, in Japan on August 2012.
Engineer
Arippu Fort
Capital Expenditure
Samoa
The time frame prescribed for satisfying the requirement of Efficiency Bars shall remain unchanged as per the prescriptions in Service Minutes/ Procedures of Recruitments.
The draft of the Management Plan for maintaining a good management in Provincial centers has been handed over to the Ministry.
While the 06 MPs participated at the Sinhala Language Course, 16 MPs participated at the Tamil Course.
Mr. Lalith R. de Silva
Events Calendar
Pansalagodalla - Beliatta
Special attention is needed in respect of the following areas of systems and controls.
Revenue details obtained by the District Secretariat for the year 2014 are as follows.
5.2 Construction of Muthukaliliyawa Nour Canal - Phase II
(iii) Out of the clients debtor balances debts valued at Rs. 146,549,495 or 22 per cent were due from Government institutions.
R. H. S. Samaratunga
Expenditure of the Government authorized by special laws and to be charged to the Consolidated Fund - Rs. 1,101 billion
Factor
However, the Company had not done an impairment test for the property, plant and equipment and had not made necessary accounting remedies accordingly.
Number of Names removed due to imprisonment for other reasons
Four projects totaling USD 457 million were approved during 2014.
If there is no re-identification in the disposal of property and equipment, no future benefits are expected from its use.
04.ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE AND STAFF
USD 44.7 Mn
42 All Ceylon Small and Medium Scale Cereal Processors' Development Co-operative Society Ltd. 01
Particulars of the persons, who produced their National Identity Card numbers at the enumeration of electors in 2015 are presented in the Table no. VII and the comparative statement on the number of persons, who have produced the National Identity Card numbers at the revisions of electoral registers from year 2006 – 2015, are given in the Table no. VIII.
02. General Knowledge Competitive Examination for Aranery School Students
Wellappuli Arachchige Shanaka Janapriya
Revision of Salaries in the Public Service - 2016
Chapter 5
Seed Capital (14)
Book Stall Assistant
This Department was established under the Debt Conciliation Ordinance No. 39 of 1941.
04. Launch of the Official Logo
A seed setting cluster onion line was evaluated for its seed production ability with the control variety "Vethalan".
Resolution of Tariff Related Issues
Taxes, Local Government Income Taxes
Many Shramadana programs were successfully conducted with their participation island-wide at the judiciary level.
The value of the constructions of the Children’s Park Kobeigane amounting to Rs. 2,559,755 had not been brought to account.
4.1 Performance
3.4 Closure of the Activities of the Project
Youth Services Branch
6.5 Borrowing Costs
Vivekanada Aranery School
2.7.1 Steps will be taken in future to fill the vacancies.
1. Village Tanks and Anicuts
Karanda
Soybean
The Hon. Minister, Mano Ganesan is holding office as the Minister of National Co-existence, Dialogue and Official Languages.
Changes in Staff from 01.01.2014 to 31.12.2014
Total revenue
In comparison, the corresponding loss for the preceding year was Rs. 18,620,437.
In the past 2 years three (03) Cars & six (06) Vans were obtained on a finance lease, which effectively transfer the Corporation substantially all the risk and benefits incidental to ownership of the leased items, are capitalized and disclosed as finance lease at their cash price and depreciated over the period the Corporation is expected to benefit from the use of the leased assets.
This transaction has been identified as an operating lease and shown in the statement of financial accounts accordingly.
Department of Divineguma
3.4.1. Failure to Document Assets
The members have the requisite financial knowledge to carry out their roles effectively and to discuss matters within their purview independently and professionally.
22. Period of service at the present service station :- (As at 2013.12.31) Years………… Months……… Days………
(d) The machinery of the Leather Goods Section of the Common Facilities Centre valued at Rs. 50 million had been lying idle for about 02 years as an Instructor had not been appointed.
(1) the matters highlighted in the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning; and
Providing occupational safety, health, and welfare to all
The activities conducted by the Water Resources Board in Jaffna peninsula was presented to the participants.
Financial Regulation 104
Information on this is given in the table 5.
(d) Considering the employees who obtain the said certificate as having passed Grade 8.
(Allocation and Release of Criteria Based Grant during the period from 2010 to 2014 are given in the Annex II)
(ii) Guideline 3.2
Performance Report 2015 of the Ministry of Sports was submitted for tabling in Parliament.
GDP at current market prices (Rs. billion)
Asset Management Circular No: 01/2017
The way in which the vacancy was filled
Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development
However, a formal agreement thereon had not been entered into even as at 30 June 2018.
Debt Equity Ratio
Dinamina
Direct disbursement from the Granting Agency
Amount agreed for financing according to the Loan Agreement
Ran Aruna
Other Allowances Payable with Personal Wages - b
Nuwaragam Palatha - East
8. Awareness programs on current affairs and guidance.
1. It was noted that the above networking conference was funded by the United Nations Environment Program.
Accordingly, provisions have been made for the Thaipongal festival organized by Ratnapura, Gampaha, Badulla, Nuwara-eliya, Polonnaruwa, and Kandy language societies.
Party
Contribute to the human resource development of the public sector by making effective use of foreign training opportunities.
Interest on Bank Overdrafts
4.3 Ministry of Sports - Particulars relating to approved cadre for 2015
Mr. H. A. Sarath Kumara
Telecommunication and Information Technology
This was an increase of 1.3% over that of the year 2012.
(4) Human Resource Related Risk Management
17 Staff of the Commission
India  14
Budget Circular No: 04/2019
3.7.1 Procurement Plan
Towards regional development through efficient transport facilities
Accordingly, USD 58.2 million was received as loan assistance for the Deduru Oya Water Supply Project and USD 20.5 million as loan assistance for the Ruwanwella Water Supply Project and the relevant agreements were signed between the Government of Sri Lanka and the Government of Korea in December 2014.
The functions of the internal audit unit are as follows,
Amendment of first paragraph of the State Accounts Circular No. 256
Repairing the male toilet system and preparing the common hall - Wattegama
Granting approval of the Department of National Budget to travel abroad for various purposes (training, meetings, seminars, conferences, etc.)
The final net provision
Progress of survey, standardization & Services Division - 2015
Traditional formula based liquid vaporizer for mosquito repellence
6.0 Regional Economic Cooperation
Need of assistance to prepare the documents used in Private Financial Institutions in compliance to the Official Languages Policy and a workshop to develop their officers’ second language competence were suggested thereby.
General Deposits
The Sri Lankan garment industry is the largest manufacturing industry that makes a significant contribution to the local economy and generates direct employment opportunities for women in Sri Lanka.
Tailoring Technology
The book containing the Official Language Policy and the related law was complied to be used along with the Hand Book of Language guidelines on preparation of Language Policy in public institutions.
(a) Passport and visa fees for official foreign travel
5.0 Multilateral Trade Relations
Maintaining all the activities of the farms at an optimum level for its survival by utilizing the surplus money received from the coconut based industries.
09 acquisition activities of lands belonging to the Department of Wildlife Conservation have been completed.
However, permission was granted to the observer organizations at the Presidential Election to observe the counting of votes and tabulation of the result at the offices of the Returning Officers.
Recognition of the sign language and its promotion
Buddhist and Cultural affairs.
Physical and financial progress of development projects related to Sugathadasa Indoor Stadium
The Institute has so far conducted a number of training programs for officers and employees on duty in the field of the judiciary with the following objectives.
Minor
District Activities of the National Child Protection Authority
Amount of Provisions
Hon. Deputy Minister of Rural Economic Affairs
The following instances of non-compliance were observed during the course of Audit.
Uva Province covers Badulla and Monaragala Districts.
Thirty-nine Primary Co-operative Societies were being functioned under the supervision and guidance of the Department during the year 2014.
Minister
04.10.2011-Mankulam Army camp
16. Schools attending :-
Galle   01
The source of these funds was from the general public, in response to various campaigns carried out by the corporation aftermath the Tsunami catastrophe, in the year 2004. The Account balance is given in the table below.
State if these balances were settled as at the date of signing the report and if not, the reason for not settling the balances.
Welfare
7. Koralai Pattu
Suriname
Incorporation Workshops
Percentage of Savings
The responsibility of the Directors in relation to the financial statements is set out in the following statement.
Mr. K. A. S. P. Kaluarachchi
Dissolved gas analysis
1. Alapatha
District Secretariat implements coordination programmes by which solutions are made after detecting the necessities in economic, social and cultural perspectives of the population of 1,091,000 estimated in year 2015 .
Below
AFM (Headquarters)
Aug.16-27
20. Media personnel should not engage in taking photographs or videoing of the inside of polling stations or postal voting centers as the Commissioner of Elections/ Election Commission has prohibited such activities without written consent. Any photographs or video visuals obtained illegally should not be published in newspapers, televised, or promoted through any media.
A.III. Secretaries to Ministries, Chief Secretaries of Provincial Councils or officers in equivalent capacity
Accordingly, it has been prepared using 'Financial statements have a Going Concern' assumption.
(d) Driver and fuel: The relevant Government agency is responsible for employing drivers and providing required fuel for the vehicles procured under this method
Company name and affiliation
Action will be taken to approve the appointment of office worker in the future.
Barbados
This grant also includes transfers to local authorities for meeting the expenditure on reimbursement of the allowances of members and salaries and wages of the staff.
Compiling the Hand Book of Simple Language Guidelines for the preparation of language plans at Ministerial and Departmental level.
25 Mrs. M. S. F. Rashida, Development Officer III
Officers Transferred
Security Guard (97) K.K.S
Comparing with the last year (2013/14) the income of Rs.91.68 M has been increased with Rs.52.4 M.
11. Data and information Division
Sugathadasa Outdoor Stadium
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1.3 of this Report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Kurunegala Municipal Council as at 31 December 2017 and its financial performance for the year then ended, in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
3,400 units
Restructuring
The fort was built by the Portuguese.
All payments in respect of the year 2011 were made.
The value of this land was not made available for audit.
Subsequently, they are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment.
Non-cash movements
(From 18.02.2010 to July, 2011)
(a) Action had not been taken for recovery of the sum of Rs. 273,710 from the relevant printing company for the damage and defects caused in the printing of Instant Lottery Tickets.
Obligations payable at the demand of the creditor or within one year of the Balance Sheet date are treated as current liabilities in the Balance Sheet.
Sri Lanka Agricultural Service
This dialogue identified issues that arise in the implementation of the Official Languages ​​Policy.
CO 40
Zink Sulphate 7 Hydrate
Expenditure as at 31.12.2014
Diploma in Shipping (OSLO)
Urban Development;
Projects where construction has been completed from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015
6.3. South Asian Free Trade Area
In thousands of rupees
Accordingly, the Official Languages Awards were won by exhibition stalls presented by Central Bank of Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka Ports Authority and Foreign Employment Bureau of Sri Lanka.
Nuwara Eliya
(b) The materials procured by the Project at a cost of Rs. 84.71 million through contractors engaged in civil construction works had been transferred to Regional Offices of the National Water Supply and Drainage Board.
Hence the organization was able to	pump new blood	to the Sales Division while	reducing liability.
02. Acquisition of Capital Assets
(b) Transfers by Secretary, Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs (Transfers other than Annual Transfers)
Page No (Reference to relevant DGSA format)
The Ministry and the Police Department adhere to several systems in order to manage public complaints, suggestions, allegations and grievances.
(iv) The value of the services that could have been obtained but not obtained by the Corporation in relation to the contra agreements in the year 2012 amounted to Rs. 27,373,291.
Previous station
The Name Batticaloa was obtained from the name of Mattakkalappu or Mattukkalappu.
According to the Project Management Manual, the activities of the Program comprised under 03 major components namely, enhancing transmission infrastructure for energy efficiency, improving the efficiency of media voltage network and improving on-demand management.
Guidelines for the Preparations of Annual Budget Estimates
Even though under Section 126 of the Pradeshiya Sabha Act, by-laws should be enacted to fulfill 30 main matters, as on December 31, 2018, by-laws had been enacted for only 12 matters.
RCA/UNDP
Reconstruction of widening of 8 bridges
Type of school
Preparation of a National Plan for minimizing human elephant conflict has been completed.
Additional Pensioners for the Year 2015
Counting begins in the presence of the Counting Agents who are not more than five agents of a political party or an independent group and in the presence of two Counting Agents of a political party or an independent group.
Japan Aided Project/ JAP Baseline Road Project
Bulk valuations
Sri Lanka Co-operative Alliance of Resource Management of Thrift and Credit Co-operative Societies Ltd.
Retirement Training Course
Progress of Quazi Courts (2011 – 2015)
I am proud to state that we were able to achieve the significant role expected from our Department according to the government policies during 2014, in an efficient and productive manner.
The project aims at relocating and developing the ITUM, mainly with the objective of increasing the output of diplomats and thereby supporting further development of both University of Moratuwa and the Institute of Technology.
(d) Solid Waste Management
4.2. Human Resource Management
This event accounted best appreciation from foreign participants and it was a successful international event in 2015.
The audit of the financial statements of the Establishment of Research and Training Complex at the Faculty of Agriculture, University of Jaffna Project for the year ended 31 December 2018 comprising the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018 and the statement of financial performance and cash flow statement for the year then ended and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with the Grant Agreement No. 1560660 dated 18 May 2016 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the Japan International Cooperation Agency.
Permits issued
Institutional Strengthening for Phase-out of Ozone Depleting Substance( Phase – IX)
The  audit of financial statements of the Ceylon Electricity Board (CEB) and the consolidated financial statements of the Ceylon Electricity Board and its Subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2013  comprising the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2013 and the statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the year then ended and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 13(1) of the Finance Act, No 38 of 1971 and Section 49(4) of the Ceylon Electricity Board Act, No.17 of 1969 as amended by Act, No.31 of 1969.
Chairperson, Audit Committee
Director's Message
Over 300 of students have benefited.
Balance as on 31st January 2011
Carbon tax
02. Accordingly, the Department of National Budget should request the necessary provisions for the expenditure incurred by the Treasury on the use of imprest, which could not be covered by the cost incurred by the Treasury to direct the process of purchasing agricultural products.
Stage Four - Collection of detailed data related to industry, trade and service sectors
Dedicated 33 kilovolt power line length
Deposits and Advances
While engaging in uplifting the economy of our local suppliers, craftsmen and souvenir suppliers, as a state institute, it also works towards the fulfillment of government objectives of developing the small and medium scale industries through which necessary programs were formulated in order to strengthen the rural economy having uplifted the local handicraft entrepreneurs.
Senior Superintendent of Police
Facilitation of growing of CO3 grass
The determination of state and private lands and transferring to the relevant inherent for private ownership, the lands thus determined as a private issue of Survey plans to the said lands and transferring to the government is known as Land Settlement.
Feasibility Study
Actual Limits Rs.
Lockers - 285
Number of retired / deceased pensioners in 2015
07. Training Program salary conversion
For programs during Lent organized by the Education Division in the Chilaw Diocese
Airport
Accordingly, it is required to use the given asset coding for the identification and management of assets in future.
Excess income over expenses
Estimate (Rs. Million)
g) Department of Public Enterprises (PED) liaised with the Ministry of Finance and Planning (MOFP) to obtain MOFP’s concurrence for activities and operations of State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) where necessary, as per the Finance Act, Financial Regulations or Department of Public Enterprises (PED) circulars.
3.4. Bilateral Discussion on Trade, Investment & Economic Issues between India and Sri Lanka
02. Functions of the Ministry of Justice
Residential facilities are also available for batches of 75 trainees.
The project consists of two packages.
3.6.3 Idle / Underutilized Assets
Vesak Sermon - Rev. Naranbedde Ananda Sagara-12.05.2015
Coordinate activities related to the Public Accounts Committee and Public Enterprises Committee on behalf of the institutions under the Ministry
The following observations are made
Senior Motor Vehicle Inspector
D. S. Office - Welivitiya Divithura
Commission and the EUh was came into effect from Parliament has approved the new GSP 01.01.2014.
2.After collecting the completed documents (BC forms) and other relevant reports from the enumerators at the District Offices, the "A" List including the names to be deleted from the operative register and the "B" List including the names to be included in the revised register will be compiled by computer and exhibited at the following places for 28 days of statutory period during the months of September or October each year (as mentioned in the Act).
Note - 14
Galle District lies between 5.970 and 6.440  of northern latitudes and between 79.990 and 80.490 of eastern longitudes.
56 Mrs. H. A. S. S. Jayaratne, P. M. S. II
Dambulla, Galwala, Naula, Laggala - Pallegama and Pallapola Divisional Secretariats have been selected for the study activities under the first phase of the Groundwater Study Dam Protection and Water Resources Planning Project in the Matale Pilot Area.
Chairman T.U.L.F.
(vii) Information on Frauds
In the year 2014, the National Enterprise Development Authority conducted 2 capacity building programs for 12 entrepreneurs in the Kurunegala District.
Protection of the Rights of the Elderly Persons Act No. 5 of 2011 (Amended)
Librarian (Permanent)
Public Relations and Public Affairs
Additionally, we were able to add a high standard visual quality for drama and musical productions as we purchased a special effect filter and a Clay box.
Issuing Certificates of Justice of Peace
Negombo Hospital
Category 4
New trends of Dewey decimal classification 1 day
Tuesday, 29 August, 2017
Inventories are calculated at the lowest value on the basis of wholesale cost and the Net Realizable Value.
(d) Whether the funds, materials and equipment supplied had been utilized for the purposes of the Project,
Communist Party of Sri Lanka
Number of votes obtained by the candidates under each electoral district
The Upper Kotmale Hydropower powerhouse is a run of river type project.
Securing identity of the communities and creating awareness among them on the importance of mutual understanding and confidence to enhance same the said qualities
Continuing the purchasing of vehicles for the use of government agencies on the Financial Leasing Method with approval of the Cabinet of Ministers on 30/08/2010, the government has made an attempt to manage the public expenditure efficiently.
Acquisition of capital assets
Fax No.: 2448866
2.4.2 Employees’ Loan Recoverable
From 03rd September 2013 to 28th February 2015 at Second Floor, Building No. 09, Bandaranaike International Memorial Conference Hall, Colombo 07.
Divisional Secretariat, Bamunakotuwa
472, Sri Sangaraja Mawatha,
Report of the Auditor General on the Financial Statements of the Ceylon Electricity Board and the consolidated Financial Statements of the Ceylon Electricity Boards and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2013 in terms of Section 14(2) (C) of the Finance Act No. 38 of 1971.
Police and Regulatory Services
3-4 years
Financial Progress – 72%
Flower cultivation
Other transfers
Training programs on Vehicle Emission Testing for officials, technicians
Number of officers participated
community  District comity Meeting
Mr. U.D. Niriella
The year 2012 commenced with 52.3%.
Mr. J. M. R. A. B. Jayasundera
06. Foods obtained from the Army.
An officer who joined the service in English medium can make use of the provisions in paragraph 04 to obtain the relevant Second Language Proficiency.
Total tax revenue on other international trade
Progress of Payment of Pensions - 2015
Embedded Generators in the Province
R.M.A. Ratnayake
Imprest got in May 2019 for this construction and now construction works is going on quickly.
Pallewaththa Gamaralalage Maithripala Sirisena
Conversion of spatial data in text format is important for coding to query the data from database.
Thirunagar, Kilinochchi
Response of the Management
Maintenance expenditure of the pump house, Gampaha Hospital
National Security and Law Enforcement
Alstom Hydro, France has accepted the contract for this project.
Number of births
Number of Works Completed
However, action will be taken to inform the candidates of the scheduled dates of the Oral Test  one month prior to the test.
Revenue Account
Tissue Culture Laboratory Building
Mr. C. Pathmanathan, Professor of History, University of Peradeniya and Mr. Vethachchalam, Associate Professor of Archaeology, University of Tamil Nadu, India conducted lectures.
Rural Development Societies
Total Net Provision (1+2+3)
Financial Progress from 01.01.2014 to 31.12.2014 (110-01-03)
Ms. M. B. A. Dissanayake
Officer Name, Signature and Date:
(b) Documents relating to the identification of industrial debtor balances continuing to exist from the years prior to 2016 had not been made available to the audit and despite being informed that a sum of Rs. 15,893,439 had been received in regard of 110 works executed by the Sabha during the preceding year, no documentary evidence had been presented in that connection.
Subjects and the Functions of the Institute
Beneficiaries -2650
Establishment of a toilet system in the upper part of the garden
Bay of Bengal
3.16 Accounting for Expenditure
Work in progress - Construction
Acquisitions through purchases
5.7 Under Section 26(1) of the Parliamentary Elections Act No. 1 of 1981, the electoral registers were exhibited as books at offices of all Returning Officers and Divisional Secretariats to facilitate easy reference to the persons, who were qualified to vote by post and actions were taken to establish 17 exhibition centers in the Colombo District and to provide relevant particulars using computers.
Composition of Recurrent Expenditure - Year 2015
Report of the Movement of Non-Current Assets - 2015
A representative from the Auditor Generals’ Department/External Auditors or any other person whose services is essential for the functioning of the Audit Committee could be invited to serve as an observer.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Trust’s financial reporting process.
03. Psychological programme
Grain Legumes
24. Assets Classified As Held for Sale
Functions of the Ministry
Human Rights Diploma
Communication
Drugs Prevention, Treatment and Rehabilitation Programs
The research unit collects data on brand names in Sinhala and Tamil to prepare more accurate brand names in Sinhala and Tamil to be made available to the general public.
Application of 15 t/ha – 20 t/ha of cow dung at planting or 10 t/ha two weeks before planting was identified as a good method to control fungal bulb rot in cluster onion.
5.12 On 28.06.2015, the Commissioner of Elections informed the Heads of government institutions, who had government properties with their possession, not to allow the use of state property in any manner, for the promotion of candidates.
There are 135 registered exporters in the private sector.
Japanese Nuclear Researchers Exchange Program for 2013
Guide Commission Imprest
Table I
No of loans granted
“Palath Neguma” Programme
Senior Lecturer, Department of Chemistry, University of Kelaniya
Under this, relevant training has been provided to the officers of Anuradhapura, Kandy, Kurunegala, Nuwara Eliya, and Ratnapura Divisional Secretariats.
Track & Field
Renovation of Judges' quarters, staff quarters and buildings belonging to the Institution
Benthota
As a regular feature, the allocations made by the Annual Estimates under the Project are transferred to other Projects executed by the Line Ministry.
Greater Colombo Water & Wastewater Management Improvement Investment Programme - Project 2
2.5.4 Inspections on Co-operative Societies/Federations
Rs. 257,315
Ananda Chandralal
Number of Police Station (Parent) Committees
Human Resource Development
Therefore, the expenditure incurred so far in terms of Vote on Account in Column 7 of Annexure 1 attached hitherto, should be accounted under the new Ministries mentioned in Column 4 as explained in Column 5 of the said Annexure (the expenditure recorded under Object Codes since January should be surcharged and debited to the Object Codes of new Expenditure Heads).
Subsequent capital expenditure relating to the asset will be capitalized if the capacity, value or improvement of that asset occurs in the long run.
Mrs. M. M. M. Senarath
Formulating regulations pertaining to controlling activities related to various flora and fauna
Social Security Program
Further, no physical verification had been carried out in respect of property, plant and equipment for the year under review.
Beneficiaries: 2500 farmer families
Amount in arrears up to 30.06.2020
Group Fellowship Training on Soil and Water Management in Agriculture
1.3.4 Non-compliance with laws, rules, regulations, and management decisions
Rs. Cents
Effect of environmental factors on transformation from vegetative to flowering phases
6.2 Although the Elections of the Pudukuduirippu and Maritimepattu Pradeshiya Sabhas in the Mullaitivu District were due to take place, due to court proceedings in this regard, the Election Commissioner could not issue a notification regarding the registration of the parties even in the year 2015.
The Project commenced its activities under the New Funding Model Component on 01 January 2016 and expected to be completed by 31 December 2018.
These include a summary of the Financial Statement and the Financial Progress Statement for the Year ending on 31st December 2013.
Tertiary Level
(b) My opinion: - I have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion and as far as appears from my examination proper accounting records have not been kept by the Company.
Undivided value (Rs. Mn.)
Measurable reasons for the variance at (16) above
Arts & Culture promoting Social Integration
Accordingly, Rs. 30.5 million has been spent till the end of last year.
However, a balance of mobilization advances amounting to Rs 68.25 million had remained outstanding as at 31 December 2017.
Reference to Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
In previous reporting periods including up to the reporting period ended 31 March 2012, the company prepared its financial statements in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards (SLAS), which were effective up to 31 December 2011.
As this Institute functions within the purview of the Ministry of Justice, the vision of the Ministry of Justice relates to this Institute.
Udawalawa
In terms of the Standard, the useful life of non-current assets should be annually reviewed, revalued and accounted for properly.
(i) Non-compliance with laws, rules, and regulations
Part C - Rehabilitation and Replacement
Registered Office of the Controlling Company
Telecommunication (No.of Lines):
The Principle activities of the Institute are:
More than 60 students participated in this programme.
Under the provisions given to the special programme of developing the skills of the disabled children in the year 2015 by the Ministry of Social Empowerment & Welfare, following services such as referring the selected group of trainees among all trainees, who have completed the training at the vocational training centres successfully, providing disabled youth with assistance for the self-employments in divisional levels, giving publicity to the artistic skills of the children with disabilities & improve their sports talents for the maintenance of the good health condition have been done.
National Ranaviru day function was successfully held at the Parliamentary sports ground on May 18th 2011
The Management is currently taking action to identify existing shortcomings by reviewing action plans and reports on monthly progress and to address these shortcomings.
Judicial Ethics and Effective Courts & Case Management
Office requisites
But since a Material Transfer Agreement cannot also contain the rules, principles, and procedure by which it is to be developed and administered, there should be a clear policy on Access to Biological Resources and Benefit Sharing.
5.2 Progress of the Implementation of the Land Settlement Ordinance in 2014
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards, and for such internal control as what management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Generation Projects
22. Financial Statement
Director ( SL Acc Service)
1 January 2011
Past Questions Paper for Final Examination - 3000 Copies
Presidential Task Force for Trilingual Sri Lanka
Capital Expenditure - 2014
Tharanaya Newsletter (Semi Annual) - Contains current news and information from the Institute and the Ministry.
LOSS OF INDEX FINGER
Outstanding Performance in 2013
Summary of Control Accounts for Advance & Deposit Accounts - 2015
They belong to various positions in offices/ schools.
Also, the specific magazines allocated to Communication, Information Technology, Space Technologies, Electronics are available in the periodical section.
Even though a sum of Rs. 35,000,000 out of the profit of the year under review and a sum of Rs. 200,000,000 out of the retained profit had been allocated and the balance as at the end of the year amounted to Rs. 853,842,734, actions had not been taken for the construction of a building for the Board.
1.2.2. Suspense Accounts
If further instructions are required for accounting activities, the Department of State Accounts can be consulted.
Ridiamaliyadda
New Year in Japan - New Year Celebration of the Sri Lankan people living in Japan.
Monaragala - Buttala Water Supply Project is being implemented through loan facilities extended by KBC Bank of Belgium (Euro 12.9 million) and Hatton National Bank (USD 8.98 million).
6.43m
152(II) Guidelines for the provision of relief to the public in an emergency disaster situation and restoration of damaged areas
These development workers carry out training programs in a number of training areas to develop their knowledge, skills and attitudes about participatory development methods and make them creative individuals.
Registration of Hiflul Quran Madrasa, preparation of syllabus and its administrative activities.
(d) Circular, No. IAI/2002/02 of the Secretary to the Treasury, dated 28 November 2002.
Financial Reporting in compliance with accounting Standards 1 day
They are Kegalle, Mawanella, Kandy City, Peradeniya, Kundasale, Katugastota, Galagedara, Matale, Dambulla, Nuwaraeliya, Ginigathena and Nawalapitiya.
7.0  Trade, Investment and Tourism Promotion
The Project had commenced its activities in February 2016 and scheduled to be completed in 2025.
Evaluation of stem borer resistance in finger millet
Al-Azhar University, Egypt
As per the Loan Agreement, the estimated total cost of the Project amounted to Japan Yen 10,846 million equivalent to Rs. 10,330 million and out of that Japan Yen 8,388 million representing 77.30 per cent equivalent to Rs. 7,989 million was agreed to be financed by the Japan International Cooperation Agency.
Construction of Digital Technology Crime Investigation Centre
Public Administration Circular: 09/2016
Less than 5 years
It is informed that if any overpayment is divulged due to incorrect classification or miscalculation or any other error, that amount will be subjected to recovery.
Confirmation of Balance
Performance of the operational activities of this department is based on the broader scope of public finance management and planning of the Ministry of Finance and Planning and overall mandate of the Department of National Budget.
All five posts of District Officers of Co-operative Development, for which the interviews were conducted in the year 2013, remaining vacant was a great hindrance for the supervision tasks of the Department.
Implementation of the project for providing assistance to Dhamma School teachers
I communicated with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that I had identified during my audit.
The Court of Appeal also has Writ jurisdiction.
D. G. S. A - 5
Data of 7.5 new topographical data sheets in the scale of 1:50,000 have been entered to the topographical data base.
Mrs. M. D. Y. Dharmasekara
Major projects completed
Miss. J. A. Y. G. Jayasuriya
(d) Bank Accounts
My conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of my Auditor’s Report.
09. Training Programme on Procurement Process
Budgeted
Allocation of Supplementary Provisions and Supplementary Estimates
(a) 03 tractors, 03 trailers, 04 motorcycles, and spare parts valued at Rs.5.72 million, purchased in the year 1990 under Standards 3 and 5 of ERRP Project were kept at the Holcim Lanka Limited, Puttalam from the date of purchase up to the end of the year under review and action had not been taken to value them and disclose them in the financial statements.
Group Visits
Dodangoda to Kurudugahahetekma: 99%
Oshin
Total area
09. Special projects implemented in 2011
Table 4
Referred institution
The maturity period for both bonds is 5 years.
Small Enterprise Development
Rs. 124.60 Mn
Northern Province
In my opinion, the financial statements of the fund give a true and fair view of the financial position of the National Film Development Fund as at 31 December 2018, and of its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards.
Type of Bill
In February 2007, NBRO was brought under purview of the Ministry of Disaster Management Human Rights.
(b) Even though, the overpaid amount of Rs. 101,196 for 2 works had been recovered,  necessary action had not been taken on the officers who were responsible for preparing reports to make incorrect payments and make recommendation and given approval on the matters such as not taking correct measurements and non-applying of agreed prices.
3.4 Identified Losses
Men
5.19 After the polling of every polling station commenced at 7.00 a.m. and ended at 4.00 p.m., the poll ballot boxes and other materials were handed over to the offices of the Returning Officers on the same day and after that counting of votes commenced at the counting centers.
Source of funding
Diploma in Management – Open University
Name of regulation or law
The Institute educates and trains employers, employees and all other categories of people who will benefit from such training as well as co-operate in investigations studies surveys and research in the field of Occupational Safety and Health.
New Year OB Monaragala,
Other advance accounts
Construction of a flyover at Mattala airport acess road junction in Hambantota hub development
That had not been rectified even by the end of the year under review.
91 days
H.R.Sarathie Dushmantha
Don't go sightseeing.
Registration Division of Books and Newspaper
Social Media & Right to Privacy
Secretaries of line Ministries are required to oversee the assets information submission process of all organizations falling under the purview of the respective Ministries.
Conducted a lecture on the butterflies of Sri Lanka at St. Matthew’s Vidyalaya-Colombo with the participation of 250 students.
After conducting training sessions for users, implementation was carried out and the entire Silumina Liberty system workflow along with pagination was completed by July 2013.
The mobility between Northern part and the country’s rest of the regions is improved.
August 25
There is also a provincial laboratory of this Department located in Kurunegala.
New Design Development Programs
Regarding rent, assessment reports are obtained through the respective Divisional Secretary decide on the lease rent.
Table 13: Apportionment of Block Grant - 2016
13. Development Assistant
Distribution Division 1 was able to complete the construction of 48 km of MV lines which were proposed under this Plan.
T.P. - 0112877376
(a) Understatements and Overstatements
Climate change impacts on Rice and Maize Production in Sri Lanka
Based on the policy decision taken in 2013, treasury converted the on-lent loan amounting to Rs. 162 billion to equity with a view to strengthen CEB’s balance sheet and to facilitate CEB to operate independently.
The broad activities of the centre will be directing, issuing guidelines, facilitating, coordinating, monitoring and where necessary directly implementing or enforcing activities related to the following:
Replacement of two 33kV oil type circuit breakers at the old Anuradhapura grid substation with new SF6 breakers
A representative of the Ministry in charge of the subject of Finance
Accordingly, permit holders are given sufficient time to complete the planting activities, by extending the valid period of their permits.
Al. M.S.Sahabdeen
1. Setting out of benchmarks for lower Uma Oya multi-purpose project and Northwestern Provincial Ela project, Nakkala multi-purpose project, turning of Gin - Nilwala river project
Staff Administration
Divineguma Investment Development Program
Ayagama
Board Allowances
Monthly Summary of Treasury Authorized Imprest Accounts
04. In addition, if any clarification is needed regarding the release of imprest, contact Mr. H.C.D.L.Silva, Additional Director General, Department of Treasury Operations (T.P. 011 2484994); if any clarification is needed regarding the accounting of expenditure, contact Mr. A.P. Kurumbalapitiya, Director, Department of State Accounts (T.P. 011-2484753) and if any clarification is needed regarding the allocation of provisions, contact Mr. M.J.M.Ifham, Assistant Director, Department of National Budget (T.P. 011-2848687).
The institute is now expanding its role and conducting a number of training programs islandwide.
The approval has not been granted
All Secretaries of Ministries
Provisions allocated for 2014 - Rs.200.00 Mn.
-Sundry
Using that experience and knowledge to improve the productivity of the Labour Tribunals to carry out the necessary awareness programs in coordination with the Productivity Secretariat and to make necessary submissions for the competitions conducted by that institution.
There were some lapses from the project partners, Promoter Company and promoter Bank.
Accordingly, 286 Sipdora Scholarships were awarded during the year 2014.
Jayantha Kulathunge
Accordingly, General Treasury will not undertake to settle any liability that does not confirm with the above instructions.
(iii) Partial loss of hearing in one ear
Paduwasnuwara West
T.L.R. Silva
4.2. Budgetary Control
The Overall Progress of the Institution
At that juncture, the payments had to be made on several occasions and the allowance for the month of June 2012 had to be paid until October.
The main function of the Legal Draftsman's Department is the transformation of the Government policies on diverse subjects into legislation in line with the Constitution and the decisions made by the Cabinet of Ministers.
Pre-school children, parents and rural people
File Management (Divisional Secretariat - Karandeniya, Yakkalamulla)
These disclosures relate to an entity’s interests in subsidiaries, joint arrangements, associates.
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in the Table 2 of my report, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Project as at 31 December 2018, financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
Last Updated on Tuesday, 05 March 2013 08:57
Procedures of the Administration Sector
Space applications
"The Road to Business" programme
03. Physical Performance
Koralepattu South (Kiran)
Role of root architectural traits in water limited environment of Mung bean
Gattuwana No. - 04
Before 01st July
The institution proposed an amendment to the National Institute of Language Education and Training Act based on findings and discussion from the March 2013 workshop on its Governance Structure, Legal Framework and Mandate to support.
The participants were mainly from the government institutions and NGO’s who are working in Water sector.
a. Climate Resilience Improvement Project (CRIP)
As of 31/12/2014
(c) Value of 44 lands owned by the Sabha (Council) had not been assessed and stated in the financial statements.
The Directors are of the view that they have discharged their responsibilities as set out in this statement.
Construction of the Court-houses, Judges Quarters, and Labour Tribunals
05. Non-member Deposits
Issuing cheques
Antony Nimal Lansa Warnakulasooriya
I agree.
Nature of the SLFRS Adjustments / Effects
Black Buck
Bicycle
Granting Funds for Day Care Centres - 2012
(c) Based on the quarterly estimates approved by the Department of National Budget and entered into the CIGAS program by the Department of State Accounts, expenditure agencies must forecast their imprest requirement for each expenditure head and forward them to the Department of Treasury Operations through the above Website.
Even though research work is the primary function of the Centre, there were 43 vacancies in the staff related thereto.
To provide surveying services in all statutory requirements
New Appointments in 2014
For the purpose of providing infrastructure facilities to Hindu temples in the country, 79 Hindu Temples have received financial assistance.
The founder of this institute was the former Vice-Chancellor of the University of Colombo and the present Chairperson of the University Grants Commission, Professor Kshanika Hirimburegama.
Ceylon Shipping Corporation Ltd Annual Reports and the Statement of Accounts
Accordingly, 8160 participants were being attended for language training throughout the country through 272 classes at the end of the year 2014.
Viyaluwa
The recruitment procedure of the Sabha and the basic qualifications relating to the post of works overseer had not been furnished to audit.
Palindanuwara
Recommendations for land
Similar to the 2014 revision, in 2015 too, the general public was made aware through paper advertisements and electronic media to inform the Election Commission or the District Elections Offices before 28.12.2015, if their names were not included in the electoral register.
Clarifications
The Ministry of National Languages ​​and Social Integration is a Ministry that implements the recommendations of the Lessons Learned and Reconciliation Commission and the National Human Rights Action Plan.
The Chief Financial Officer or Chief Accountant should sign all the specien forms.
Eastern Province Water Supply Development Project - 2017
Budget: 3 Spiritual and social programmes
Tax on Domestic goods and services
On or before 30th April 2016
Directors’ fees paid during the year amounted to Rs. 1,550,000 /-
To discharge duties and functions imposed under the Law Commission Act of Sri Lanka for the purpose of promoting the reform of the law.
d) Audit findings of the Auditor General’s reports on the financial statements of the State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) were followed up.
Temples Organizations Aranery Schools Teachers Students
This Project is implemented under the decision made at the meeting of Cabinet of Ministers held on 19 November 2009.
E-mail a copy of this message to your email address.
Idle and Underutilized Resources
Prevent and control of diseases
KE 299
(c) Whether adequate accounting records were maintained on a continuing basis to show the expenditure of the Program from the funds of the Government of Sri Lanka and the Lending Agency, the progress of the Program in financial and physical terms, the assets and liabilities arising from the operations of the Program, the identifications of the purchases made out of the Loan, etc.
Telephone bills
Also, instructions were given to distribute the allocations in all the spending agencies and the Provincial Councils in a manner that would manage the sectoral allocation.
Auditorium - Facilities for 200 people
Senior Executive/ MO Specialists
46 Ms. G. A. Priyadarshani, P. M. S. III
Publications & Presentations
(e) Payments totaling Rs. 349,000 had been made to purchase 7,000 fertilizer bags for the solid waste management project.
Financial assets and financial liabilities
04. Preventing Bribery and Corruption
Vehicle Overheads
SL
There were 23 audit queries submitted by the Auditor General in the year 2014 and 21 of them (excluding 2 audit queries submitted on 31.12.2014) were able to be answered within the year.
8. Buganda Syndrome
Additional Secretary (Development and Planning)
Total Equity and Liabilities
Allocation Rs.
In achieving the ambition of making Sri Lanka a regional knowledge hub by 2016, it is imperative that Institutions like ITI make strong endeavors to play a key role in this area.
Mr. Roshan Raveendra
Ministry of Public Administration, Local Government and Democratic Governance
Arrangements have been made to confiscate these properties and recover the amount due.
March - For students in the National Boxing Squad
Property loan interest for public servants
(ii) Only three employees had been employed in the Waste Management Center which required at least 10 workers per day.
Sub Section 13:2 and 13:5 of Chapter XXIV of the Establishments Code
Rs. 20,000.00
5. Construction of Batticaloa Court Complex Stage 2
Rainfall (mm)
(a) If the Secretary, Chairman, Treasurer, and Central Executive Members of the mother association of a Trade Union of Combined Services which is recognized by the Director General of Combined Service and registered by the Commissioner General of Labor are transferred, such transfers should be made to a service station that does not affect the activities of the Trade Union by also considering the recommendation of the Secretary of the relevant Trade Union.
An impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss for the amount by which the asset or cash generating units carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
Ceylon Electricity Board Owns 63% (2012 - 63%) of ordinary shares of the Group.
Reporting and the Currency Used
Minister’s Staff (Full)
1.All Secretaries of the Ministries
Number of tasks
In the same manner District Returning Officers prepared the results on the polling division level and the district level and sent to the Commissioner of Elections.
The Second Round of Commerce Secretary Level discussion was held from 23-24 January 2014 in New Delhi, India.
Vijayaratnam Edwin Daniel
Cash in Hand
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Statements
The total loss suffered by Infomedia (Pvt) Ltd during its entire operation is only Rs. 6.9 million.
9. Staff movements
The percentage of the solutions provided - 74%
6. Provision of tools and seeds for home gardening.
Goods and services totaling Rs. 3,362,405 had been purchased in 03 instances without inviting quotations.
New Radio Transmission tower was established at Thotupolakanda of Horton Plains National park.
The staff of the office of the Additional Finance Manager (Distribution Division 2) at the 5S awards ceremony
Supply and installation of Automated Rain Gauges to NBRO
(d) Two water tanks of 1000 litres and 11 water tanks of 500 litres had been purchased for Rupees 75,929 while the reasons for rejecting the lowest price with a warranty period of 10 years had not been indicated.
3. The main functions of the Ministry
Land Acquisition
The revenue that should be given to the government is collected under 12 revenue heads from 19 Divisional Secretariats and the District Secretariat and it has been reported to relevant accounting officers through relevant monthly credit reports.
Details about Staff
In the year 2012, 162 elders were continuously provided with financial assistance of Rs. 250/= per month, through the donation from philanthropists.
(a)The compensation of Rs. 38,704,668 paid to an International Company in the year under review and the finance cost of Rs. 3,458,588.
Personal Salary - Sub Collection (A + B)
Fault repairs
Work Content
Allocation
The balance of the Building Construction Receive Account, maintained for the construction of a building for the National Lotteries Board, as at 01 January 2012 amounted to Rs. 618,842,734.
Total Recurrent Expenditure
Disable War Heroes Project Operating Expenses
The financial statements for the year 2017 had been presented to audit on 29 March 2018 and the report of the Auditor General on the financial statements had been forwarded to the Chairman on 28 September 2018.
Population at Divisional Secretariat level
Puttalam Administrative District is bounded by the Kala Oya in the North, Kurunegala District in the East, Ma Oya in the South and the Indian Ocean Coast in the West.
1996 172 'කා - කෟ'
Electoral District No. 22
Admin Company Ceylon Electricity Board
The task is underway to fill the vacancies.
Sports Training Officers of the National Youth Services Council.
Bopagoda Hettiarachchige Wijepala
4 Setting out of Geodetic control points in Kalutara - Colombo
5. Furniture & Fittings 10%
Number of Cases Filed for the Recovery of Possession
3. Opanayaka
Mr. H. G. Ranatunga
After the G.C.E Ordinary Level
Initially, the Project commenced its activities on 16 January 2006, scheduled to be completed by 31 March 2011.
Secretary's Office
Out of the provision of Rs. 25,000,000 made under the Departmental Head of Expenditure for fuel expenditure of the year under review, a sum Rs. 8,019,349 had been transferred to the vote for the payment of allowance to officers.
The Field Officers serving under this Ministry have been directed to these Divisional Secretariats so as to render a more effective service for the general public.
Total of balances
16. Training on Environment Impact Assessment
4.4 Transactions of Contentious Nature
Mr. Chaman Gunaratne
08 December - 19 December
District student skills judgement panel certificate
Enhancing International Cooperation
Ms. Nadeesha Alahapperuma
Programmes and projects implemented by the Co-operative Fund in 2014
Financial Progress from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015 (228-01-01)
06. Officers who expect to be registered in the pool of disciplinary inquiry officers as per the provisions of Public Administration Circular 02/2001 (I) dated 11.10.2001 after their retirement, should submit their applications in accordance with the specimen mentioned in Annex I of Public Administration Circular No: 31/2001(VIII)-2012 dated 13.02.2013 and the list of names of retired officers who become qualified out of them will be published from time to time.
G / Christ Church Girls' School
State Minister’s Office
Piling work at Kallady Bridge
Electrician
Reconciliation of public officers Advance Account 2014
Coordinating the procurement, storage and marketing of agricultural products to create local producers capable of facing competition in the local and international markets.
Accordingly, at the revision of electoral registers in 2015, multiple registrations among newly inserted names within the district, newly inserted names within the district and the names in the operative electoral register (2014) of the district, newly inserted names within the district and newly inserted names in all other districts, and newly inserted names within the district and the names in the operative electoral registers of all other districts were examined by using methods to check the multiple registrations.
DGM (Northern Province)
2.1 Financial Results
“Social Integration” Youth Camps are held annually as a special programme by the Ministry since the youth are the Change Agents and the future leaders of the nation.
vi. Conducting of professional skills development programs for apprentice surveyors
No. 80/5 Rajamalwatta Avenue, Battaramulla.
Two day short term training program on “Stress Management and Leadership Skills Development” conducted by the Training Division of the National Institute of Social Development for 55 Hambantota District Development Officers of the Divineguma Development Department will be held on 04th and 05th August 2016 at the Ranna Regional Training Center, National Institute of Social Development.
01. Director General
Apart from that a significant number of consultancies, measurements and advance hardware recovery assignments were undertaken by the institute.
3.0 Human Resources Management
CP 02
This setback seemed to have caused due to following reasons.
The main reason for the increase in accrued expenses was the lack of adequate imprest in December 2012.
Senior Citizens Pension Scheme
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Disodium Salt
Over the provided cost of CRD Projects
Identify and expand the job market for the disabled
Amount (USD million)
CO 01
32. It is not only the duty but also the responsibility of the proprietors of media institutions and administrators/ users of social media to adhere to the above guidelines because it is quintessential to follow them during the election period.
Trilingual Sri Lanka Programme
The Sabha had not prepared a main Procurement Plan in terms of Section 4.2 of the Government Procurement Guidelines.
Sri Lanka Architects’ Service
A sum totaling Rs. 2,364,590 over 10 percent of the estimated amount ranging from 28 percent to 16 percent had been paid for additional work of 02 factories without formal approval.
Rs. 600,000.00
Number of Voters
The Notice under Section 20 of the Act was published in Gazette No. 1947/33 of 31.12.2015 and in the newspapers on the same day.
See Today
The following process should be followed in forwarding the Appropriation Account to the Auditor General.
12. Surveying and Demarcation of Boundaries
Even though action had been taken to make the Chairman of the Ceylon Fisheries Corporation aware of this matter at the Management Trust meetings, due to the financial crisis arisen in the Ceylon Fisheries Corporation at present, it is not possible to make the relevant payment at this juncture.
3.1 From the officers serving in the Ministries / Departments (Annexure 3.1)
Although it is problematic to have a surplus of one unapproved executive grade post, the existence of 07 other vacancies along with 08 non-executive level vacancies has been a challenge to the Corporation to continue its operations.
The main objective of this was to reduce the regional disparities in the country and facilitate the process of distributing resources to the provinces and provincial development planning.
This  reason enabled the said Institution to achieve physical and financial progress as planned in 2013.
There are eight Police Stations which are being fully completed.
15. Ministry of Environment
Uneconomic Transactions
Basic theories of Modulation and Demodulation
New design Training Program Divinaguma - wood related
Annexure VI
In addition, it is a higher education institution recognized by the University Grants Commission as a degree awarding institution under Section 25A of the Act No. 16 of 1978.
Equipment used for underground asset excavation
Financial Review
It was planned to conduct 07 of such programs during 2015.
Explanation for variations between Total Net provision and Actual Recurrent Expenditure
The Cabinet approval will be sought prior to entering into the amended Purchase Agreement.
Mrs. L. R. N. Somathilake
Kulatunga Gunasekara
An appeal has been made to the Department of Inland Revenue in connection with the settlement of Goods and Service Tax payable and it is expected to settle this by the end of the current year.
Director (Engineer)
Laboratories/ Research Institutes
Four programme Co-coordinating officers were appointed and two training programmes on the subject were held.
The replacement of the Human Machine Interface (HMI) system of 115 MW Fiat Gas Turbine by reverse engineering has been successfully completed by CEB engineers.
The Second Round of Commerce Secretary Level discussion was held from 23-24 January 2014 in New Delhi, India.
Rehabilitation and Improvement of Machinery and Equipment
DST’s/DG’s in the Treasury (Newspaper articles published in the news papers relating to the treasury)
Mrs. Ajantha Pieris is a Grade III officer of Sri Lanka Planning Service.
Forwarding the problems & needs of the villages to the relevant authorities and finding ways to solve them.
Length (Km): 53.44
Staff Turnover Factor [%]
Provincial Council
4.1.2 Information Systems Development Projects
Officers were exposed to the following 18 training programs for human resource development to streamlining the tasks of the Department.
Chakrawarthige Jerad Riyensi Fernando
Of this amount, 78.91 per cent has been received for the development of highways.
Priority is given to the welfare of sportsmen / sportswomen and facilities of this hotel are provided for them and for the National Sports Clubs at concessionary rates.
Assistance for the clearing of a large number of piled up child abuse cases
Property/ Housing
06. Constructing a new auditorium
Empowering Swashakthi (self-reliance) groups
Mr. Mahinda Dewage
Mr. Palitha Kusumsiri Wijesinghe
One objective is to create a demand among the public towards a bilingual public service by creating awareness among them with regard to their language rights.
BURGERS
Kiriellla
Rs. 160,000.00 (Maximum)
4.3 Failure to reconcile credit/debit notes with credit/debit entries made to the Revenue Account through a summary of accounts by other Ministries/Departments before the 15th day of the following month.
The financial statements are denominated in Sri Lankan Rupees, which are valid amounts related to the activities of the Institution.
02. Nallur
Hand pump basins
3.2.1. Department Staff
Dental Technician
(iii) These programmes were national level programmes and it was not easy to do this task with the other daily task of the National Savings Bank in a short period of time.
Health and Education
11. Department of Legal Draftsman
Performance as per the Action Plan
A workshop was held on 11.08.2015 at the Auditorium of Construction Development at Pelawatta for 125 senior officials including Planning Officers in each and every institutions coming under the Ministry, regarding the regularization of the planning and procurement process.
Mrs. S. A. C. Kulathilaka
14 Health Department’s  Co-operative Thrift & Savings Society 76
It is believed that there is a tunnel to Matota.
Thai pongal Festival was celebrated in Jaffna Navalar Manimandapam on 14.01.2014 and celebrations were arranged by the Department in Vavuniya, Kilinochchi, Kalutura, Colombo, Nuwara Eliya, Puttalam, Trincomalee and Batticaloa Districts.
3. Paddy Statistics
Construction work on the  renovation of the access road has been awarded to the Road development Authority (Southern Province).
Deyata Kirula National Exhibition in 2014 was held in Kuliyapitiya town.
The following special work was carried out by the Digital Bearer Unit during the year:
Kenya
I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my qualified audit opinion.
4. Accountability and Good Governance
SLIIT Project 2 - Solar Panel Project
One factory is under construction.
Date of reporting to work at the Department of Elections
Nevertheless, the loss incurred to the concrete division during the 5 preceding years ranged between Rs. 1 million to Rs. 20 million.
I. Chapter
Vocational Training Institute, Batugammana
The Muslim Programs Unit is attached to the Production Services Division.
Providing assistance to the Provincial Councils and their tasks
Entertainment and Recreation
To improve the quality of existing plants in the industry, high-quality planting material was added to the floriculture industry.
Information received on misplaced or stolen passports is subject to investigation prior to canceling them in such a manner as not to allow them for reuse and they will be sent to the Interpol.
Administrative activities of the district are carried out through 16 Divisional Secretariats.
For Building partitions   - 15%
June to September
Notes to the Financial Statements as at 31 March 2013
Additionally, support measures to ensure the safety of local industries by the Industrial Policy and Development Division in collaboration with the Department of Commerce.
The preliminary discussions have begun on the additional investment required for this purpose and the World bank has agreed to provide an additional investment of US $ 42 million.
llicit Liquor
The Divi Neguma subsidiary program implemented as a National Program has provided benefits to nearly fifty thousand low-income families or those unable to earn a living in the district.
Also, 300 placards with 5 different messages on language rights have been set up throughout the exhibition grounds to raise awareness among  the public on the exhibition.
Target of new beneficiaries for the year concerned
Investment in Treasury Bills
Fifteen works amounting to Rs. 10,124,323 which had not been budgeted in the year under review had been executed.
Mrs. G. R. Sadinona
This is followed by Bachelor of Agro-technology by adding 7 certificate courses and a six month research project.
The Corporation had not prepared a procurement plan for the year 2012 in terms of Section 05 of the Public Enterprises Circular No. PED dated 02 June 2003.
Payment Voucher Check
Accountant/ Internal Auditor S. L. A. S.
Under this circumstance, Crown Lands (Encroachment) Ordinance No: 12 was published by the British rulers in 1840.
The balance
Promotion of formal animal husbandry methods and facilitating same
The Debt Conciliation Board consists of five (05) members appointed by the Minister and one of them shall be nominated by the Minister to be Chairman of the Board.
Total Provision - 2015 (Rs.000)
Annual Performance & Accounts Report – 2015
Income - Business Activities (Rs. Million)
Torturing animals
Measurement units and Standard Services Unit
Mobile medical clinic for the staff and parents of the beneficiaries
1.2 The Qualified Opinion
Out of the balance lease rent of Rs. 649,773 to be recovered as at 31 December of the year under review, a sum of Rs. 142,539 had to be further recovered even by July 2018.
There are 45 projects on Agriculture and Products by utilizing the labour of Community Based Offenders at all the regional offices.
iii.  Held to Maturity Investments (HTM)
Projects in action
Charging for any services rendered by the Authority
Auditors: B. R. de Silva and Company (Chartered Accountants)
Making of access road near the gate left side of District Office, Ampara and courtyard
Necessary security for the counting centers was provided by the Police.
(Chairman)
Treasury Bills
5.4 Financing Local Authorities
(It is telecast every Sunday at 10.30 a.m. to 11 a.m.)
The Provincial Road Development Authority is in the process of establishing the vehicle park and decorative fences in the front and 25% of the construction work has been completed.
Value written off from the book
Balance as on 31.12.2014 as per Treasury books
Further, the operation and maintenance of these automated rain gauges has also been given to ITI for the next three years.
I. Advances of Public Officers
The efficiency of performance of the Department has been increased due to the hard work and dedication of all the staff members including newly recruited Development Officers.
(Revision of Electoral Registers – 2015)
11. Drawing cheques for presenting cash prizes
(c) Office of the Secretary to the Leader of the House
Most of these training programmes are held at the Agalawatta Language Training Centre.
Changes took place during the year
Further, a proposal of converting the Sports Hotel into a three-star hotel as a project of the Board of Investment has been submitted.
Amount Spent - Rs. 67.7 million.
However, no such system had been adopted and a Register had not been maintained by the Project.
(http://www.treasury.gov.lk)
The Arthur C Clarke Institute for Modern Technologies (ACCIMT) is a statutory corporation operating within the purview of the Ministry of Technology and Research.
Mantai Salt Company
But the parties were not able to reach a mutually agreeable solution.
However, no adjustment allowance should be added from 01.01.2016.
Programmer
Reminder letters were sent in order to receive the proven details relating the due balance and action will be taken to obtain the details from Committees who have not presented the details yet.
Part-time courses for public officers
Balance at the end of the Year
Deciduous forest lands
Funds utilized up to 31 December 2017
My comments and observations which I consider should be reported to Parliament appear in this report.
(A room charge at Rs. 8000 per day)
1. Number of Attempted Raids
Sarath Manamendra
Up to now 244 rehabilitation works packages are awarded with value of Rs 4,568.42 Million
Sectoral Distribution of Total Commitments in 2014
Secondary Level - Permanent
However, the contractor had not submitted the monthly bank statement of the respective Bank Account.
Draft budget estimates for 2017, prepared under the guidelines stipulated in this circular, should be provided to the Department of National Budget.
No. 600 C,
DGM (Personnel)
This course was conducted with the intention of developing the knowledge and skills of the Netball Coaches in Sri Lanka and 62 Netball Coaches participated.
The recovery had not taken place properly by the end of the year under review in regard to the sums of Rs. 147,800, Rs. 25,250, and Rs. 64,000 relating to leasing out vehicles, gully vehicle and the water bowser respectively.
Dr. Mr. L. W. Epakanda
According to the Companies Act No. 07 of 2007, the Directors are required to prepare Financial Statements for each financial year, which reflects a true and fair view of the state of the company as at the end of the financial year and the profit for that financial year.
The Court of Appeal issues the necessary orders and directions in related to the matters mentioned in the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act No. 25 of 2002 and Mutual Assistance in Civil and Commercial Matters Act No. 39 of 2000 and hears election petitions.
1.1 History of the Department
Newspaper advertisements are ready to be published.
Net Cash Balance from Operations
(K) Kilinochchi
Type of Facility
Rehabilitation and Improvements in Capital Assets
iv. Financial Regulation 264
Four account balances amounting to Rs 41,497,720 could not be satisfactorily verified at the audit owing to the absence of confirmation of balances.
Installation of one set of Public Address system and 5 air conditioners for the Head Office
Mr. Prasad Mahakumara
PL 1
536.1 mm
Sponsored
Wilpattu National Park
Reservations (Rs.)
Providing assistive devices to persons with disabilities
The Surveyor General hands over the first copy of the book “Abhiman Gamanaka Asiriya” prepared including the history of the Department to Hon. Deputy Minister
Manushya Single Episode Teledrama
Preparation of the draft of the Republican Constitution of 1972 by National State Assembly
2014 Maha Target Hectares
Remaining cases in the previous year
Out of the balance payable amounting to Rs. 43,843,359 as at 31 December of the year 2017, a sum of Rs. 7,771,534 remained unsettled for more than a period of one year.
“To provide, implement and evaluate policy strategies necessary for the maintenance of public security, law and order”
Changes in new standards, amendments and interpretation issued but not effective for the financial year beginning 1 January 2012 and not early adopted.
Matters relating to intra-SAARC Trade Flows under South Asian Free Trade Agreement and those outside South Asian Free Trade Agreement
Loss for the year
During the 1870s, a Chief Government Agent's Office was established in Batticaloa, which was formerly a sub-office in Trincomalee.
Note
03. Social Security Payment
An amount of Rs. 37,028.28 was spent annually.
SLFRS 05 - Non-Movable Assets for Sale and Suspended Operations
Regional Training Course on 'Nuclear Oncology for Nuclear Medicine Specialists'
Branch.
During 2011 under the skills development loan scheme loans were given to 13 beneficiaries selected from among close relatives (daughter, son, wife) of war heroes who had sacrificed their lives for the country and those presently in the service serving the country and for parents and siblings of the unmarried, for taking part in international competitions in accordance with their talents to bring glory to  the country.
MT 8 - 2016
In bulk (increase) / decrease
HEAD 295
RS 5 - 2016
Financial Progress as at 31st December 2014
Badulla - Chenkaladi Road Rehabilitation Project
Hambantota Municipal Council
Implementation of the Internal Audit Program
August 27, 2017 - September 02 2017
Accordingly, provision of equipments for the relief counters have been granted to District Secretariats and Divisional Secretariats of Vavuniya, Monaragala, Kalutara, Mannar, Nuwara-eliya, Kandy, Kadawathsathara, Rathnapura, Lahugala, Matara, Mulethivu, Kegalle, and Kurunegala.
Visitors Waiting Hall
The Language Commission conducted a survey in 2007/2008 to assess the language resource requirements of government agencies.
Component
Profit before tax / (loss)
Sri Lanka Throw ball Federation
The National Identity Card Number of the candidate along with the term “Exam” in addition to name and address of the candidate should be written in the space provided to write the candidate’s name and address.
14. Construction of Production Rooms and Record Rooms in Kesbawa, Galgamuwa, Thissamaharamaya, Hettipola, Nickaweratiya, and Anamaduwa Courts
Volume 12 of the Hindu Encyclopedia has published research papers on special dates of Hindus, Hindu history, philosophy, culture and valuable knowledge of Hindu religious leaders.
Assistant Charge Collector
4x100 Metre
Guru Poojas for 90 Hindu Saints have been conducted in 16 Districts namely Jaffna, Galle, Ratnapura, Colombo, Badulla, Nuwara Eliya, Mullaitivu, Kandy, Trincomalee, Mannar, Amparai, Batticaloa, Matale, Gampaha, Puttalam and Polonnaruwa.
Even though 02 principals, 151 teachers and 17 office employees had been engaged in service at 06 schools which located in Puththalam District by the Northern Province’s Zonal Education Office in Mannar.
Population and Basic Statistical Information of the District
Facilitating Initiatives for Social Cohesion and Transformation is a programme implemented in collaboration with the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration in Sri Lanka by GIZ Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH on behalf of the German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development.
Report Issued Date
Action should be taken in compliance with the letter of the Department of Management Services.
2. Machinery Equipment 10%
Project Director
Number of Members to be elected by each Electorate
(c) Whether adequate accounting records were maintained on a continuing basis to show the expenditure of the Project from the funds of the Government of Sri Lanka and the Lending Agency, the progress of the Project in financial and physical terms, the assets and liabilities arising from the operations of the Project, the identification of the purchases made out of the Loan and etc.,
Offences committed under influence of liquor
Acceptance Tests
According to the above analysis, it was revealed that when the profit or loss is larger, the impact due to price variance is smaller and vise-versa.
Financial Progress as at 31.12.2014
Imprest Settlement
3. AMENDMENT TO THE PRESCRIPTION ORDINANCE (Section 15)
District Secretariat - Puttalam
Mr Chandana Gamage - Director
Further, several programmes have been carried out with the financial support of the Ministry of Child Development and Women Affairs,
Details of the total services provided by each section
1,557 Rural Elders Councils and Divisional Elders Boards have been funded with Rs. 8.04 million.
3. Figures for the Preparation of the Accounts
University of Vavuniya
Grama Niladharies
A sum of Rs.1,000,000.00 was allocated for this purpose and a total expenditure of Rs,1,022,525.00 was reported at the end of the year.
Date on which the election was held
Underutilized Assets
According to the information furnished, the particulars of income, expenditure, and the net operating results for the year ended 31 December 2012 and the 6 preceding years are given below.
Stamp Stock
7. Dodamgoda
Administration fees - various
64.8% of men and 31.2% of women eligible for employment are employed in various occupations.
Sri Jayawardhanapura Kotte Municipal Council
5.1.3. Revenue Collection Activities
No annual survey of all lands and building has been done.
Major floods in Sri Lanka are associated with the two monsoons.
Mailapitiya Park maintenance
Repairing the main building (office training division) - Thelambuyaya
Account No.
Adopt proper procurement procedures in the construction of buildings and use of buildings, vehicles, machinery and equipment in productive and optimal manner.
This net loss was also due to the decline of the demand for our products with the end of the war and the emergence of competing firms for cement-based products manufactured in Kankesanthurai and the fact that salaries and other expenses of 31 of its employees had to be borne.
(a) Revenue Control
Animal dens
From August 2012 to July 2014
My Number: EST-2/ POLCY/ 03/ 07100
Collecting and updating information on subjects relevant to the Ministry.
Mr. Manoj Laksiri
Amparai No. 02
Further, the annual rent of the Head Office had been increased from Rs.120,000 up to Rs.200,000 subject to providing an additional office space of 500 square feet.
These hybrids showed comparable yields of 6-7 t/ha with the commercial check hybrid variety.
The Ministry was renamed as the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration from 25th April 2010, and this Institution was functioning under that Ministry.
2.2.4 Leases
MR. J.A.A.R.C. Gunaratne
10.3  Deyata Kirula National Development Programme
N. D. Nimal Premawansha
Funds Utilization
3. Private Parties
Transport Facilitation Project
Matters relating to the administration of justice which has not been assigned to any other Institution in terms of the Constitution
Appropriation Account for each Ministry/ Department/ District Secretariat containing the following information should be presented as a bound volume prepared spending least cost.
(ii) Development of Grid Substations for Absorption of Renewable Energy Sources
Coast Conservation;
More than 5 years
Mr. Parakrama Premarathna – Chief Accountant
By mid-August 2014, the department sent the indicative estimates for 2015 for each ministry with a detailed letter indicating the assumptions used to derive those estimates.
Conducting practical examinations of the National Art Institute examination on 29.03.2015
Sunday, 27 August, 2017
There is a long partnership between Sri Lanka and the World Bank in the use of World Bank funds for socio-economic development.
This Project was a part of the "Uthuru Wasanthaya" program launched by the government to develop the Northern Province.
Twenty (20) onion lines were screened for pest damages along with the local recommended variety, Dambulla Selection.
14. CONTEMPT OF COURT BILL
Open Public Access Catalogue via Internet
Mrs. Ramya Pitipanaarachchi
Workshop on the manufacture of  leather products
Accordingly, preparation of lessons on level I, II, III and IV were completed up to 60%.
Form No: TOD / IMP / 06
Development Officer of the District Secretariat and all Divisional Secretariats
Allowances for the National Assembly
In the District
Rural Schools and Sanitation Program
However, Sri Lanka became a fully sovereign and independent state accountable for people with the Republican Constitution of 1972.
Grant Loans/ advances to all the applicants of the staff of National Budget Department complying with the limits of the Advance Accounts
Academic Performance
Application of Isotopes and Radiation in Food and Agriculture
Table 6
Athuldura Arachchige Nandana Pathmakumara
Assistant Director - Small Business
Accordingly, depreciation of this vehicle should be done for six years from 2007 to 2012.
(C) Yapahuwa
Mrs. K. Ediriweera
Other Department Credits
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, and for such internal control as the Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Lanka Logistics & Technologies Limited
Correction of minor offenders in the community itself instead of imprisoning
2. Psychosocial Support Project
Fund Flow Statement for the Year ended on 31st December 2012
Decisions were taken to approve procurement of 100,000 (Estimated Expenditure Rs. 375 Million) Leather Shoes for Police Constables and sergeants.
No.of works
2nd category USD
E.T.F
Mohamed Ismail Mohamed Thasleem
Number of Committees Held
Kelaniya Divisional Secretariat
Increase in Receivables
Iravur Town
Road Network Improvement Priority Road Project - Part 2 – 2015
The above notes were taken into consideration.
MAIN REQUIREMENT
Asanka Punyajith Bandara Dodamwala
Implementation of reforms to the legal system taking into consideration societal needs and global trends.
Seed production
This is the largest island in Maduganga.
The debt recovery period had increased from 91 days to 255 days.
Rupees One million is provided for each Grama Niladhari Division under the Village Uplift Program.
With a view to provide benefits of the activities carried out by government institutions to the general public, copies of plans surveyed by Survey Department have been scanned and released to the internet enabling easy access to the general public through the internet. Releasing of this information was initiated releasing of plans to the internet, prepared by Colombo District Office in 2013.
03. New salary circular, in which the minimum initial salary and monthly cost of living allowance of a public servant have been determined as Rs.15,000/- and Rs.10,000/- as proposed by budget 2015, has been issued to be effective from 01.01.2015.
November 13, 2013
Please take action also to grant the Festival Advance only to Muslim Officers, who serve either on casual or substitute basis, 14 days before the end of Ramadan (Ramazan).
Out of the provision made for this Project, only 26.63% had been spent.
Mr. K. Wasantha Kumara
Quiz
7. Ranaviru Remembrance programmes with outside institutions
Address:- Vidya Mawatha, Colombo 07.
Ambalanthota
Issuing of Passports and Amendments
According to the information received, the scope of the work under the  contract for surveying, designing,  providing technical support and training and  supplying of material  for  104 rural bridges  with the  length of 3,077.90 meters signed with a foreign company at a cost of Sterling Pounds 45 million (US$ 70.65 million) equivalent to Rs 9,775.13 million  had been  changed  in  04 instances up to 31 December  2015.
This division selects an International Flood and Drought Specialist Agency and assigns them with the knowledge, training and technical facilities required by the Irrigation Department and Mahaweli Authority to prepare investment plans for the 10 water basins with them.
Mr. H. S. Devpura
4.5 Observations on unresolved Audit Queries
(D) Manipay
Child Development and Women's Affairs
3.2. Transactions of Contentious Nature
Point
Details of Calculations
The net allocation for building maintenance of the Galle District Secretariat and 19 Divisional Secretariats under the Expenditure Summary 261-1-1-0-2001 was Rs. 5,250,000.00.
07. Auditor General
Trade to be charged
(a)  Classification
Number of Members of the Local Government Institutions: 244
ACA-2 (i) – Statement of Expenditure by Programme
Non-current assets (%) to shareholder capital
Staff Training - 2014
A training program for 100 prison officers to be trained as Trainers targeted on the above has already been carried out.
Manmune South Western
It is expected to promote access to education for disadvantaged children by providing facilities towards promoting education and ensuring that such children are made members of the society by enhancing their knowledge, skills and developing positive attitudes.
Your attention is drawn to Public Administration Circular 25/2014 dated 12.11.2014.
4.2.3.1 Development of Geospatial Agricultural Information System (GAIS)
Failure to account fixed assets
Bridges
Divisional Secretariat, Dehiwala
Your attention is drawn to the items (iv) and (v) of para 03.1 of the circular No 03/2016 dated 30.12.2016 issued by the Department of National Budget on the above matter.
Social Welfare;
In line with the Development Policy Framework of  Sri Lanka; economic, social infrastructure, education, technical, vocational education, training and secondary education and good governance are identified as priority sectors for the period of 2012-2016.
The contracts had been awarded to 09 community based organizations without being satisfied relating to the capacity of the Society for execution of the work.
T. P. - 011-2886796
The management of the Institute ably assisted by the present Chairperson of the UGC, Prof. Kshanika Hirimburegama and the Vice Chancellor, University of Colombo, Dr. Hirimburegama has now embarked on further strengthening the Institute by introducing three degree programmes encompassing the study areas of Environment Sciences, Agricultural Technology and Regional Sciences.
Therefore, the provisions were released.
3.4 km: 12.7 km
ii. Rate of the grave crimes taking place in the country is on a noticeable downturn
Further, during in the year 2013, breakdowns of the following transmission lines were attended to within a very short of time;
03. Action Plan
1.3.2 Unreconciled Accounts
Procurement of Reservation Boundary post
Land Value
Agricultural Officer
Steps were also taken to introduce a new uniform for the officers of the Presidential Security Division (PSD) for their easy identification.
An Annual Action Plan had not been prepared covering the By-laws enacted and the 12 functions to be carried out by the Sabha.
Rehabilitation Assistance
(8) Total of Reimbursements received during the year 2015, in respect of years 2014 or prior years
Mr. Athula Ransirilal
02. Department of Inland Revenue
Public Investment Management Assessment (PIMA) undertaken jointly by IMF and World Bank at the request of the government highlighted that 1/3 of potential impact of public investment has been lost during the public investment management process whereas only 2/3 of the expected outcome is delivered.
Official Transport Facilities for Public Officers/ Provincial Public Officers/ Judicial Officers
Nawagampura Ranaviru Village
Senior Deputy Director, International Cooperation Division, Atomic Energy Authority
Annual Reports
Muthu Ahura-3
Conducted 3 Months, 3½ Months, 4 Months age group National Coordinated Rice Varietal Trial at Paranthan and Murunkan under both rain-fed and irrigated conditions.
Netball Matches - 01
21 Video Cameras 01 01
Due to the reasons such as unstable income level, increase in the cost of living, necessary resources to achieve the sustainable development goals could not be obtained uninterruptedly.
Procurement
Ministry of Foreign Employment Promotion and Welfare 06
August 27
Exhibition to mark the 23rd Anniversary of the National Library and Documentation Center from 23rd to 27th April 2013
47. Pannala
The preparation of Resettlement Action plan has already been completed for the Phase-I.
I am pleased to present you the Audited Financial Statements and the Annual Report of Lanka Logistics & Technologies Ltd. for the year ended on March 31, 2012.
New applications
Conducting 03 language courses for the development of language knowledge in Kadawathsatara and Bentota Divisional Secretariats.
As the errors made in issuing cheques by the Council (Sabha) had not been corrected within each month, a value of Rupees 136,826 had been brought forwarded continuously in the bank reconciliation statements.
Details on the payment of allowances are in the possession of the Finance Division.
Thanking you,
ITMD will continue with further implementation, maintenance and report generation as and when required.
Mrs. Yasanthi Samarasinghe
Note 10
Accumulated profit / (loss)
as at 31st December 2012
Annual product surveys should be conducted to verify the assets of the Company.
The Company had been incorporated in the year 1993 for the purpose of carrying out the business of construction of a shopping and office complex including apartments, shops, offices and combination arcades.
(A) Minneriya
Conducting seminars, discussions, workshops, and training sessions on Human Resource Development.
“Let's Strengthen the Wings of the Butterflies”
Agreed
Administration and supervision of the activities of divisional secretaries
Buddhist, Hindu and Muslim religious revival programs were organized.
As a result, the values of the stocks, maintenance works, work-in-progress and completed capital jobs shown in the financial statements as at 31 December 2013 had not been fairly reflected.
Kumana
Ms. Nipuni Dhananjali
Charges for telephone, electricity, water bills and rentals are recovered by the officers and employees who are entitled for such facilities and the relevant expenses have been depicted in the columns.
Road Facilitation Project
About 100 officers took part in this event.
The competition for the year of the State Children's Art Festival 2014 organized by the Ministry of Culture and Aesthetic Affairs and the Department of Culture in collaboration with Government Art and Art Groups was held on 22.09.2014 at Sitti Vinayagar Hindu National School, Mannar.
Actual Expenditure 2014 (Rs.)
Perukkuwattana Primary School
The areas of Modern Technologies include Communication and related Sciences, Information Technology, Electronics, Micro-electronics, Space Technologies, Robotics, Photonics and new materials.
The Project is required to maintain proper books and records of all its income, expenditure, assets and liabilities, to enable annual and periodic financial statements to be prepared by the Project.
5. Special Projects and program performance
The expenses for these programmes were borne by the relevant institutions
Reservations during the year
Deposits
Mrs. D.G.N.Kumari
Mobile Courses
Other Commitments
Further, measures have been taken to purchase 750 Trilingual Dictionaries.
Renovated the 2D & 3D Animation Studio
Mexico
Therefore, these Authorities and Boards too must carry on their duties in compliance to the Official Languages Policy in order to enable public to obtain services in their mother language by way of defending their language rights.
Director General
Lunuwila Primary Substation won second place in GS/ PS category in the 5S competition conducted by Ceylon Electricity Board.
Daduru Oya
District / Divisional Secretaries
Necessary steps have been taken to establish a company to maintain this Centre.
(d) Even though five balances receivable several years old amounting to Rs. 309,441 had been written off to the Income and Expenditure Account, any approval had not been obtained in that regard.
In addition, the shop rent arrears for more than 10 years was Rs.13,200
System
14. Department of Small Industries
The operational objectives of the Division are to:
Giving the leadership in implementing a national policy, revisiting and evaluating the national policy as and when required, and building up a database with the necessary information in order to get it going effectively
2. TKS Finance Ltd
Rs. 15,463
Applications for this were called by a newspaper advertisement.
Although a sum of Rs. 379,355 had been paid per 16.99 cubic meters to concrete the: 1 ½: 3 (20 m) construction of Water Tank Construction Industry No. 4 to 15 of the Uthuruwella Water Project, there were 08 places that look like 3x1 foot beehives where concrete towers and scales connected and there were 5 places that looked like 2 x 1 foot beehive on the concrete floor on which the water tank was built.
Annex 2:  Allocation and Release of Criteria Based Grant2010 – 2014
The introduction of perfect binding machinery and 2 feeder units for saddle stitching machines has enhanced productivity and ensured timely delivery.
Sports Coaches
SRL/2/008 - Supporting Energy Planning and Pre-Feasibility Study for Nuclear Power and Human Resources Development in Nuclear Power Engineering
Northern 4,500 10.0 1100 10.0
Publications and Propagation
Financing (code number)
Number of Women and Children's Bureau units in police stations that have been upgraded to handle women and children's issues in a sensitive and effective manner
Sanitary Labourer
Total capital & reserves
Two members appointed by the Commission to represent the Agro-Technology and Agri-business industries;
Electorate: Avissawella
13. Last date of reporting for duty
New methods have been introduced to minimize them.
Minimum Limit of Receipts of activities of the government (Rs.)
Canada
I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Document Management and Professional Standards Division
Action should be taken to set up Transfer Committees in the following manner.
Letter of credit etc.
Prevention of Sports Accidents
Therefore there is an urgent need to improve the capacity and efficiency of the road network to meet the growing transport requirements of the country and avoid the road network becoming an impediment to development.
Secretary - Ministry of Social Empowerment, Welfare and Kandyan Heritage
7.2 Time table for the Transfer Committees of the Combined Services Division under paragraph 3.2 above:
Colombo, Avissawella
The lease rent revenue in the year under review had been overstated by Rs. 920,594 in the accounts.
8. The total amount of compensation received in 2019 for the years 2018 and earlier
Actual Expenditure(Rs.)
Circular Fund
Nearly 50 - 60 documents are submitted daily for confirmation of Affidavits and Confirmations of Translators brought by the public to be submitted to the Ministry of External Affairs, Embassies and other purposes and the verification of relevant documents is done daily by the Establishment Division.
Supplies and requirements
9.4.3. Mr. R.R.A.S.K. Ratnayake of Class III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service, who was serving in the Badulla District Elections Office, was appointed as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Anuradhapura District Elections Office with effect from 16.04.2015.
Under the Constitution and the election law, the Department of Elections is expected to fulfill two objectives; holding elections for electing the representatives to the Parliament, Provincial Councils, and to the Local Authorities and preparation of electoral registers annually after an enumeration of electors.
Commissions & Discounts
During the meeting Sri Lankan side suggested to strengthen customs cooperation by signing an MOU between the two Customs, signing an MOU between the two export promotion agencies, strengthening cooperation among trade chambers of the two countries, especially, between young entrepreneurs’ Associations, Mutual participation at trade fairs held in two countries, Exchange of national import and export trade statistics and non-tariff measures, identification of focal points to seek information or clarification on trade and industry related matters and cooperation in construction sector.
19 Mrs. K. G. O. Madushika, Development Officer III
Accounting Deficiencies
Kahawatta No. 02
(d) Sri Lanka Cement Corporation holds 62.45% of the shares of Lanka Cement Limited and no consolidated accounts had been prepared even during the year under review in that connection.
Value Added Tax - TG
SN: 13.
Manampitiya - Aralaganwila - Maduru oya Road (0.0 -3.0km)
Assisting in closing the backlog of child abuse cases
The National Enterprise Development Authority is conducting entrepreneurship development training programs for women, with the intention of motivating women for entrepreneurship and to increase their contribution to the Small and Medium Enterprise sector.
09 Duplicator Machines 14 14
Creditor - General Treasury
Assistant Director (Hambanthota)
Greater Kudu
No.: 5
Nikaweratiya Mahasen Vidyalaya
Survey Field Assistants  390
Action has been taken during the year 2015 for conducting examinations for 11 external institutions.
The Audit Committee should assist the Board to introduce and implement adequate Internal Control System.
These breeds are Sahiwal and Murrah.
Matters relating to the administration of the Courts of Justice which have not been assigned to any other institution by the Constitution.
These scholarships are awarded to ensure a saving of Rs.12000/= being available  for each  child concerned for their -GCE O/L and higher  education.
Athige Sirikamal Felician de Silva
Assisting to prepare capital expenditure estimates of the Department affiliated to the Ministry and supervision and monitoring of projects implemented by these Institutions
Out of this amount, Rs. 373,308.00 has been spent to print and distribute booklets containing information on training programs/courses conducted by the Institute and distributed at a concert under the patronage of the Hon Minister at the Wayamba University on 24th February 2014.
Financial Assistance for Temples
2. Special Programmes for Persons with Disabilities
All Ministries, Departments, Pradeshiya Sabhas, Local Government Authorities and all Statutory Boards, Corporations and Government Owned Companies (GOCs) which depend on self-financing or not, should obtain the prior approval of the National Budget from the Department of National Budget for the purchase of vehicles, in terms of the Cabinet Decision dated 31.01.1990.
The areas referred by you are being scrutinized at present.
3.5. Population Information of the District
National Design Centre is also actively involved with the Divinaguma National Program launched by Ministry of Economic Development covering the entire island which provides financial support to enhance the livelihood of the people.
Data collection was carried out in two steps.
Departmental fines
In addition to the above, this unit also produced special programs on national importance, such as the National Independence Day, Victory day, collecting the New Harvest Festival (‘Aluth Sahal Mangalya’) in a timely manner.
02.	Central
Distance
The Planning and Operations Division of the Ministry performs the following special functions.
As it is an appointment of the Public Service Commission, it has been informed to work with the said Commission.
Customer Service Officer
Five (05) F2 populations were established in the fields for generation advancement.
Financial Administration of the Department of National Budget
XVIII. Filling of vacancies in Municipal Councils – 2015
(b) Stamps stock Register
1. Regional Conference of Nanattan Rural Women and Rural Development Societies
Loan Interest
US $ 4.5 million has been granted by the Korean International Cooperation Agency for this project.
Accommodation & premises
Rs. 1.319 million has been spent on developing the elders home and the holiday bungalow at Kataragama managed by the Administrative Council functioning under the National Secretariat for Elders.
Issuing copies of title plans
Place of Published
4.3 Only the contributor shall be entitled for claiming benefits in respect of the events and situations which occur after the date of recovery of contribution.
Telephone bills in respect of the Hon. Minister and 12 staff members of the Ministry,  two public telephones and about 30 telephone bills of the Minister's staff were paid promptly.
The Institute is headed by the Director who is the Principal Executive Officer and the principal academic officer and accounting officer of the Institute.
Publication/Distribution of Books and Record Books for the Students of Aranery Schools.
Provision of said imported heifers to the medium scale entrepreneurs of Kandy, Nuwara Eliya, Matale and Badulla districts was done under the auspices of Hon. Minister P. Harrison and Hon. Deputy Minister Ameer Ali at the Harbour of Trincomalee.
Rs.20,000 - Rs.15,000
Overseas Studies Program (Divisional Secretariat - Ambalangoda, Bope Poddala)
The procedure is to file a civil case for compensation for the victim without delay in the District Court of the relevant area.
Sena Dissanayaka
The objective of this programme was to widen the understanding of general public including school children on Official Languages Policy.
The Leader of the Opposition and the Hon. Ministers in charge of the following subjects are members of the Council:
Hence, all Secretaries and Heads of Departments will have to update their commitments and liabilities to the General Treasury on a regular basis through the Computerized Integrated Government's Accounting Systems (CIGAS Program).
Project 01 - Administrative and Institutional Services
The provisions of Rs. 450,000 had been made from the Sabha funds in the year under review to achieve these objectives and goals and a sum of Rs. 250,670 out of that had been incurred.
Actual Cost
Vision of the Ministry
The Embilipitiya language society seminar was held on 14.10.2014.
I hereby recommend the request made by the afore mentioned officer for transfer with / without a replacement on the basis of providing a suitable replacement at a later occasion.
Basis of reporting
3. Construction of Veterinary Offices at Manthai (West), Mannar
Electrical Engineer, Ceylon Electricity Board, 5th Floor, P.O. Box 540, Sir Chittampalam A. Gardiner Mw., Colombo 02
Voyage Income
Number of gender discriminatory laws, policies, and procedures that are amended, enacted, and/ or implemented
13. Mr. M. K. W. Wickramarathna
Installation of water supply systems in undeveloped areas of the garden
It was observed the savings ranging from 38 percent to 100 percent from the net provisions in respect of 14 objects.
11. Ground water development, monitoring and management
Prize cash
Location of specialized economic centers
Lot B
Stage II
All Secretaries of Ministries/ Chief Secretaries of Provincial Councils/ Chairmen of Commissions/Heads of Departments/ District Secretaries / Chairmen of Public Corporations and Statutory Boards/ Vice Chancellors of Universities/ Heads of Higher Educational Institutes
Machine & Machinery Equipment
However, this surplus money was not considered to be invested in a productive endeavor.
(D) Accounting systems did not guarantee the issuance of serial numbers for result notes and payment vouchers respectively.
Under the “Special Loan Scheme for Disaster Relief”, US $ 102 million will be provided to meet the immediate financial needs of the property and people affected by climate change.
All ITI staff has been made fully aware of the Quality systems operated within the Institute and are therefore committed to provide services in keeping with the International Standards.
Rabukkan Oya Reservoir Project
01. Close relatives of war heroes who had died in action
Manage public expenditure efficiently
The financial statements for the year 2018 had been presented to the Audit on 03 April 2019 and the summary report of the Auditor General relating to those financial statements had been submitted to the Chairman on 07 June 2019 and the detailed management audit report had been submitted on 25 July 2019.
To represent the Government and Governmental Institutions in the cases instituted in the Supreme Court and Other Courts & Labour Tribunals.
Amitha Lal Gunaratne
Study of the weed flora in the northern region
Integrated Road Investment Programme - Phase 2
The prices of agricultural and livestock products produced in all Divisional Secretariats were collected every month for the year 2014.
3.8 Cash and Cash Equivalents
Add / Less Net Surplus / Deficit
Surplus Funds
Net trade to be charged
Build an internationally valued, competitive national industrial sector within a strong commercial environment in Sri Lanka.
Following table shows the number of reported crimes and the changes taken place in regard to solving crimes during the period from 2012 to 2014 as result of the programmes and projects implemented by the Department of Police under the policy and strategic guidance of the Ministry.
Mr. D. A. J. Gallage
Utilization of Development Stakeholders for the Development Projects in 2014
Security and law enforcement
Further, the bid documents under the contracts for Medium Voltage Distribution to construct 60 kilometres of electricity lines in Mahaillappalama, Ethagala, China Bay, Sooriyawewa and Bentota areas and 04 gantries at Mahallppalama, Ethagala, China Bay and Wenivelara areas under the component 02 of the Program had been approved only on 15 December 2017 by the Lending Agency.
Payment should be made to the actual physical bill of quantity.
Pushpa Kumara Ranasinghe
Construction of the side wall of the hostel – Ketawala
Withholdings on payments
Service level should be indicated as per the Salary Circulars relevant to the institution and amendments to the said circulars (Ex : PA Circular No. 03/2016, MSD Circular No. 02/2016, .........)
vi. Ability to use the internet and the Electronic Mail
TEC: Rs. 34,000 Million.
Anpu Children Home, Muththaiyankaddu
Total Revenue (Note)
2.2 Cultural Boards
Payment of Interim Allowance to Public Sector Officers and Pensioners in Terms of the Budget Proposals 2015
Housing loan prepayments
(b) Charges of Rupees 185,750 had to be recovered as at the end of the year under review.
The hospital authorities have agreed to settle this amount as soon as possible.
Some of the cases filed against Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation were settled in 2012.
Disconnect all electrical appliances
Various programmes were implemented in the year 2015 with the view to provide required opportunities for awaking with dignity, while securing the human rights of the persons with disabilities.
Currently, this method is being used by regulatory authorities in Sri Lanka to correctly identify plant species.
Unit
(ii) Total loss of hearing in one ear
Mrs. L. N. de Silva Chandrasena - Director/ Company Secretary
Number of the Polling District where house to house voter enumeration did not take place
Exposure of hinterland for future developments and improved access to the hinterlands
Revenue Collected in the Year 2015 (Rupees: Cent)
Note - 08
(a) Action had not been taken to settle salary advances amounting to Rs. 749,389 and food allowances amounting to Rs. 1,245,414 shown in the financial statements for  a number of years.
M.S.M.Sakawulla
Workshop on Government Accounting Standards
The following performance indicators show that this growth has mainly affected the growth of the general population in the country.
Balance brought forward at the beginning of the year
The main reasons for that increase were repayment of amounts due to CPC and Independent Power Producers (IPP).
Established a post of Marketing Manger which was (vacancy) a requirement for applied technical knowledge and transferring it to industry.
Reimbursement of import duties and taxes amounting to Rs. 94,294,181 relating to some imported equipment of the power plant brought back by the Aggriko Power Company (Pvt) Ltd. from the country due to expiration of the Private Power Purchase (PPP) agreement had been accounted as power purchase cost of the year under review instead of being accounted as other expenditure.
Other projects/ services
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principals and for such internal control as the Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements whether due to fraud or error.
Statement of Deposit Accounts as at 31st December
Department of Treasury Operations
Major Functions Performed by the Department
The estimated cost of the project is Rs. 500 Mn. & cumulative expenditure at the end of December 2015 was Rs. 32.10 million.
01 Budget Formulation and Policy
Librarians’ Service
Progress of computer centers was reviewed this year as well and the progress and deficiencies were brought to the notice of the chairperson, the project manager and provincial officers in writing.
(2) Transactions
1. Construction of 33 kV double circuit tower line from Ambalangoda grid substation to Elpitiya at a total cost of Rs. 110 Million
26 - Wushu
Ranaviru Rimem.& Benivo. Project Operating Expenses
Full provisions have been made for gratuities to be paid under the Gratuity Payments Act No. 12.
Divisional Secretariat - Welivitiya Divithura
Emphasising the importance of promoting religious faithfulness, co-existence, harmony and unity among the people, “Asirimath Budu Themagula” under the Sadaham Udanya Programme was organized by the Eheliyagoda Divisional Secretariat.
3.2.1.Guideline on Performance Audit
Organizational Chart of the Department of National Zoological Gardens
Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation
Accordingly, working in two Government Institutions on full time basis and obtaining benefit by the Institute through the allowances paid to him were problematic in the audit.
Referral for treatment
August 09
Mr. Damitha Kumarasinghe-Director General of the Public Utilities Commission
In addition, Laboratory Quality Management Systems, Industrial Metrology, Food Safety Services (HACCP), ISO 17025, ISO 15819 (Medical Testing) were also provided to research institutes and various industries.
Identified programs are being implemented in Walapane and Medirigiriya Divisional Secretariats.
The institute developed the volume of sound insulation that should be built to reduce the amount of IMMI and this was the first time that sound insulation was built in Sri Lanka.
Digging holes in the ground to establish the electric fence
52 applications have been received in respect of child abduction under the Act No.10 of 2001.
Field Staff Circulars
Expected number
Plans and Preparation
8.2 Establishment of an Inter Ministerial Coordinating Committee
Opening of newly constructed District Survey Office, Mullaittivu by the Surveyor General
In the case of Jaffna Electoral District which has both Jaffna and Kilinochchi Administrative Districts, the Government Agent of Jaffna functions as the Returning Officer, while in the case of Vanni which has Mannar, Vavuniya, and Mullaitivu Administrative Districts, the Government Agent of Vavuniya functions as the Returning Officer.
Establishment of Management Corporations
Property, Plant and Equipment Reserve
In order to enhance harmony among the nations through the cultural exchanges and make awareness on Tamil culture in Eastern Province, “Api Wawamu Jateen athara sahodaratwaya godanagamu- Sri Lankeya Jathiya” Programme organized by the National Organization for protecting Farmers Rights and “Trilingual Development and Cultural Exchange Programme” organized by A/ Nikawewa Anura Maha Vidyalaya.
Chemical, Microbiological, Material & Electro Technology testing laboratories are also accredited by the Sri Lanka Accreditation Board (SLAB) since 2006.
Gem and Jewellery Research and Training Institute - 2012
3.4 No depreciation provision has been made for freehold lands.
A rain-covered net hut
The proposed rehabilitation will provide irrigation facilities to 27 hectares of the lower section of the tank.
Under the proposed Monaragala-Buttala Water Supply Scheme, a water treatment plant of 6,000 cubic meters per day will be constructed and a 110 km water supply network covering 43 Grama Niladhari Divisions will be constructed.
A range of new products penetrated into the Pakistan market after the implementation of the Pakistan Sri Lanka Free Trade Agreement (PSFree Trade Agreement).
-Organizing trade, investment and tourism delegations to visit Sri Lanka and vise versa to explore business opportunities.
Disciplinary Management 2 days
This is a one year programme empowering 30 women as women leaders for promoting social integration.
(Embul, Kolikuttu and Ash plantain)
This a one-day workshop held throughout the day for assistant directors of teledramas on poya days in every month.
(a) Financial Regulations of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka
The reconstruction of the railway line from Omanthai to Palai, Medawachchiya to Madupara, Madupara to Talaimannar, Palai to Kankasanthurai, upgrading of the signaling and telecommunication facilities in the Northern Railway Line, and the Dambulla suburban water supply project and the Ministry of Defense etc are reported mainly from US $ 106.14 million, which is out of the above-mentioned loan assistance.
Awareness for the Judges & Lawyers
Imports percentage
5.1.1 Grama Niladhari Activities
Rs. 3.16 Billion
Microsoft Office
Commence Test Production:
Provisions transferred to other	Heads under Project
Project Name: Dambadeniya - Pothupitiya [Kuliyapitiya]
Head of Division - Services
Jaffna
02. Corporate Information 06
The following instances of non-compliance were observed in audit.
Inauguration Ceremony of the Diploma Course in Child Protection - (Moneragala)
Teaching Hospital - Karapitiya
Special Laboratory Laborer
District Secretariats
Dr. I. R. M. Kottegoda
Painting of District office Puttalam
3.13 Income taxes
Therefore, the spending agencies are directed to mainstream the SDG goals within the current and future development activities to ensure that sufficient allocations have been made to achieve the set targets.
Two programmes in each district totalling 46 programmes have been carried out in 2014
Commanders of Three Forces
Asiri Rodrigo Bastian
Commitments are contracts or written agreements which have been entered into with the external parties in order to obtain goods and services during the respective accounting year, although the relevant assets or services have not been received.
As at 31/12/2012 Rs
3. Letters regarding information, Circular copies, personal files and other information - 266
7.7 Approval of Credit Agencies under the Mortgage Act. No. 6 of 1949
Table 5.4 - Public Officers' Advance Account for 2014
2.1 Reconciliation Statement explaining differences between Departmental books and treasury printouts in terms of Financial Regulations 427 (4) (Annexure 2.1)
The main purpose of this is to introduce relief to help the public to get over their indebtedness caused by loans obtained on the security of deeds on the conditional transfer of immovable property such as land, paddy fields, estates, houses, unsecured loans obtained on documents such as promissory notes, Cheques, along with such secured loans.
The cement company's cement factory in Jaffna has been closed due to the prevailed crisis in the North.
Maintenance of Agricultural Roads
Several recommendations in this regard have already been formulated.
Overtime and holiday payments
3.4. Inter-Ministerial Contribution to the Rehabilitation of Prisoners
Customs Trade Data View Project
English
Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation
No.: 09.
The income earned from the trading of the products concerned is credited to the state revenue thereby making a contribution to the development of the country.
Number of Zonal Education Office Staff: 175
Project Duration (Implementation and Completion Date)
Deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notices of the Chairman of the Corporation from time to time.
The purpose of this National Task Force is to strengthen the coordination among key stakeholders of the Government to expedite the prosecution and strengthen the protection of victims.
1.6 Accounts Receivable and Payable
Coordination of work in the regional officers of Buddhist Affairs in Ratnapura and Kandy
Studies for conformation are progressing with molecular techniques.
Farming, Animal Husbandry
Mr. T. M. Herath served as Vice Chairman of Ceylon Electricity Board from 01.03.2013 to 31.12.2013.
7.1 Staff of the Ministry as at 31.12.2014
Process
This bill is also under consideration.
As Appropriation Act was not approved at the beginning of 2019, Parliamentary approval was obtained for Vote on Account - 2019 in order to incur the expenditure up to 30.04.2019 until an Appropriation Act is approved.
(c) Two officers recruited on contract basis had been sent to participate in the conference on Creative Lottery Planning held in France in the year 2012 and the service of one officer had been terminated with effect from 01 January 2013.
Other, 14.2%
Views of the Buildings constructed
Books have been donated to the schools in the Kegalle District in line with the Deyata Kirula Exhibition 2014.
Mr. Gamini Warnasuriya
Circuit Bungalows / Holiday Resorts
SLAS (SP)
It was observed that Project had incurred an administration cost of Rs.2.13 million thereon as at 31 December 2017.
Mr. Jayantha Kulathunga
Training and research functions
SLR - RM864 - 867 - Retention
(iii) The recurrent expenditure for the waste management in the year under review had been Rs. 21,825,917
Hindu Cultural Fund – Progress 2014
Ministry of Buddha Sasana and Religious Affairs
The institution is governed by a board of Directors comprised of members represented by the Ministry of Finance and other government departments.
Extension of the tenure of the Director-General of the Institute of Sports Medicine.
People's Bank,
Establishment of a comprehensive Local Area Network (LAN) for Ministry of Finance and Planning (MoFP) and supply of end-user IT infrastructure are also key components of ITMIS.
3.3. Natural Resources of the District
Research Assistant (Special class)
Nevertheless, the permanent appointments had been awarded by the Sabha to two works overseers who covering the duties in the Sabha.
Under these columns, only the changes made to the designation during this quarter should be indicated.
All liabilities in the final account (as current assets and liabilities) have been given together.
Office Assistant (Contract Basis)
Officers in Executive Grade as at 31.12.2013
Other Income
A variety of programmes such as lectures, competitions, and fun events were held in the first four days for the visitors.
To register Coaches in sports
Grants to Provincial Councils
Public Administration Circular: 08/2013
In the meantime, discussions are also held simultaneously with the insurance company concerned under the auspices of the Insurance Ombudsman.
Plant Sale Collection Account
Courses / Projects
Budgetary Management of Non Commercial Public enterprises
At present the Ministry has distributed the Language Guide Manuals at awareness programs conducted in government institutions.
Candidates shall be subjected to punishments imposed by the disciplinary authority for violation of any of these rules and regulations.
Being a Party to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and the Kyoto Protocol (KP), Sri Lanka is obliged to submit timely reports and information when required.
School Based Education Programs and Environmental Activities
Pre-defined indicators and periodical monitoring and evaluation on the achievements should be undertaken using such indicators.
Construction, rehabilitation and development of new roads in protected areas
Community members
Mr. C. K. Wickramatunga
Laundry Division
Departments coming under the Ministry of Justice
Navidanveli Pradeshiya Sabha
To creditors
8. Development of the Institutional Structure
(A) Outright Purchase Method
Ganahena,
Religious Programs
No.of distributed flags
Project
Sri Lanka – United States of America
North Western Province won the bronze medal in the National Quality Awards (Under Large Scale category) awarded by the Sri Lanka Standards Institution.
Chief Sergeant Driver
Mrs.S.Vilvaretnam
5.3. Activities of Development
University of Peradeniya
District Task Force Meetings
Savings / Excess as a % of Revised Estimate
Even though the goods and property of the agent had been seized in accordance with the judgment, action had not been taken for the recovery of the money due to the Corporation over a period of 10 years at least by auctioning those properties.
Programme/Project/Sub project/Object code
Interest expenses and the other credit expenses have been adjusted in the calculation of financial expenses.
Off seasonal flower induction
Weligama - Matara
2.2.5 Other Income
Nature of the SLFRS Adjustments/Effects
A plant house was set up this year for the growth of shade-loving plants and rare plants.
Body Building
04 Income Statement
The magazine programmes which were off air for quite some time, re-commenced under the theme of “Aruma Puduma Roda Hathara”.
E. Kopai
Information and Communication Technology Unit managing Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation LAN with active & passive components including 290 computers with 90 printers with 15 servers including web server, Mail Server (with 1000 email accounts), Application Servers, Time & Attendance Server etc.
State Gem Corporation
Particulars regarding various formats from which such sheets could be obtained are given in annexure 09.
Broom Production
Property, Plant & Equipment
This project has set informal mechanisms for a more coordinated approach between Justice sector institutions.
Rehabilitation, vocational training, and socialization of youth with disabilities
Walala A Ratnayake Maha Vidyalaya - Kandy
Ministry of Rehabilitation, Resettlement and Hindu Religious Affairs
Evidence ascertaining the account balances in the financial statements should be furnished.
Member of Parliament -
Mr. Waruna Lasantha Liyanage
Dharmachariyar Residential Seminar, Colombo
4.1.4. Progress of the Investigation and Operational Division-2015
A General Knowledge Competitive Examination was conducted on 28th June 2014 in 160 exam centers Island wide for the students of Aranery School and around 69,783 students sat for this examination.
Charging for the year 2012
Accordingly, this Secretariat aims to protect the rights of the increasing number of elders in the future and to further ensure welfare facilities.
Therefore, the Government has given priority for the following key matters in order to change this situation and thereby enabling the country to graduate towards higher income stage.
Date of registration
A  series of musical shows conducted without using money from the Welfare fund in order to strengthen the Welfare fund and each show generated Rs. 150,000/-
These Courses were carried out islandwide as spoken language classes of 150 hours.
However, the approval from the External Resource Department had not been obtained thereon.
Expenditure at the end of December - Rs. 17.65 million
607 D. Pottuvilluwa
For religious retreat programs of religion teachers held in the Anuradhapura Diocese at District level (residential)
August 2012
This construction work had not been completed up to date.
Total cash disbursed for financing activities
Mr. W. T. U. de Mel
Board of Directors’ Responsibility for the Financial Statements
T.P. - 0113092909
The balance of the general stores account had been overstated by Rs.115,320 as at the end of the year under review.
The number of applications received for cultivation of rubber under replanting and new planting subsidy schemes, the number of permits issued, and the actual extent of lands cultivated are given in Table xii and xiii.
2014 Actual Expenditure
Total reported revenue
(ii) Requirement and the existing vehicle fleet of the agency
Revenue Collected by District Secretary
Residential rehabilitation for drug-addicted persons
Analysis of Income and Expenditure Appropriation Accounts
1. Identification of present day requirements in the field of sports and design, and planning and implementation of courses to fulfill Sports Education qualifications.
Management Assistant MN 2
The details of rural electrification schemes and other construction work carried out and completed during the year 2013 are given below.
Though 24 officials had been recruited during the year under review, the non-filling of vacancies in the upper management cadre had directly impacted on the performance of the Institution.
Interest payment on domestic loans
Research Room
Public Administration Circular: 07/2013
01st January, 2011
It also supports nationally coordinated research and development activities by engaging in research and development programs.
1. From the annual treasury allocation for administration and other day today activities.
In relation to the previous year
Supplies & Consumables Used
03. This circular is issued with the concurrence of the General Treasury.
Moreover, even though a request for the bus had been made by the Tangalla College for the use of the Engine Training Course, that had not been fulfilled.
The net allocation and expenditure incurred by the Galle District Secretariat for the year 2015 is as follows.
In Rathupaswala, a controversy has been erupted between the villagers and a latex glove manufacturing factory about the effluent water disposal of the factory.
Progress on projects which exceed the value of Rs. 50 Mn. was submitted to the Ministry of Finance.
5.5 DEVELOPMENT DIVISION
Annual Transfer Procedure of Officers in the Accountancy Service of Sri Lanka - 2020
(b) Preparation of detailed plans for new projects required for irrigation, hydropower, and flood control
Renovation of the stores of the Department of Food
The Signing had not been made and having pointed out it in the audit, it was signed by him.
Other Recurrent Expenditure
The Galle Fort has been listed as a World Heritage by UNESCO.
Business Committee Meeting - Minipe Scheme
Payment for the year 2012
Though wooden packaging pallets used for exporting tires have been manufactured with the necessary treatment to prevent fungal attacks, it is an unsuccessful attempt.
Exhibition and Educational Programmes
It is informed that the reconstruction work will be made with the approval of the Council after re-examining the dilapidated parts relevant to the project.
5.8 In terms of Section 127(B) of Parliamentary Elections Act, any elector who reasonably fears that due to conditions prevailing in the area within which his polling station is situated, that he is unable to cast his vote at such polling station, may request permission to cast his vote at another polling station.
As a result, the provision of the bad and doubtful debts had been overstated by Rs. 14,452,315.
Asian Development Bank
Program 1
Reimbursable Foreign Loans
Twenty selected officers of 20 estates belonging to five estate companies participated in this course with the main objective of improving occupational safety and health of the employees engaged in  the plantation field under the joint financial contribution of two plantation community projects of Canadian World University Association and the institutions such as Ethical Tea Partnership and completed a course of 15 days successfully.
Actual Expenditure (2014)
Financial Rules for Korean loan Aids
Programme/ Description
Development of Rural Community Health Centers
During the year, the ACCIMT continued to have substantial demand for the industrial services including equipment calibration, performance testing of measuring instruments and Lead Acid Batteries, testing and measurement of power electronics and surge protective devices, testing and measurement services for the communication and broadcasting sectors and other consulting services offered by the Institute to the industry.
Miss. C.K. Kiriwandala
August 31
The 'Strengthening Enforcement of Law, Access to Justice and Social Integration Programme' (SELAJSI) was developed based on the experience accumulated from phase I  and II of the former 'Equal to Justice Project'.
05-7 Festival Advance
Standards issued but not yet effective up to the date of issuance of the financial statements.
Mr. W. H. K. D. B. Rathnayake
Thereafter no provision had been made.
Progress of the Institutions removed from the Scope
Record
Low Voltage Surge Protection
Officers will be directed to other institutions as the occasion permits to do so, and a program was conducted at a single time for the entire staff of the institution.
Operational Data-2013
Total Estimated Amount (Rs. Mn.)
Two new lorries to the National Dairy Board in Narahenpita!
The department was able to send its staff for the following local and foreign training programmes in 2014, in order to enhance their professional skills and working efficiency.
Rapid R&D Activities of ITI
(b) Temporarily suspended refundable deposit balance
External (Between Ministries/ Departments)
Source: Sub-District Secretariat, Kachcheri, Batticaloa
Additional fees under Directives of the Film Corporation (Miscellaneous Charges) has to be recovered.
Education Services Unit
4. Gratuity
Atheling Sulphate
Purchasing of Books from Sri Lankan Writers.
Kuliyapitiya - East
The Corporation had incurred a loss of Rs. 9,982,000 from the publicity advertisement while agency commission amounting to Rs. 792,900 had been to an Agency owned by the co-producer of the film.
W.M.Ajith Premakumara
07. Musali
The conversion rates used for the report were the exchange rates and different currencies on the day of the year, the relevant agreements were signed.
3.1. District Boundaries
RAS/6/070
However, recoveries are made in the most appropriate and viable manner without harming the parent company.
01 Jeeps 04 04
Ms. T. V. Jayasinghe Arachchi
Distribution Division 3: Western Province South II, Uva, and Sabaragamuwa Provinces
Development of male sterile lines
Insurance
Farming, Animal Husbandry
Actions had not been taken for the preparation of the preliminary report and the final report on a loss caused to a motor vehicle and to obtain reimbursement of the loss.
(e) According to information from the Revenue Division, court fines and warrant fees totaled Rs. 6,481,721, however, the same was shown as Rs. 5,946,771 in the income and expenditure account.
Protecting the public, providing essential services to the public
Coordinating with the various divisions of the Ministry and the institutions under the Ministry to prepare Long-term/short-term plans such as the Corporate Plan, Action Plans, Budget Estimates, etc.
1.4 Basis for qualified audit opinion
Widows and Orphans Pension
Payment of pension as per above pension circular shall be made from July 2015 along with the arrears of pension relevant to the said period.
Action should be taken to adjust the income and expenditure account.
Sri Lanka Bodybuilding Federation
Increase over the previous year
No.248 1/1,
Once Airport Manager approves, Finance Manager verifies with the Time Cards and states that the overtime and work allowance is "checked" and then forwards to Regional Chief - Europe and America (RH-EA) after authorization.
(b)Though the Company had implemented maximum inventory levels to manage the Engineering inventory effectively, deviations had been observed in 17 nos of stock items.
As a result, evidence had not made available on issue of documents to the bidders in respect of items procured at a cost of Rs. 557,100 in 02 instances during the year under review, as per section 3.4(f) of the Government Procurement Guidelines.
Head, Bio Technology Unit
Cents
Kottawa to Dodangoda: 99%
(iii) Financial Regulation 750
25th April 03 Days
Organized by the United Nations Environment Program, National Ozone Unit of the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy Network Conference of South Asian Ozone Officers - Grand Oriental Hotel Colombo - Sri Lanka from 27-30 May 2014
Statutory Reserves
D. G. S. A. - 5
Head of Administration
Ceylon Agro Industries Ltd
2.2.1 Appropriation Accounts
Helping to keep the price level of the overall economy stable in a competitive environment
The entire expenses of these programmes are borne by the Ministry of Health
The rest is still being done.
Cooperation in the livestock sector, in the trade of dairy products to Sri Lanka and research on this sector and knowledge sharing in chicken rearing
3.4 Matters in Contentious Nature
Wednesday, 16 December 2009, 09:34
Table 03: The animal collection of the Hambantota Safari Park
They are thrift and credit co-operative societies in which a majority of public and private sector employees hold memberships.
The Decision for purchasing 06 A 330-300 aircraft and 04 A 350-900 aircraft, leasing another four 04 A 350-900 aircraft and selling and leaseback of above 06 A 330-300 aircraft had been taken by the Board of Directors of the Company in 2013 without obtaining approval of the Cabinet of Ministers.
The land unit of the Ranaviru Sewa Authority took this situation into consideration making arrangements to provide blocks of land to war heroes and also helped indirectly to find them land for housing
The above memorandum was considered with the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning and it was decided as follows.
III. Chapter
(i) Out of the balances of receivable accounts amounting to Rs. 385,557,687 as at 31 December 2017, the unsettled balance over 1 year amounted to Rs. 246,468,317.
III. Educational scholarships project
Facilitation of distribution of cow
Furniture & Office Equipment
(II) Other causes
III Miscellaneous Advances
Mr. G. D. N. de Silva
Accrual  ETF
Sri Lanka Telecom
5.2.3 Details of Government Officers Advance Account -269011
However, as at 31/12/2014, there were still 19 vacancies.
Central Engineering Consultancy Bureau
I certify that the information in the table above is correct.
To be a center of excellence, nationally and globally in Social Work Education, Training and Research
"Towards a society which observes Buddhist precepts"
5.1.2 Implementation of Title Registration Activities at Divisional Level
(2) When the facilities are provided by the foreign Government or Donor Agency only for food, 65% of combined allowance mentioned in above 4(a) shall be paid for accommodation.
Mr. H. C. S. Gunatilake
Training of officers for degree courses, higher diploma courses, diploma courses and training of officers to meet the departmental requirement and conducting of examinations by the department annually are also the functions performed by this institution.
The directors are required to prepare the financial statements and to provide the auditors with every opportunity to take whatever steps and undertake whatever inspections that may be considered being appropriate to enable them to give their audit opinion.
Development of Lands insfastructor facilities
The Ministry has carried out several activities in relation to environment and natural resources conservation in the reporting period.
Dates the examinations, which are considered for the concessionary period, were held
494 C. South Katuneriya
An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use and subsequent disposal.
Number of Members
Specially supports  graduate, post graduate, research and project activities and assists in projects of students in the Advance Level.
However, the period of the Project had been extended up to 31 December 2016, due to delays in completion of the Highway Secretariat Building.
Advance Number
(Development Officer)
Depreciation allocations for the year
(e) Whether the financial statements had been prepared on the basis of Sri Lanka Accounting Standards,
04, two-day workshop on Adult Counselling Skills Development at national level and 2 awareness programmes for elders at regional level were conducted.
(01) About us
Lack of Unpaid Festival Advances
Develop supportive facilities such as feed farms, audiovisual units, equipped auditoriums, modern laboratories, animal hospitals, separation units, museums, libraries, etc.
Industrial Vehicles
University of Colombo Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2012
Highways, streets, highways
Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation
Amended Estimate 2014 (Rs.)
Wednesday, 03 February 2010, 03:51
Mr. A. M. D. H. Abhayakoon
Arachchilage Kumara Sisira Jayakody
Panankattikottu East
As a continuous step, information on the identification of all existing paddy lands in the district and the expansion of sown and harvested paddy is conducted annually.
1. Mr. Wasantha Ekanayake (Chairman)
Non-compliance of procurement activities with the laws and rules
(b) Following service stations shall be treated as popular service stations.
The most popular speaker from Sinhala and Tamil medium was selected by votes of audiences at the final round.
Income from Short Term Investments
Searching borrow pits and gravel quarries Surveying work has commenced.
Your attention is drawn to para 03 of Public Administration Circular 25/2014 dated 12.11.2014 on the above matter.
Clearing the forest:
Interest Rate
Subsequently, a Memorandum of Understanding was signed on 15 February 2008 and the Loan Agreement had been amended accordingly on 27 May 2008 to change the scope of the Project.
Under this, it is proposed to supply additional water to 24,450 acres of the Yoda Wewa project and 6,230 acres of the Agatimurippu project, which are currently successfully cultivating only one season, and to irrigate 2,000 acres of new plantations.
Sri Lanka Railways 2011 - WCDT - Project
These development assistance grants have been awarded to Sri Lanka as credits with longer maturities and low or no interest and mixed credits (loan and grant combined).
Rajiva Wijesinha
Counting was done at 1,419 counting centers and out of them 304 were for the counting of postal votes.
Administration and Establishment services
Whether the withdrawals under the Loan had been made in accordance with the specifications laid down in the Loan Agreement,
Due to a host of reasons beyond the control of the Authority, the total turnover of Rs. 57.82 million in 2010 had declined to Rs 44.7 million.
Action has been taken to conduct 05 Progress Review Meetings with the participation of the Ministry and all the institutions under the Ministry.
Yatiyantota
The trade stalls No.05 and 06 have been obtained by the same lessee through the tenders.
Amateur Baseball Association
The proposed plant shed cannot be constructed at this rate, due to the cost of materials to be used.
Ministry Debtor - Dish TV Package
Construction of Nawagattegama Narioya Bridge
January to December -2015
Highlights of the agreement entered with the Russian Federation
Establishment of Mediation Boards for each Divisional Secretariat in Sri Lanka were commenced under this.
(e) Staff Administration
Under that, during the inquiries carried out by sending letters to the relevant electors, situations where two or more persons under the same National Identity Card number were also revealed.
Details of significant related party transactions that the Company carried out are as follows:
The Hon. Prime Minister, at the discussion held on 25.02.2015, has emphasized the significance of this request.
Actual Expenditure
Need to apply a sound efficient project management system in order to achieve the objectives of the Project.
3.4 Livelihood Patterns of the People of the District or Main Commercial and Economic Activities
Mannar Divisional Sports Festival
Despite the above adverse conditions, with the full support of the Board of Directors and the officers of the Corporation, including myself, who was appointed in mid-2012, and with the commitment and good management of all, we are moving towards development as a more sustainable and productive institution.
Visitors to Dehiwala and Pinnawala Zoos and Visitor Classification - 2014
The objective of this Circular is to ensure the optimum utilization of the provisions approved in the Annual Appropriation Act of 2017 and prevention of entering in to commitment and liabilities in excess of provisions so approved.
As per the Loan Agreement, the estimated total cost of the Project amounted to US$ 590 million equivalent to Rs. 76, 200 million and out of that US$ 494 million equivalent to Rs. 63, 356 million was agreed to be financed by the Export and Import Bank of China.
National Astronomical Observatory
3. Wattala Courts Complex
A sewerage treatment unit had been established in the slaughter house, but the treatment tanks  over flow on rainy days.
Number of iron bars supplied
The corresponding level III oral tests for the written examination were held on 29.09.2013; 19th and 20th of July for 1198 candidates from the Sabaragamuwa Province; on 18th, 19th and 20th of July for 1675 candidates from the Eastern Province and on 26th and 27th of July for 2588 candidates from the Central province .
Disaster loan balance
Accounting Software
The appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the management are evaluated.
Maintenance Board for Elders
Distribution of 25 fuel efficient stoves
Ananda National School, Puttalam
Less - Credits during the year
At the district level, District Returning Officer declared the final results of the polling division level and the district result on the permission received from the Commissioner of Elections and the Commissioner of Elections declared the result through television and broadcasting media after confirming the accuracy of the result.
Sales Assistant
(a) Access to commercial partnership and rural finance
The instances of non-compliance with laws, rules, regulations, and management decisions are given below.
35 Mr. R.M. Ekanayaka, P. M. S. III
Haputale No. 02
Mrs. J. A. Sandya
Athula Colonal Peiris
Maintenance Cost -1%
02. Development of water resources and irrigation systems.
Around 390 students from 10-13 years participated for it.
The above memorandum was considered with the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning, and the Secretary to the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy was directed to take into account the last two paragraphs of these observations and act accordingly.
Moratuwa Carpentry Cluster, North-Western and Southern Province Coir Industry Cluster, Uva and Northern Province Handicrafts Cluster, Northern Province Light Engineering Cluster, Batticaloa Cashew Production Cluster, Puttalam Clay Industries and Handloom textile industry are the clusters identified by National Enterprise Development Authority.
Effect of the duration of bulb treatment and the effective fungicide to control fungal bulb rot in cluster onion and research is in progress at Aralaganwila and Thirunelweli.
08. Cancellation of previous circulars
Contribution from domestic sources
Deputy Director
Project has already been completed.
However, the number of political parties that even appoint their representatives for this purpose is very limited, and a very few number of those who are appointed contribute to this task.
These Poojas were conducted under the sponsorship of the Hindu Religious Institutions in collaboration with the Development Officers attached to the Divisional Secretariats.
(l) Balance as at 01.01
Conducting tripartite supply workshops for the development of occupational safety and health in the construction field with ICTAD.
Therefore, it has been calculated in the account correctly.
Decentralized Program
Two sessions of the national program to put rings to birds were conducted at Bundala National Park.
The percentage of resolving grave crimes increased to 59% in the year 2013 from 54% in 2012 recording an increase of 9.3% and the position continued to be the same in the year 2014 by making it possible to resolve 58% of the reported crimes.
Director - Animal Breeding
Sacred Heart College, Rajagiriya
Deposit Accounts Age Analysis Report as at 31/12/
Stationery
The prime objective of this exercise was to make the officers who were in frustration due to delays in the procedure of promotions owing to various reasons, a contended work force.
Special projects under the skills development projects
University of Colombo Institute for Agro Technology and Rural Sciences commenced a novel programme as “Rural Entrepreneurship Development Programme” in 2011,
The Committee reviewed the effectiveness of the external audit conducted by B. A. De Silva, Institute of Chartered Accountants.
12. CIVIL PROCEDURE CODE (PRE-TRIAL /PROCEEDINGS) BILL
Non-Manufacturer Exporters
Closing Ceremony of the National Language Project
1.2.4 Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
Balance as at 31 December 2010
Work in Progress
Read more
Sri Lanka – Bangladesh
The main purpose of this programme was to raise the awareness of the people on the mandate of the Ministry and Languages and Social Integration Policy.
Number of trainees in 2015
Travel Time Saving of the Passengers
Mrs. M. P. Asilinnona
Memorandum of Association on the establishment of BIMSTEC Permanent Secretariat
Any clarification required on this circular can be obtained from the Director-General of the National Budget Department (Tel.011-2484665).
Niger
The Company’s other financial liabilities include trade and other payables.
Non-recovery of arrears of revenue.
Provide assistance for the National Co-operative Development procedures.
Cost Paid
The number of animals killed for food in the year 2014 has been calculated and sent to the Head Office for compilation of national level statistics.
Accordingly, 05 classes of level I, 25 classes of level II and 95 classes of level III were organized to conduct in 2014 and the estimated cost for that programme was Rs. 7,912,000/-.
Hon. Ranjan Ramanayake
Police Constable (Professional)
Issues of language societies of the relevant areas were discussed.
Ukuwela - Bowatenna line conductors
1.2 Implementation, Objectives, Funding and Duration of the Project.
Mrs. C.D. Panagoda
In consequence of action taken contrary to the Cabinet Memorandum, cess amounting to Rs. 12,720,000 and import duty amounting to Rs. 7,767,241 alone had to be incurred in the year under review unnecessarily.
Swimming meets had not been conducted until 13th September 2012 since the water leakages in the main swimming pool and the diving pool were being repaired.
The accounts unit takes up the responsibilities of coordinating the financial services and maintaining the provable financial information and management system for the Ministry by coordinating the relevant units.
Solomon Anura Liyanage
No. of registered institutions
Registered  Head  Office
Additional Solicitor General / Legal Draftsman
Koralai Pattu West
Emergency repairs
We acknowledge with gratitude the H.E.the President Mahinda Rajapakse, Additional Secretary of the Ministry of Defence, Commanders of Armed Services, The Inspector General of Police, and the entire staff of the Ministry of Defence for their guidance with paying special attention to make programmes that the Ranaviru Sewa Authority is carrying out for the benefit of war heroes are a success.
(ii) Action had not been taken to effect the set off through the Commissioner-General of Inland Revenue of the input tax relating to the Value Added Tax receivable amounting to Rs.6,431,738.
Kirinda puhulwella
04.	Public Nuisance
29. Galewela
Secondary Towns and Rural Community Based Water Supply and Sanitation Project (Loan No 2758 – SRI- SF) -2015
Awareness of School Children
Wharf Field Service
On 31st December 2015
Collecting Information from Ambalangoda Divisional Secretariat under "Collecting Information Related to the Intangible Cultural Heritages‟.
In order to reach the targets set in the development policy framework of the Sri Lankan government, the Department provides the required facilities to the Treasury through the Combined Information Computer Service.
Two ceremonies presided over by the Hon. Minister, Mr. John Amaratunga to award the duel citizenship certificates were held at the BMICH on 30.04.2015 and 11.06.2015.
However, ownership begins after 5 years.
Expenditure Head and Description
Email:-
Demand for the Tissue Cultured banana highly depend on the climatic conditions but highest demand is recorded in the rainy season,
Board of Directors
Progress of the Development Activities under Agriculture Unit
Submitting the Account to the Auditor General
To organize and hold meetings, conferences, lectures, workshops and seminars with a view to improving the professional expertise of judicial officers and advancing their knowledge and skills
Balance as per Cash Book as at 31/12/2014
Sixteen schools in the  Tamil medium and six schools in the Sinhala medium were selected for this tournament.
According to Treasury printout
Capital Gain Tax
National Budget Approval for Vehicle Procurements
This project can be considered as the first time that a sanitary landfill system has been implemented in the country.
Make-up materials
It is recommended that the collected revenue by local authorities  be utilized for the improvement of the service delivered to the public.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
It is aimed at completely recovering the arrears in finalized accounts of the previous years and fully recovering the arrears by the time the accounts are finalized for the current year.
Year 2 (2017)
Book exhibition
The support of the Superintendents of Estates, Plantation Community Facilitators and Grama Niladharis in estate areas was obtained for this purpose and an opportunity was provided to include the names of many persons in the estates in the electoral register.
Project Provisions 2014 Expenditure 2014
According to this Agreement, the fixed fee payable after the final completion date is US $ 625,000 per annum.
Fifty-one projects for which made budgeted provisions of Rs. 3,930,000 had not been executed during the year under review due to various reasons.
Transfers in terms of the F.R. 66 and 69
Furniture and Office Equipment
General Warrant No. 02 of 2019
Proper implementation and supervision in terms of relevant circulars, rules and regulations of the functions of the Internal Audit Divisions of the Ministry and institutions under the Ministry, progress for answers to audit queries and Annual Action Plan and Procurement Plan, including other financial and administrative affairs and conducting of 02 Audit and Management Meetings during the last 02 quarters of the year on 11/08/2015 and 21/12/2015 respectively,  so as to take measures required for variability
That was Rs. 49 million in the year 2011.
The Ministry of Public Administration and Management shall issue a separate Circular in relation to the revision of salaries of officers in Sri Lanka Judicial Service in consultation with the National Pay Commission.
Mr. Alok Porwal - Indian
Similarly, increase in expenditure by 117 per cent as well as decrease in expenditure ranging from 14 per cent to 65 per cent due to the failure to prepare expenditure estimates properly were observed.
The objective of the “National Unity Convention” was to ensure that various ethnic communities accepted one another, build mutual understanding and foster a feeling of fellowship among all ethnic groups, religions and various cultures.
Assisting in the preparation of capital expenditure estimates of the department affiliated to the Ministry and supervising and directing the projects implemented by that institution.
In my opinion except for the impact of the facts described in the section of the basis for the qualified opinion of this report the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Polpithigama Pradeshiya Sabha as at 31 December 2018 and its financial performance for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Function Organisation
(b) It was observed that the Project had incurred interest and Commitment Charges amounting Rs. 57.49 million additionally as at 31 December 2015, due to delays in implementing the activities of the Project.
This Institute is responsible for collection, process, analysis and dissemination of statistical data and computation of statistical indicators related to the country’s social, economic condition.
This Bill seeks to provide provision for contemporary realities relating to Child Protection as well as to repeal the outdated Children and Young Persons Ordinance.
2.3.2 Court Fines and Stamp Fees
Net Provision 3
The payable on retention money at the end of the year needs to be included in the accounts.
Funds Flow from Operations
(a) Common Amenities Law No.10 of 1973 and Common Amenities Board (Amendment) Act No.24 of 2003 –Section 5 (e)
Uva 7,681 12
Expenses for wages of employees
1.2.6. Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
To be the organisation empowered to ensure implementation of the Official Languages Policy by all organisations providing services to the public.
With the objective of improving the knowledge in languages of officers, 1,200 officers were given training in the Tamil Language, and 800 officers underwent studies in the English Language.
(a) The Project had maintained proper accounting records for the year ended 31 December 2017 and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Project as at 31 December 2017 in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards,
16. School attending:
Collection, analysis and examination of data jointly with Planning Division.
A statement on excesses and savings under each revenue and expenditure item had not been furnished.
Mr. T. M. K. B. Tennakoon
Interest for seven day deposits
Out of the profits of the commercial projects for the year under review, 40.38 per cent or Rs. 3,189,885 had been spent on the payment of incentives.
Lecture halls 02 - Facilities for 40 people
From Accelerating Depreciation
Number of Licenses Issued in 2015
These advertisements are published in both languages aiming main days of Sri Lankans that are culturally and nationally important.
Further, 05  pre-school teachers and 17 persons for 03 posts of primary level had been deployed in the service on contract basis; 35 casual employees had been deployed for 05 posts of primary level.
By now, the Ministry has completed preparing the five-year 'Road Plan' action plan in collaboration with Department of Official Languages, Official Language Commission and National Institute of Language and Training which are affiliated to the Ministry.
Aid in cash  to a maximum of Rs.50000/= is granted and the money is credited to the account of the beneficiary in two installments.
Without recommendations of a committee of three persons including two representatives nominated by the Head of the Department and the Divisional Secretary in terms of the Circular No.01/2012 dated 05 January 2012 and without having reviewed confirmations on experience and eligibility as per the documents in terms of Paragraph 3.2 of the said circular in awarding direct contracts to the community based organizations, 11 works valued at Rupees 8,654,738 had been awarded to community based organizations.
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations given to me, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters referred to in paragraph 2.2 of this report, I am of opinion that,
i.    Loans and receivables
01 Mr. K.J.D. Wijewardana
8. Regional Remembrance parks and halls
Vidya Mawatha,
Mr. I. G. Soida
02. Introduction to Galle District
The following development programs were implemented on 2014 provisions through the Department of Wildlife Conservation's funds under the Dayata Kirula National Development Program.
b) Landslide Mitigation for school safety
Inginimitiya
The objectives of the Project are to improve sanitation services to low-income households in Greater Colombo by increasing the number of sewerage house connections to existing and new sewerage networks and improving on site sanitation services at household level.
There are two primary objectives to publish printed media.
Mr. M. D. Dayarathne
Objectives:
Mr. J. A. P. U. Jayaweera
The auditing activities of the department are conducted by the Internal Audit of the Ministry of Co-operative and Internal Trade.
In preparing SLFRS financial statement of previous reporting periods, required adjustments have been made in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards (SLFRSs). The effect of the transition from SLASs to SLFRSs has been presented in the statement of reconciliation of equity, statement of comprehensive income and notes to the reconciliations.
Rehabilitation and improvement of capital assets
No. of applications dismissed
The following chart clearly shows that Galle District Secretariat has been able to collect revenue exceeding the estimated revenue targets for 2015.
The actual results may vary from estimate and judgment used.
“Govijana Mandiraya”
Two days viz., 05.08.2015 and 06.08.2015 were allocated to mark them.
Normal Service
The divisional staff studied the relevant standards (SLS 734 & SLS 948 for testing of switched & unswitched socket outlets, SLS 1000 for switches for households and similar fixed electrical installations, SLS 733 for testing of cables for voltages up to and including 450/750V), formulated test procedures & test set ups and commenced testing of all the electrical tests.
The Supplementary Support Services and Contingent Liabilities Project (Treasury Miscellaneous Vote- TMV) continued to be implemented by the Treasury as a tool for the prudent management of public expenditure in 2014 in order to provide funds for unforeseen urgent requirements while preventing ad hoc supplementary budget estimates.
5.2.1 Cultural and Religious Activities
Financing activities
Trilingual vocabularies related to education, building construction, linguistics and history have been prepared and completed under the English and Tamil glossaries.
Holding an inaugural ceremony again for a project in operation since the year 2008 is an uneconomic transaction.
4. As a manager of the estate of a person of unsound mind, (When entrusted by the District Court)
Accordingly, a Translation Center with modern facilities was established on the third floor of the Department under the financial sponsorship of the National Language Project and was declared open on 03.01.2014 under the patronage of the Secretary to the President and the Hon. Minister of National Languages ​​and Social Integration.
Mrs. W. P. Kalyani Gunarathana
Koratota - Kaduwela
3.2 Analyzed Financial Review
04. Summary of the Functions of the Ministry of Justice
The overall result of these expenses is not changing as these expenses are incurred systematically in each year.
Micro films -
Animal Feed Production - Year 2015
Tuesday, 22 August, 2017
Carrying our large scale renovation in apartment housing schemes using funds allocated from the 2011 budget.
Amount
The arrears of revenue amounting to Rs. 2.4 million existed in the preceding year had increased up to Rs. 5.9 million as at 31 December of the year under review.
Purchasing of books under the scheme for Assisting Writers
5. Administrative expenses
(C) Karandeniya
Note 11
Cash Deposit - People's Bank
Non-current assets are the assets that are expected to be maintained for more than one year from the date of the preparation of the statement of financial position of the Authority.
Actions have been taken by the Ministry for implementing Social Integration programmes with the collaboration of other institutions or releasing financial allocations for those institutions to carry out the above activities in order to the promotion of Social Integration.
With the assistance of the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), a feasibility study on ‘Development Planning on Optimal Power Generation for Peak Power Demand’ is being carried out
Subsequently, a higher price had been quoted.
Accordingly, disaster relief activities for the District community as well as many commercial farming programs for local agriculture had also been executed.
Advertisements in printed media have been published by the Commission aiming important days and occasions commemorated by Sri Lankans.
Postal Code Number:
CNLA - HETC 2013/01
(ii) Great toe-one phalanx
Other receipts
5.3.4. Details of the Payments Made under the Line Ministries and Other Departments
Casual savings
Spreaders
These officers also assist the Technical Evaluation Committee for purchasing Weapons and Equipment for the Ministry of Defense.
Note 06
US $ (million)
Rugam
Sales and Production Progress
Our rival publishers capitalize on these by enticing our customers to their papers.
Accordingly, a series of loans valued US $ 416.39 million has been signed for the reconstruction of the railway track from Omanthai to Pallai, Medawachchiya to Madupara, Madupara to Talaimannar, and Pallai to Kankasanthurai.
Receipts during the year
Preparation of Budget Estimates for Statutory Agencies which are supported through the Consolidated Fund
Click here to view the DM Policy.
Under the Phase II, the work on 173 out of 175 buildings that were earmarked for construction in 13 Police Divisions during the year 2013 has been fully completed and the construction work on the remaining 02 buildings is ongoing.
Difference Savings and (Exceeding)
Communication Services Unit is responsible for the SCADA system (SCADA computers at the System Control Centre including their hardware and software and the auxiliary systems and the remote station SCADA equipment including RTUs and Gateways) and the operational communications (PLC, PLTS) of the System
South Korea
Action had not been taken to utilize a bail machine when disposing bio degradable waste while that activity had been carried out under traditional method by employees labour using the foot to compact it.
H.M.M. Harees
Prof. Rohana Lakshman Piyadasa
Paid Deposits
Sri Lanka participated actively in many of these negotiations, particularly those on agriculture and non-agriculture, where Sri Lanka has vested interests.
Subsequent to the consultations such persons were referred either to the Consular Division of the Ministry of External Affairs or to the Sri Lanka Bureau of Foreign Employment.
Under this new development strategy, China and India have emerged as two lead development partners while the ADB, IDA, and Japan are maintaining their support as in the past.
Conduct, supervise, and review progress of the district development processes.
Nature
2. Describe the balance shown in above 5, as follows.
Gross profit/ (loss)
The language audit in Colombo Municipal Council
All financial transactions that passed through these units were executed with integrity, transparency and objectivity.
Stocks
Abandoned Mines / Quarries
Although the Institute for Agro-technology and Rural Sciences was established in 2008 according to the Ordinance, the Tissue Culture Unit was started in 1998 as a project of a University of Colombo by aiming poor and rural farming community to encourage developing their socioeconomic status.
Thereafter, he obtained a Master’s Degree on Extension and Rural Development from the University of West Sydney, Australia.
Affidavits are provided in order to enable the issuance of NIC’s, Birth, Marriage, and Death Certificates.
A program was implemented to provide computer accessory kits to all Labour Tribunals.
Conducting FOs elections
3.5 Identified Losses
Retained profit
To establish and maintain a Geodetic Control Network throughout the country
Taking over of goods in places of worship
These farmers were categorized according to their purchases.
Paddy cultivation is done based on the water received from the rain in the Maha season and in the Yala season from the water received from the following 13 irrigation tanks located in the district.
10 days induction training
Annual Report 2012 - Maritime Environmental Protection Authority
Construction of DNBG / ME / 04 Building
The period of the Project had been subsequently extended up to 31 December 2016.
(e) Environmental Issues
First
XVI. Filling of vacancies in the Membership of Parliament - 2015
Seagull Property Developers (Pvt) Ltd
Buildings and Constructions 2.5%
Mr. P.Puwanadran/ Mrs. V. Komadi/ Mrs.Wasanthani
3. During Olympic Station 03 lobby was taken as a expanded studio to provide live coverage.
Lecturer, Department of Physical Science and Technology, Faculty of Applied Science, University of Sabaragamuwa
* Purchase price
Computer Training for Development Officers
State Corporation Statutory Boards
Formulation of policies programmes and projects in regard to the subjects of Highways and Expressways and all subjects that come under the purview of Departments and Statutory Institutions mentioned below
Applications for claiming maintenance have been made available in Divisional Secretariats or Grama Niladhari Offices by the National Secretariat for Elders.
Mrs. S. Pushparani
In addition to the provision of Rs. 25,000,000 received under the Head of Expenditure of Sri Lanka Customs for the year under review, this Fund had spent a sum of Rs. 18,577,016 expenditures on fuel as done in the preceding years.
Optional exemptions from the retrospective Application
Police Stations
Dwarf-variety
Indian Ocean Rim Association (IORA) is a tripartite regional forum among countries of the Indian Ocean Rim which brings together Government, Business and Academia, for promoting co-operation and closer interaction among them.
(C) Passara
Plantation Companies
A trade stall in the public market had been taken back to the Sabha due to non-payment of advance money amounting to Rs.428,555 as such the current assets had been overstated by a similar amount.
My No:
Stock as at 01.01.2012
3.3 Identified Losses
Being elected as a member of the Western Province Provincial Council
The Government is making a genuine effort to provide electricity all over Sri Lanka while establishing small and medium scale industries in rural areas.
World Health Organization Fund
(b) Making arrangements to sell tickets for local / foreign tourists who attend to view the stables and picturesque places of the premises.
Annex 22
The Corporation received a sales income of Rs.1.07 billion in the year 2009.
SLAS II / III
Though the earth gets adequate rain and sunlight to make cultivations including paddy fields rich in harvest, there are plenty of instances where cultivations are subject to recurrent merciless weather conditions of nature such as cyclones, storms and floods.
Total Cost (Rs.)
Mr. P. P. Gunasena  (Up to 1st January 2013)
Vietnam    01
All Secretaries of Ministries,
Quarterly submission and presentation of data on foreign credit statistics by the World Bank and IMF
Foreign financing under export credit is primarily invested in commercially viable projects that can generate sufficient economic returns or income to cover debt repayment.
My No: EST-6/04/INS/1010
“Day to day life and mental stress of female employees”   an awareness Programme to coincide with Women’s Day
Verugal (Eechchilampattu)
Annual interest rate
It was not to a paddy plant.
The Company recognizes revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured and when it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the Company.
Interest paid
Investigation Officers have been instructed to carry out investigations regarding this matter.
Public Administration Circular: 22/99 (XXIX)
Efficiency Bar Examination Class III
Actions will be taken to use the budget as an effective management control instrument this year.
Rs. 103.10 Mn
As such, 70% of the cadre requirement has been realized by the end of the year 2014.
Sri Lanka Savings Bank Ltd
Closing of Cash Book as at 31.12.20.... and Remittance of Cash Balance to the Treasury for Reimbursable Foreign Aid
8. Cemetery Development
Assistant Customs Department, Sri Lanka Customs, Colombo 01
4.6 Environmental Issues
(b) The receiving of the capital and recurrent imprest has been included in the financial report.
New Zealand  01
Conducted Training Program for non-judicial Court Staff of the Northern Province
As per the financial statements of the National Water Supply and Drainage Board, the work-in-progress of the activities carried out by the Project as at 31 December 2017 amounted to Rs.26.34 million.
Sri Lanka Wildlife Trust
This Ministry has planned to prepare language planning in 6 main selected Ministries and affiliated Institutions under road planning from 2015.
Mrs. I. W. M. C. K. Illangakoon
Formulate and implement National Disaster Management Plan and National Emergency Operation Plan
Educational & Welfare Programs
b) The First training programme was conducted at Sarvodaya in Batticaloa for 40 participants.
No related party transaction
Rs. 10.8 million has been made available towards the rehabilitation and development of the infrastructure facilities of 31 Churches throughout the island.
The average installment per month would be Rs. 400,000. (approximately)
The estimated population in the Galle District for 2015 is 1,091,000 and it covers 5.2% of the total Sri Lankan population.
As per the Sri Lanka Customs data, Sri Lanka’s total import expenditure during the year 2014 has increased to USD 19,246 million from USD 17,098 million in 2013, which indicates a 13% increase.
Cultural activities - Alla Scheme
10.3.2. Mr. R.M.A.L. Ratnayake, Additional Commissioner of Elections participated in the local government election observation held in Norway from 10.09.2015 to 15.09.2015.
I also identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Corporation’s contribution to the defined contribution plans are recognized as an expense in the income statement when incurrent.
SL 1 - 2016
Temperature(C)
(b) The Sabha had not taken steps to give on rent or lease 11 shops out of 16 shops constructed at a cost of Rs. 12,379,634 in the year 2015.
Updating the National Action Plan for the Prevention of Land Degradation in Sri Lanka in line with the Ten Year Strategy of the United Nations Convention on Desertification
08 Mr. J. Ruwanpathirana Deputy Commissioner
Also, library facilities have been provided for the benefit of the officers and trainees of the Pilimatalawa Rural Development Training Center.
Recording new commitment details to the debt management system known as Commonwealth Secretariat Debt Recording and Management System (CS-DRMS) database
(a)Statement of compliance
A study on the Community Based Correction Mechanism in the Ratnapura district was conducted.
Implementation of the Community Police Service
According to the above table 42, 145 of total vehicle accidents in 2012 have come down to 37,877 by 2013 and to 36,050 by 2014.
Salaries
(d) The land value of 53 cemeteries belonging to the Sabha had not been brought to account under fixed assets.
Steps are being taken to implement it next year.
Account Statement number
Total Trade
Directing for Medical Treatments (No. of offenders)
Allowances for Gratuity
III. Available-for-Sale Financial Assets - Quoted Investments
As in the previous years, instructions were given in the year 2015 too to retain the names of the electors that could not be enumerated by door-to-door enumeration, but appeared in the previous electoral register.
Departmental Officer
Obtaining the parking income of the Fisheries Corporation for the year under review.
Annual Reports and the Statement of Accounts of Ceylon Shipping Corporation Ltd 2012-2013
Development Authority, Southern Province
Acquisition of 2 (1)
Senior Scientific Officer, Isotope Hydrology Section, Atomic Energy Authority
Newspaper Articles
a. To build a new house
New Expenditure Proposals:
Sinhala & Hindu New Year programs
According to the Provincial Councils Elections Act, No. 2 of 1988, within one week from the direction of the President by reason of the operation of Article 154E of the Constitution or within one week from the dissolution of the Provincial Council by the Governor of the Province under Article 154B (8) (c) of the Constitution, the Commissioner shall publish a notice of his intention to hold an election to such Council specifying the nomination period.
9. Kegalle
Translator (Sinhala- English)
Speech by Prof. Rajiva Wijesinghe on January 6, 2010 at the Public Library, Jaffna
Local
Through Cross Entries
Marking the boundaries of reservation areas
United Nation Agencies and Technical Assistance Division
Transfers (Subscriptions and property loan interests)
Welipara Sanctuary
Fax-011-2888928
Fees for registration of Attorney-at-Law
Mr. G. D. Jinadasa
05. Mr. Sirisena Amarasekera
Ahamad Jemaldeen Mohamad Badurdeen
The Official Languages Commission was established under the Official Languages Commission Act No 18 of 1991 and it has been initiated various projects to promote obtaining of bilingual services for Sri Lankan Citizens.
Ministry of Health
General Manager’s Review
Damana Pradeshiya Sabha
The specialty of this program is to give priority to the villages located in the Grama Niladhari Divisions which have not benefited from the previous development programs.
Use of cyclic funds
Organizing Airlines for the pilgrims.
The fourth meeting of the NECCCA was held on 24th June 2014 with a view to finding solutions to the issues related to climate change adaptation.
Progress
Appointing administrative boards/ members of director boards
16. When an individual holding a leading post in a recognized political party (Leader, Chairman, Secretary, National Organizer, Treasurer, Deputy Leader, Assistant Leader, Senior Deputy Chairman or a post with similar powers) and holding a dominant office such as the Chairman/ Member of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive/ Chief Editor in a media institution, and if he/ she is a candidate at the election or if his/ her party is contesting directly or under a recognized alliance, such person should refrain from actively engaging in duties of his/ her post of the media institution.
Badalkumbura
Education Project
Discussions were held between the Government and the World Bank with the objective of implementing the following projects in 2015.
Semendu Restaurant
Number of schools and teachers: 144 and 1,994
16.2 Financial Liabilities
Library Books 15%
Accreditation for Chemical and Microbiological Laboratory
The following courses have been conducted for 2862 officers by spending Rs. 8.183 Million in order to produce efficient officers with right skills to fulfill the Goals and Objectives of the Department of Prisons.
It has been decided at the Cabinet Meeting in which cabinet paper No. 14/0817/517/023 titled Condominium Management Authority - 2011 Annual Report was submitted that the report on the Audit and Management Committee meetings of 2011 to should be submitted together with the Annual Report in accordance with the instructions of the guide book on good governance in public enterprises.
Mr. H. N. Gunadasa
Details of the names deleted due to various reasons are given in the Table no. IX.
In terms of Article 149 (2) of the Constitution, expenditure from the Consolidated Fund should only be incurred for expenses approved by the Appropriation Act or any other Act passed by Parliament.
Accordingly, in addition to the basic salary due for each year, the corresponding adjustment allowance should be paid as mentioned under each year.
Salary Code
– Rs. 3382500.00
Purchasing and handing over new vehicles under the Financial Leasing Method and when necessary.
6:1 For officers serving in the posts of which the initial monthly salary step of the salary scale is below Rs.24,725/- as specified in Management Services Circular 30 (1) dated 01.06.2009, up to 30.06.2015.
4. Identifying and measuring property, plant and equipment
At that time this method was implemented in Colombo and Kandy Municipal Council areas and the register in other areas was prepared after arranging the names of voters in alphabetical order.
Single episode Tele Dramas
C. I. Karunathilaka
Establishment of a New Insurance Scheme (Agrahara) for Public Officers as proposed in the 2005 Budget
1.4 Hydrogeological Study in Vavuniya and Kilinochchi Districts (Rs. 4.5 Million)
Signature:
Week-end payment for executive
Hiru Viyana,
DESIGNATION CHANGES [STAFF OFFICERS]
Sectoral Distribution of Total Disbursements made in 2014
Recommended recurrent and capital allocations for the hospital amounting to Rs. 1,888 million during the year 2014.
4-10 years
Monitoring the services of Hajj Operators in KSA and attending to the shortcomings.
Construction of the kitchen
11.3 Conducting the 2015 Inaugural Festival
The National Conference on Floriculture Research was held on 19th December 2014 with the participation of the Sri Lanka Council for Agricultural Research Policy.
Employees who completed 20 years of service at the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation were presented with gold tokens in appreciation on 2nd May 2012.
It is hereby informed that under the guidance of the Government Agent, with the participation of every Government Officer in this District, this Department has made a full contribution to the smooth conduct of the elections.
Withholding tax
Projects approved by the Economic Development Co-operation Fund in the year 2014
Seven (07) soybean germplasm received from Asian Vegetable Research and Development Centre was evaluated for identifying better parents for future hybridization program.
The following accounting deficiencies were observed.
Accordingly, 8 preliminary investigations and 11 examinations have already been carried out in the year 2015.
Acquisition of Property, Plant, & Equipment
Regulations
28. Construction of Record Room and Case Room at Kesbawa District/ Magistrate's Court
In order to face the heavy competition encountered in the newspaper printing industry, a high quality printing press is imperative to maintian high quality and be comeptitive.
Expenditure as per the Cash Book
as at 1st January 2011
Tele Medicine Project
Transfer Boards will be held annually with a view to fulfill the requests made by officers for transfers.
Bhikkhu Registration Division
Shall accordingly take into account the population, per capita income, the need progressively to reduce social and economic disparities and the need progressively to reduce the differences between the per capita income of each Province and the highest per capita income among the Provinces
Mrs. E. Wayalat Nona
There are 30 approved staff in the post of Court Care Takers for Labour Tribunals.
Advance to employees - Purchase
2011 targeted number of financial assistance
15. Administrative Expenditure (District Planning Office)
Mullikulam
Issuance of number plates
New Zigas Software
Subsequently, the period of the Project had been extended up to 31 December 2018.
Preventing and curing of mastitis
Geographic information systems
1.Data and Information Division
Deans/ Librarian / Bursar,
USD 110.9 million loan
1.4.3 Training programmes conducted with the donations of People's Bank
(M) Maharagama
No. of Children Benefitted
2. Administrative Reforms for a Qualitative Service
has purchased items to the value of about Rs. 12.28 million and for the purpose of providing services it has spent an amount of Rs. 2.35 million.
09. Examination of Constitutional and other provisions of law relating to effective Administration of Justice
(USD Million)
3.3 Uneconomic Transactions
Preparation of answers to the Parliament Questions pertaining to external Government's Debt
6. Arrangement for the Hajj Pilgrimage.
Number of program projects
(D) Rambukkana
(h) Whether satisfactory measures had been taken by the Management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year audit report, and
The functions of all such Offices during the year under review were targeted on the following objectives.
22. Construction of Boundary Wall and Lunch Room at Galle District Court
M. G. Dingiri Amma
17. Hingurakgoda
Colombo, Kalutara, Gampaha, Ratnapura, Avissawella, Negombo, Galle, Kegalle, Kurunegala, Matara, Kandy, Empilipitiya and Kegalle
The Ministry of Home Affairs, a leading Ministry of the Government is entrusted with the major responsibility of drafting constitutional reforms to be introduced under the 100 day programme of the new Government and making practical plans to implement divisional administration in a more efficient and productive way.
Sets/props (current affairs)
Mrs. R. D. Pinie
Rupees Million
Proposed Morana reservoir is constructed across Ulhitiya oya at a location called “Morana” and water is diverted to Rotagolla wewa in order to overcome the shortage of water at Nagadeepa scheme.
Regulation of financial services
Description of expenses
Action had not been taken to identify and settle 08 balances of current assets and current liabilities amounting to Rs. 7,017,198 and Rs. 1,730,375 respectively brought forward over a number of years.
Approved limit and true expenses for officers' "B" accounts for the year 2015 are as follows.
No. of blocks for distribution
1.2.5 Cash & Cash Equivalents
03. Organizational Structure.
Preparing and coordinating publications
6. Koralai Pattu
Management Assistant (6)
Results showed the presence of insecticidal properties in Calotrophis leaves.
Workshop on the preparation of the Internal Audit Plan for procurement and the amendments to the Procurement Guidelines.
Certain significant statistics relating to the financing of funds, budgetary provision for the year under review, and the utilization of funds during the year under review and up to 31 December 2017 are shown below.
There were three Working Groups in respect of the stakeholder groups, namely, Working Group on Trade and Investment (WGTI), the Indian Ocean Rim Business Forum (IORBF) and the Indian Ocean Rim Academic Group (IORAG).
For a family of three members
National Insurance Trust Fund
The balance amount of Rs. 9,501 million is expected to be financed by the Government of Sri Lanka.
Puttlam-Mainstreaming school children by assuring their future through vocational training and providing books for school libraries in rural areas with minimum facilities. (Sinhala, Tamil and Muslim students of 04 selected schools in Vanathawilluwa and Kalpitiya Divisional Secretariats)
To recommend sworn translators
Pathadumbara
9.1.8 In terms of the provisions of the Public Administration Circular 25/2014 and the Cabinet Decision of 28/12/2014, 12 casual Management Assistants, recruited on special requirements to work in two official languages, were appointed to the posts of the Grade III of Document Assistant of the Department with effect from 02.02.2015.
Training Programmes funded by the Treasury
When funding those beneficiaries, once in  four months, Rs. 1000/- is given to the Divisional Secretariat for each beneficiary.
International Atomic Energy Agency/ Regional Cooperation Agreement Regional Training Course in Basic Ocean Sampling Practices in the Member States
Drought Relief - 2015
1500 copies of this book and 3000 CDs containing the Hand Book of Language Guidelines have been produced.
S. P. C. = Special Purchase Claim
Fund Flow Statement
Rural economic development
(f) Provisions for creditors of 06 works of 02 Departments in the preceding year amounting to Rupees 5,786,078 had not been paid or written off in the year under review and it had not been included to the creditors balance as at the end of the year.
(C) Measures will be taken to increase production and reduce losses in this sector by placing orders for concrete products through tenders.
Organized the participation of war heroes for a programme held at the Rupawahini Corporation
23rd, 24th August - Tower Hall Theatre
Total value of maps provided free of charge
To ensure the growth, expansion, and development of the Sri Lankan economy by encouraging, promoting, and facilitating small and medium enterprise development in Sri Lanka.
Client debtors
Assuring the mainstreaming of marginalized people through changing their attitudes positively and enhancing their knowledge and skills
The consultancy fees aggregating Rs. 95.55 million as at 31 December 2015 had been charged to this Project without being segregated on the services rendered for each project.
Start
K. G. Nishantha
District Secretariat (Jaffna)
All liabilities which are related to the particular financial year should be settled within the year.
(1)	Programme 01
The Board of Directors would like to extend their sincere gratitude to the Honorable Minister of Industrial Development, Honorable Minister of State Resources & Enterprises Development, Officials of the Line Ministry, General Treasury, Sri Lanka Standards Institution, Sri Lanka Ports Authority and State Banks, Other Government Institutions and Cement Manufacturing Organizations for their co-operation and the directives given to the SLCC in the year 2012.
The compilation of the simplified Road Map document containing the facts to be taken in to account by the other Ministries in preparation of their Road Maps is another undertaking carried out with the technical contribution of the National Language Project.
Understanding of Operating Systems
Identified as exchange and exchange income.
The age analysis had not been furnished for the accounts receivable of Rs. 33,496,765 out of the receivable accounts amounting to Rs. 39,433,371 as at 31 December 2017 and the arrears of lease rent which exceeded 03 years amounting to Rs. 228,834 had not been recovered.
No. completed in the year
Yatinuwara
Took timely and appropriate actions for various requests made by the outside agencies which referred to the Secretary to the Treasury and DG/ERD regarding foreign financing and debt
Transfers from other institutions
The principal activities of the Company are printing, publishing and distribution of newspapers and periodicals.
The Institute is registered for Value Added Tax (VAT).
Lifted Cancellation orders
Accordingly, the amount of Rs. 163,500/- has been subjected to the aforesaid delegation of financial authority.
I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
High Court Permission Applications
Position:
The Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation (BIMSTEC) which consists of 7 countries namely Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Myanmar, Nepal, Sri Lanka and Thailand aims at enhancing the trade flows between the member countries and establishing better economic ties within the region.
(a) Financial Assistance for Elders Committee
An awareness programme was held for farmers by the officers of the Agrarian Services Department and the Provincial Department of Agriculture.
Key Activities
New activities to be carried out for the implementation of the recommendations of the Committee appointed by the Cabinet of Ministers
Its inaugural ceremony will be held on March 18, 2016 at 9.00 am with the patronage of Dr. Ridley Jayasinghe, Director of the National Institute of Social Development and  Mrs. D. L. Sannasuriya, Director of the Department of Community Based Corrections at the Auditorium of the Department of Community Based Corrections.
(i) Failure to follow the procurement procedures on the works.
4.2.4.4 In-house Software Development
The arrears of revenue amounting to Rs.70 million that existed as at 31 December of the preceding year had increased up to Rs.122 million in the year under review.
If the officer has faced the accident under any of the situations from I, II, III or IV of paragraph 01 of this Circular, the amount of compensations doubles up.
Total arrears as at 31 December
Mr. B. R. P. Perera's Disaster Loans recovered from Mr. Rupasinghe
Minister of Social Empowerment, Welfare and Kandyan Heritage
(A) Eheliyagoda
Real Output (% change)
Directing selected students of Arabic colleges to a scholarship program at Al-Azhar University in Egypt.
NATIONAL LANGUAGES PROJECT (NLP)
a.	Programme	01
In addition, a treaty has been finalized with Russian Federation for Mutual Legal Assistance on Criminal Matters and Prisoner Transfer.
Gain / (Loss) on Fair Value Adjustment
National Freedom Front
Sri Lanka Shooting Federation
Air shipping charges
III. Observing two minutes silence to commemorate the war heroes and others who sacrificed their lives on behalf of the motherland.
Annual publications
Completion of required analytical reports relevant to foreign debt on time
Construction of Bus Stand at Madurankuliya
Vehicular Accidents
Accordingly, by the end of the year 2014, 8,160 participants are attending language training throughout the country through 272 classes.
Promoting Research on Hindu Religion and Culture.
A Board of Control for the year 2019 has been appointed.
Minimum Limit of Receipts
(4) Other Operating Income
Program for Establishment of Garment Industry Related Industrial Units
Losses & Write Off
5.1 Cash
This project will help to meet the country's growing electricity requirements by transmitting electricity generated by the proposed coal power plant at Sampur, Trincomalee to the National Grid.
Prof. Martina Weber conducting a practical session at the workshop on pollenology.
In comparison the excess of revenue over recurrent expenditure of the preceding year amounting Rs. 56,548,493
(b) According to the Financial Regulations 626, the financial statements of each projects should be prepared based on separate accounting records maintained by the Project.
Net Receipts
Creating and maintaining the quality of high quality paddy and grains
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31 December 2013
Accordingly, the evaluation activities carried out according to the internal audits conducted in the financial year 2014, by the Mannar District Secretariat and all the five Divisional Secretariats under it, are as follows.
Interest for the Received For 2012
The Department of Wildlife Conservation has been entrusted with the responsibility of preserving an eco-system endowed with various plants and animal species that have inherited the country with an enormous bio-diversity.
Kurunduwatta
(c) Physical verification had not been carried out in respect of property, plant and equipment for the year under review.
The quarterly expenditure estimate prepared by the respective agencies are uploaded to the Website www.newcigas.treasury.gov.lk which is being maintained under the Department of State Accounts and action should be taken to obtain the approval of the Department of National Budget through CIGAS program before commencement of the year 2018.
Final Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2012
Fax: 0112-665098
Frequent Natural Disasters and Prone Areas
Nominations were accepted at the Elections Secretariat, Rajagiriya on 08.12.2014 and the nominations of all candidates who made the deposits were handed over to the Commissioner of Elections during the specified period.
Operations & Maintenance Agreement with Lakdhanavi Limited
Waste Water Management Project in Kandy City
Accordingly, workshops were held to this effect for O.I.Cs representing the police stations in Western, Central, Southern and Eastern provinces.
Internal Revenue
Rent advance
Kegalle Wendala temple, Karawanella
The presence of hard seeds is a major problem in mung bean.
Number of reported cases
20 January 2012
"Let us strengthen the wings of our butterflies" - Awareness Program
10. Other Special Tasks
Sign language workshops for Field Officers
Program Administration Unit
(c) Before transferring the Project to the Ministry of Industry and Commerce, two Accounts Assistants had been appointed for the Project Management Unit of the then Ministry on two different monthly salary scales of Rs. 35,000 and Rs. 16,500 without obtaining the approval from the General Treasury.
A member of this society earns average sum of Rs. 15,000.00 additional incomes per month by selling milk.
In addition, training programs were conducted for identified entrepreneurial groups.
Stress Management (Divisional Secretariat - Yakkalamulla)
Divisional Department Head / Division
The share value of the share is  Rs.10/=.
The Secretary to the Ministry in charge of the subject of Justice
5:4 Conducting three day Workshops
4.0 Research Programs and Technological Services
Exchange of national import and export trade statistics and non-tariff measures
Asia-Pacific Trade Agreement (APTA)
Stakeholder Society
Non-Current Assets
Mrs. K. B. Sasanka Laithmi
Demography
Your attention is drawn to Public Administration Circular 01/2014 dated 21.01.2014 on the above matter.
Establishment of Open Prisons
An audit includes examining, on a test basis evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Mr. Kanchana Marasinghe works as the producer for that programme.
Electoral District No. 22 - Kegalle
In addition to above compensation, the Company also provides non cash benefits to Key Management Personnel in terms of employment contracts with them.
Publisher
Out of the fines collected under the Tobacco Tax Act, 25 percent can be used for the payment of rewards.
Commuter Transport
The average monthly balance of the bank current account of the Fund in the year 2018 amounted to Rs. 3.3 million; nevertheless, action had not been taken to invest those money in a short term investment effectively and to obtain an additional income.
According to the Project Document, it was planned to rehabilitate 504.8 kilometres of national roads and 85.01 kilometres of provincial roads in Nuwara Eliya and Hambantota Districts, 02 flyovers, and the widening and reconstruction of 46 bridges on a priority basis under the allocations made for the Project.
Allocation made in the Budget Estimate for the year under review
Ceylon Fisheries Harbour Corporation (CFHC) has opened Suduwalla fisheries habour in 2014.
Preservation, Promotion and Propagation of Hindu Religion and Culture.
17.12.2011-Mahara Pradeshiya Sabha
Class
Senior Assistant Registrar / Welfare
(b) Officers in Trade Unions of Combined Services who expect to enjoy the concessions indicated in this Section should prepare their applications in this regard (in terms of sub section 7:5 of Chapter XXV of Establishments Code) and they should be submitted to the Director General of Combined Services through the Secretary of the respective Trade Union at least two weeks before the meeting of Transfer Committees.
The Fitness Counseling Unit established by the National Institute of Sports Science provides the necessary support to maintain the fitness of the public.
The notice of the commencement of the enumeration of electors for the year 2014 under Section 12(1) of the Registration of Electors Act was published in the Government Gazette No. 1862/12 on 16.05.2014 and in the Sinhala, Tamil and English newspapers, on the same day.
The total mileage of travel undertaken by the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation Transport Unit in the year 2012 was 1,579,976 km. out of which 1,178,120 km were covered by Corporation’s vehicles, and 401,856 km were covered by the hired vehicles.
Mr. C. J. K. Perera
Allocation made in the Budget Estimate for the year under review
Bank Overdraft -
3.2.1 Unclaimed Assets
Under the provision of necessary input for carrying out translation works in a more efficient manner, making a Sinhala/Tamil automated translation software is now being carried out jointly with the University of Moratuwa.
Approved number of employees 2013
The PSDG funds allocated by the General Treasury for 2016 have been apportioned between the provinces and districts based on the above formula.
08 Bicycles 16 16
41 Sinhala classes have been conducted in Batticaloa.
According to a circular issued by the Commissioner of Elections, persons whose permanent residency has changed but are no longer alive were removed from the electoral register.
Genetic and Plant Breeding
The new GSP+ status has opened 100% duty free access for all textile items under HS chapter 61, 62 and 63.
Classes approved in the year 2015
Quality control and calibration are constantly being carried out to ensure the excellence of the performance.
Installation of Load Break Switch at Dayata Kirula Exhibition Site.
Total loan balance applicable to the officer
This Division conducts preliminary investigations into disciplinary violations of public officers and conducts inquiries into office deficiencies.
Expenditure %
Printers' Co-operative Society Ltd.
An Exhibition stall was maintained by this Department at the National Exhibition Deyata Kirula “Miraculous resurgence for the country’s success tomorrow” held in Kuliyapitiya, Hardy College from 2014.02.20 to 2014.03.02 and action was taken to create awareness among the public regarding the sole functions of the Department and the Muslim Religious and Cultural Identities.
The main objective of this programme is to increase Sri Lankan's forest cover to 35% by 2020.
Performance in year 2012
It was observed that a maximum of the rewards payable had not been specified.
The activities of the Project consisted of the establishment of a Research and Training Complex and a Farm with essential equipment at the Faculty of Agriculture in the University of Jaffna in order to improve effective research, education and promotion activities of dry zone agriculture in the Northern Province.
The following are the details of the 12-day non-residential courses conducted during the year 2015.
The Phase III, commenced in the middle of this year and it envisages the construction of 300 buildings in 47 Police Divisions.
31 December 2012
Purawesi Peramuna
Vietnam
The Pump House was handed over to Kandy Municipal Council on 02nd May 2019 and is now functioning.
Salary Conversion (Divisional Secretariat - Karandeniya, Gonapinuwala, Thawalama)
Preliminary environmental studies have been completed.
The General Treasury has allocated Rs.49.18 Mn. and Rs.8.51 Mn. for this retirement
Thai  pongal special stamp was released with the sponsorship of Postal Department by Honorable Prime Minister on 14.01.2014 at Dhurkka Mani Mandapam, Jaffna.
(D.G.S.A. 3)
Project Description
Esala Poya Day live telecast
No. of project bills in hand
Domestic Debt
Value of payment of installments in respect of housing aid prior to 2011(January to July 2011)
03. In case where the officer is entitled to obtain either leave with half pay or no-pay after the above calculation, the officer shall also be granted such leave on her request.
The National Secretariat for Elders acts with dedication on this matter.
Coordinating the development activities implemented by the Ministry of Justice at Divisional and District level with District Secretariats and Divisional Secretariats.
Financial Progress of National Institute of Language Education and Training
Documentary Unit
Budget Estimate Allocation (Rs.)
The Christian Society celebrated Christmas party singing carol and distributing of gifts to the children of ITI staff.
Mahauswewa Rathanapala Navodya School Anamaduwa
Paddy Yield Survey is conducted twice a year to evaluate paddy yield ratios at district level and island level to assess paddy yield percentage rates.
This included both capital and recurrent expenditure namely, salaries and wages, welfare, operational expenses such as electricity, water, stationery fuel, diet, uniforms and the expenditure related to development programmes.
Participating in Educational Exhibitions held in Kuliyapitiya, Avissawella and at the BMICH.
12. Construction of Court Complex at Matara
vi. Stimulated the mental sensitivity of the staff by celebrating Vesak and Nawarathri festivals
The amount stated in the financial statements of the Board is Rs. 68 million.
Institutional and human capacity building for LAC
Whether the withdrawals under the Grant had been made in accordance with the specifications laid down in the Grant Agreement,
The completed form should be handed over to the bank branch where the account is maintained on or before January 2, 2019, and action should be taken to remit the relevant amount to the Treasury.
Additional Director
It is 0.4 - 0.6% of the GNP.
New Low Voltage Lines (kilometers)
Purchasing of furniture and office equipment
(i) Official Quarters
Land Training Program (Divisional Secretariat - Karandeniya, Hikkaduwa)
Meeting of Social Welfare Superintendents/ Officers in charge – Once a month
Sinhala Medium Diploma Course in Gerontology/Elder Care (2015/2017) Inauguration Ceremony - Ranna
Co-ordinate the resources and the activities of NGOs within the National Policy Framework and make them contribute as partners in the process of development of the country.
Schedule 06
Three unions related to Rural Women and Rural Development Societies are registered and maintained in the Mannar District.
Counselling & Intoxication prevention programmes
This includes Quality Management Systems, Management Accountability, Resource Management, Service Realization, Sales Analysis and Promotion and Horizontal Audit.
The study of different orientations of the circular gas disks around Be stars by their spectral emission lines.
Since the balances had been coming forward since 2008, actions will be taken to look into it and correct them.
The impact arising from the above changes is summarized below:
Hakmana
But the actual sales were 58,352 metric tons.
Avvaiyar Arivuch chelvam - 3838 Copies
Conducting the Certificate Award Ceremony for persons engaged in the plantation field
Conducting Medical Clinics, Providing Contact Lenses and Hearing Aids
Value of the bills in hand:
Mr. K. Premasiri
Granting a special allowance to the officers of the executive service category in the public service
Survey and prepare maps of estates of the Ministry of Plantation
Instructions are given regarding this.
Deputy Director
DFCC Bank
Further, in terms of revenue proposal No. 8.51 relating to the revised budget submitted by the Minister of Finance to the Parliament on 29.01.2015, it has been proposed to sell the damaged/ unserviceable condemned vehicles by public auction.
Management Activities
District and Divisional Survey Offices - Badulla
1.2 Other Financial Assets
Let us give a solution for every problem.
(i) Out of the total disbursements of Rs. 1,671,071,404 made for the year 2009, a sum of Rs. 1,104,205,499 or 66 per cent had been disbursed by the Project without issuing the eligibility clearance.
Mediation charges
Kurunegala District
Rs. 50,000.00
Having been designed from the ancient flag of Sabaragamuwa, this flag has a picturesque red frame and a yellowish background.
Divisional Secretariat: Kesbewa
Programme (02)
Under the Divisional Secretariat
During the year 2014, the Department has given approval for purchase of 1496 vehicles and No. Of vehicles purchased by each category stated the table below.
Finance Manager
Table 16: Expenditure Summary
Debt servicing has become a special aspect in the monetary and fiscal management of the country with the gradual increase in the amount of loans obtained from development partners for the implementation of development projects in the country during the six decades after independence.
However, in the absence of a service requirement, 1777 copies of annual reports and 150,000 of Elders Identity Cards have been printed.
Publication of law reports and providing Legal Aid
Agrahara Rakawarana Insurance Scheme
Permanent Basis
Tele Drama series
Personal Payroll
Lectures are conducted by well qualified and experienced resource persons from the legal Profession.
Flood
Whenever a transformer in the transmission network is isolated from the protection relays, it indicates a fault in the transformer.
May - Southern Road Connectivity Project (USD 75 million)
A Corporate Plan for the period of 2013 - 2016 had been prepared by the Company in terms of Section 5 of the Public Enterprise Circular No. P.E.D./12 of 02 June 2013.
Uruguay
Sale of TV time – channel Eye
Ranga Boomi
(ii) The budget which includes annual procurement plan was submitted to audit.
(d) Although the Sabha had a Procurement Committee, decisions of the Procurement Committee had been implemented with respect to construction works only.
Hindu Religious Festival
3.3.2 Since the period of enforcing the provisions of the Registration of Electors (Special Provisions) Act, No. 27 of 2013 was limited to two years and provisions of the said Act were not applicable to the revision in 2015, several interested political parties initiates inquiries from the Commissioner of Elections and in 2015, to extend the provisions of the Act for another two years.
Whether adequate accounting records were maintained on a continuing basis to show the expenditure of the Project from the funds of the Government of Sri Lanka and the Lending Agency, the progress of the Project in financial and physical terms, the assets and liabilities arising from the operations of the Project, the identifications of the purchases made out of the Loan etc.,
The preparation of the traffic master plan and storm water plan were delayed, due to unavoidable reasons.
D. S. Office - Baddegama
Demarcation of the new boundaries of the Maragala Mountain range EPA was initiated  and successfully completed.
Andankulam Sewing Training Centre
Alexender Methsiri De Silva
As such, in order to feed the relevant information to the web page, it is required to collect and compile relevant information early.
1.1.1. Key Functions
Criminal prosecutions and civil law proceedings on behalf of the government.
Special attention is needed in respect of the following areas of control.
Revision of Electoral Register - 2017
The Board of Directors is satisfied that the Company is a going concern and has adequate resources to carry out operations.
At the launch of the Performance Report-2015 of the Ministry of Irrigation and Water Resources Management, I  consider it is my duty to mention the challenges faced by our Ministry and the achievements gained by us during the past year and our expected goals for the future in briefly.
Sanuga Bihansith
The contract for the rehabilitation of Arthur’s Seat viewing deck had been completed at a cost Rs. 24.22 million.
Note 03-distribution cost
Awareness Program - Bamboo & Cane
I take this opportunity to add a few words to the Performance Report and Annual Accounts for 2014 of the Department of Hindu Religious and Cultural Affairs.
National Center for Leadership Development, Embilipitiya
Remain as Sri Lanka’s leading print media institution with other media service capabilities.
There was also an extraordinary hierarchical system, which gave great advantages to the privileged whilst the others had to serve them unquestioningly.
Total Expenditure
5.1.1 Grama Niladhari Activities
23. Whether the officer has worked at a popular service station?
Ornamental crops
Grama Niladari Division
2.4 Statutory Auditing of Co-operative Societies
Professions Supplementary to Medicine/ Paramedical Services - Segment 1
Letters received from the war heroes for securing help in solving problems such as getting deeds or licenses for the land they settled on and getting the approval for building a house are referred to institutions concerned requesting priority for them.
Local
7. Restoring and stabilizing the lives of the community in conditions such as droughts, floods, storms and tsunami by organizing, implementing and supervising disaster management activities and carrying out follow-up action thereon as the representative of the government.
In order to maintain the administration of the department efficiently, action has been taken to make the officers of the Public Management Assistants' Service and the junior staff participate in local training programs in the year 2014.
Transferring Revaluation Loss of Vessel - Lanka Muditha
Agreement on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters
All of whom are employed on assignment basis and provide a high quality service which is another unique aspect.
The competition for the annual State Drama Festival jointly organized by the Department of Cultural Affairs and the State Drama Team of the Ceylon Arts Club was held on 24.07.2014 at the Conference Hall of the District Secretariat.
Samsung Everland Zoo, Korea
C 2409
Non - Tax Revenue
Field of Specialty
Procurement Management
Droping Wattha Land
(a) Expenditure on fuel amounting to Rs. 269,471 payable relating to the months of November and December of the year under review had not been brought to account.
(c) Liquid Assets
Its bordered in the North by the Kelani River; in the South by Bolgoda River;  in the West by the coastline and in the East by the Sabaragamuwa province.
Administrative expenses including the following
29. Retirement Benefit Obligation
Further, ITI carried out a comprehensive study within a short period of time and submitted the results to the District Secretary.
She holds a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture and a Second Class (Higher) Special Degree.
Alawwa
Sri Lanka Chess Federation
Total expenditure - Recurrent
Following allowances are included in the new salary structure.
Reference to Laws, Rules and Regulations
Biyagama
Mr. Anil Ranjith
When preparing the Financial Statements, we have made an assessment of the liability of the organization to continue as a going concern in the foreseeable future.
Commitment Register
For the year ended 31st March 2012
Creating a team of satisfied employees within the Police Department, thus contributed to enhancing the performance of the Department.
01.	Western
4. R.Premadasa International Cricket Stadium
Total Value of Assets
Increase of income from the Treasury Bills
4. Wellawaya
Direct Operational Expenses
Highest number of recognized political parties contested in the Colombo district and that was 21.
Nevertheless, it was observed that 3 stalls of the retail complex and 33 wholesale stalls of the retail complex had remained idle without being used for business activities by 17 September 2019.
Nature of the Expenditure (with DGSA Format Reference)
Mr. G. U. Upawansa
Department of Agriculture
5:3 Artist Santin Gunawardena Appreciation Ceremony
Godahena Kattadige Nilantha Roshan
6.1.1 Role of the Attorney General’s Department
18. Review of licensing and enforcement of provisions with regard to protection of environment
The progress of the study are as follows:
Registration Fees for Registrar General's Department
Dean / Registrar
2. Development Activities of the Department of Co-operative Development
Cultural Division - District Secretariat
At the Auditorium of the Anamaduwa Divisional Education Office
State Accounts Circular No: 258/2017
22. Divisional Secretariat - Karandeniya
Maximum Expenditure Limit Rs.18.1 billion and the reported actual expenditure was Rs.16.6 billion.
Mrs. K. K. D. L. Amarasinghe
Regional Economic Cooperation
8.0 Issuing Certificates of Origin
Target
62 Mrs. N. V. P. Senadeera, P. M. S. I
Special live cultural & traditional program
The following members of the Board of Directors served in the Audit Committee.
My No.: EST-9/DICIP/06/0212
(8) Total of Claims disallowed by the Donor, during 2018 (if any), in respect of Claims for 2018
Non-mobile liability
Work Supervisor
Construction of the pre-school
Contribution against Equity Capital
It provides employment facilities to a large number of youth in the Galle District.
Staff - Annex 01
Welikadamulla
The investigation into the distribution process of school uniforms
Government Institutions
Compilation of required economic analytical reports relevant to foreign financing on time and at a satisfactory level
Allirani Fort
Value (Rs.)
35th Regional Meeting of the National Representatives
(j) The Shroff was instructed to maintain the register for stamps and it has been maintained since 2013.
As a result, the page visits have increased ensuring strong global presence for www.dailynews.lk.
Forestry Development
The Head of the Department shall forward the proposals for transfers to the secretary, of the relevant Line Ministry.
The Sabha had lost the 01 per cent lease amount of the sales value and the plots of lands meant for public purposes.
Road Map (both Sinhala and English medium) has been updated and printed.
Gampaha (Thihariya)
Transferred
9.4 Transfers
Issues Related to Tariff Policy
13. Establishment of Botanic Garden in the Northern Province
Establishment of a place to store information on matters pertaining to languages
Supreme Court Branch
While compared with the excess of revenue over recurrent expenditure of the preceding year amounting to Rs. 124,733,524.
Cash and cash equivalents
Source Textile Development Division
No of Employees
Last Updated on Wednesday, 19 October 2016 09:31
Net value 2013 ( Rupees )
12.2 Carrying Value of Total Assets
Sri Lanka Cement Corporation holds 320,000 / - ordinary shares of Lafarge Mahaweli Marine Cement Ltd. at Rs. 10 / - each and since benefiting from the issuance of bonus shares of one ordinary share for every two shares held by the Corporation as at 31 December 1995, the Corporation holds 480,000 ordinary shares of Mahaweli Marine Cement Limited Limited.
Engineering Services
Length (Km): 48.00
Mr. P. E. Sarath Wickrama
But is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Future operations are in progress
(Private) Limited
Share of Ranaviru Sewa Authority
Judicial zones from which the trainees participated
Debtor - Mr B. R. P. Perera
Dhurkka Parameswary Najinai Naagammal Temple, Thirumurikandy
Mammals
Decrease in Unpaid Advances
Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
A research paper titled “Observation of Solar Radio Bursts using Electronic Callisto System” was prepared for the 30th Technical Session of the Institute of Physics Sri Lanka (IPSL)
In order to meet this liability a provision  is carried forward  in the balance sheet equivalent to an amount calculated based on a half month's salary of the last month of the financial year of all employees  for each completed year of service commencing from the first year of service.
Statement of losses and waivers under F.R. 109 during the year
09th November - 03Days
Labour Tribunals can be defined as an institution which provides justice in respect of matters such as termination of employment of employees of the non-governmental institutions, etc., and is considered a great privilege restored to such parties.
Submitting progress reports related to development programs to the Ministry in a timely manner.
Construction Projects completed from 2014.01.01 to 2014.12.31
Implementation of the National Policy Framework for Social Integration (NPFSI) at National and District Level
Project:
Tsunami Preparation Drill Program
Creation of sustainable livelihoods
Executive grade employees
Target Hectares
Public Administration Circular No 379  dated 25.09.1987
Water
Development of infrastructure facilities in wildlife reservation areas associated with project area
Operational activities during the past 03 years.
The Bill has been drafted, including the recommendations made by the National Human Rights Action Plan.
There were two commercial advance accounts operating under the department.
The procurement process for augmentation of primary substations at Beligaha and Ethulkotte, and construction works of primary substations at Rattanapitiya under the allocation of Rs. 10.41 million under the component - 03 had not been commenced even as at 31 December 2017.
An amount of Rs.7 million was granted in addition to Rs.10 million granted in the previous year to renovate a filling station in Kobeigane, which belongs to Kobeigane Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd.
Mrs. A. W. P. Babynona
Mediation depends on the number of complaints received and the reason for the decrease of progress up to 16% was the non-receipt of complaints in expected numbers.
Sri Lanka Cement Corporation
03.Other Staff (Supporting Services)
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards and for such internal control as what the Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements whether due to fraud or error.
Accordingly, 10 programmes of 12-days non-residential language training were organized in 2014 and the total expenditure allocated for that programme was Rs. 1,400,000/-.
National Highways Sector Project/ NHSP
Improvement of Revenue
1.3 Qualified Opinion
The first (Kumbabhishek) pooja was performed here in 1952 after the Reformation.
13th December
3.1 Overall considerations
Provisions For Divi Neguma Department
The project can be repeated to other National Water Supply and Drainage Board sites in the island.
Other facts
Social Integration Youth Camp
Section 11, Chapter XXIV
Voting took place on 08/01/2015 at 70 polling stations.
Nagalinkam Thiraviyam
Although it had been mentioned that temporary work, such as laying gravel on road should not be done when constructing and upgrading roads in terms of the paragraph 1.2 of the Finance Commission Circular No. 2016/01 dated December 2015, a sum of Rs. 422,278 to lay gravel on 3 roads in the year 2016 and a sum of Rs. 1,367,391 to lay gravel on 11 roads in the year 2018 had been paid, and at the time of the examination the gravel on the road had washed away.
Ministry of Social Welfare - Recurrent
Auditors' Remuneration
10. Training
The number of employees at the end of the year was 55.
Non-compliances observed are given below.
Friday, 18 August, 2017
Other Departmental Sales
Number of Survey Requisitions Given
Anil Mangala
Follow-up and Monitoring programs for teachers
Meegoda
Pursuant to this resolution of the Second FOC, the First meeting of the Bangladesh-Sri Lanka Joint Working Group (JWG) on Trade was held in Dhaka on 18-19 February 2014.
The Samurdhi Authority was established by Act No. 30 of 1995.
(b) to promote future studies
Progress of Investigation and Operational Division
District Veterinary Surgeon - Kandy
The Citizens Charter which was prepared by mentioning the details on services performed by the District Secretariat and the time taken to achieve the said duties, are displayed in the ground floor.
Development of Hindu Temples and Organizations
The new GSP+ status has opened 100% duty free access for all textile items under HS chapter 61, 62.
Summary of classification of Individual Balances
Implementing and supervising the development activities currently implemented by the Government (Divi Neguma, Gama Neguma, Maga Neguma)
In appointing the following officials out of the 06 members to be appointed by the Minister to the Board of Management, the appointments have been delayed due to difficulties experienced in specifically identifying the organizations pertaining to them.
Tele dramas, Films and Commercial Programme Tax
Submission of the First Supplementary Summary of Accounts
The Company revenue reserve as at 31st December 2013 was Rs. 346.9 Mn.
Post Balance Sheet Events
Cost as at 31.12.2011
(c) The Environmental Impact Assessment Report required to be obtained from the Central Environmental Authority before implementing the activities of the Project as per National Environmental Act, No. 47 of 1980 had not been obtained by the Project even as at 31 December 2018.
Actions have been taken to make aware the participants through the Vocational Training Authority and the Vocational Guidance Service on availability of trainings and job opportunities for them through this Youth Camps.
At present this institute is established at No. 40, Buthgamuwa road, Rajagiriya.
The reconstruction camp of the Ratnapura Mitipola Maha Vidyalaya and a multi-cultural show were organised by the Mitipola Saraswathie Language Association of Eheliyagoda.
Aranery Amutham - 4,000 Copies
Assistant Director (Wagolla)
11. Paying cash for pirith chanting pinkama at the Pelendagoda Ranaviru village on 25 and 26.06.2011
13. People’s Merchant Finance
Translator Service
Follow up remedial action on matters indicated in Auditor General’s report & COPE recommendations.
The power plant is equipped with three 8 MW diesel-powered sets with all the infrastructure.
Administrative Boundaries
In the year 2012 National Design Centre was able to introduce a total number of 380 new designs to craft sectors of which 352 new designs were produced in its own workshop and 28 new designs through the external craftsmen.
(Divisional Secretariatwise Status of Cadastral Surveys)
The Need Assessment Workshop with regard to carrying out technical training on preparation of language plans of the government institutions was conducted with the contribution of the Asia Foundation.
Source: District Land Registrar Office, Kachcheri, Batticaloa
Additions
A rain shelter net house
Further, the Cabinet noted that the Secretary to the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy and the Chairman of the Sustainable Energy Authority have taken action to rectify the deficiencies pointed out in the Auditor General's Report 2011 and the Parliamentary Committee Report on Public Enterprises.
11:1:9 Purchasing a single house or a single housing unit from a storied housing project constructed either by the Government or by the private sector
4.1.3. Progress of the Internal Audit Division-2015
Management Training
11. Summary of Progress
12. Godakawela
These conditions make room for the rapid breeding of micro organisms and insects and it seriously affects the stored grain.
As per the Extra Ordinary Gazette No. 1909/20 dated 06.04.2015, following Departments and Institutions were included the purview of the Ministry of Justice.
Recurrent Expenditure
Ms. M.G.S.P. Pathirana
Sri Lanka attached an equal importance to advancing its commercial interests under the bilateral Free Trade Agreements (FTA) signed with India and Pakistan and the proposed Free Trade Agreements (FTA) with China during the period under review.
Email: info@mohsl.gov.lk
Media awareness (electronic and print)
Capital Grants Received in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards No. 24 have been amortized.
Therefore, there was a decline in the operation result of the year 2011.
2012 Under SLAS
(a) If the lessee does not further maintain the stalls vested in the wholesale traders during the lease period or at the end of the lease period, the Trust should take steps to look into that matter and having taken them over to the Trust, they should be leased out by calling for quotations in accordance with the procurement procedure.
Foreign Aid - Loans
6.1 Appropriation Account should be prepared in the D. G. S. A. 1 format and duly certified.
Ministry/Department:
The number of applications stood remained from the year 2014 due to being issued in 2015 was 75,661.
Minority interest
Contracted District Sports Complexes
The Company is reaping economic benefits from these assets.
During the year, three researchers received their doctorate and four others continue their doctoral studies.
In the year 1946, the Soulbury Commission which came to Sri Lanka in 1944 to submit proposals for new Constitutional reforms, introduced the 1946 Ceylon (Parliamentary Elections) Order in Council on 26th September 1946 constituting laws relating to the registration of electors and the holding of Parliamentary Elections and introduced the Local Authorities Ordinance 1946 in relation to the holding of Local Authorities Elections.
Further, the responsibility of completing the work within the stipulated time should be assigned to the specific officers.
The following staff members were given local training in different fields in the year 2014.
Infrastructure Promotion
National Design Centre and Vidatha Centre - Athuraliya
3.3. Carrying out New Recruitments for the Office Staff
50/9/B, Pubudu Mawatha, Maththegoda, Polgasovita
In line with the above, the task of developing 14 government institutions as Innovative Model Centers in relevance to the implementation of the Official Language Policy was handed over to the Ministry by the National Languages Project operated under the Ministry with the aid of the Canadian Government.
2.3 Conducting Elections of Co-operative Societies / Federations
Utilization of the year 2014
However, all arrangements are in place to commence the project work expeditiously upon identification of a permanent location for the construction of the Police Headquarters.
Business
Conduct studies on the implementation of policies on air quality issues and recommend necessary policy measures
Self–Employment aid programs for single parent families
Information analyzing and explanation
Estimated Amount (Rs. Mn.)
Administration of Justice
Azerbaijan
Further, according to the Consolidated Program Annual Financial Report presented for audit as the financial statement of the Project for the year under review, out of all the sources of funds a total cost of Rs. 139,584 million had been spent as at 31 December 2018 to meet the recurrent and capital expenditure of the educational sector of the Provincial Councils.
Members of the Appeals Advisory Committee are entitled to be present during hearings and may be consulted by the Secretary during hearing.
Physical Improvements in Irrigation Systems of the Mahaweli Authority
Mrs. A.S.P. Weerasuriya
Non-Financial Grants related to assets have been accounted for its financial value and such assets are written off to the income statement during the useful life.
Being elected to the Eastern Province Provincial Council
Port Access Elevated Highway Project - 2018
2. Rural Roads
Stage III - Recording the preferences received by each candidate in the Tally Sheets/ Summary Sheets and calculate the total number of preferences received by each candidate.
Are the letters not clear?
9.5. Transfers out of the Department
75.45 million have been utilized up to the end December 2015. Cumulative Physical
In addition, a Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty with Russia was signed on 28th May 2015 by the Hon. Minister of Justice.
Construction of test bore holes
Sports Hotel
(a) The billed revenue of 12 assessment units in 12 assessment divisions amounted to Rupees 77,512,545. Out of the arrears of revenue amounting to Rupees 44,155,880 as at the end of the year under review, a sum of Rupees 33,094,423 had remained as arrears of revenue for over a period of 01 year.
Mrs. S. A. Godamunne
Strengthening the health care services at the Zia Hospital, Akurana, Kandy
An agreement was signed to build two bulk carriers for the carriage of coal.
I conducted my audit in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if conducted individually or in the aggregate.
4.5 Budgetary Control
(ii) Return on Equity (percentage)
Net Effect Savings / (Excesses)
During the year 2015, 85 audit queries were received and 46 of them were answered by the Auditor General.
Since the submission of a valid identity card has been made compulsory at the time of voting according to the Elections (Special Provisions) Act No. 14 of 2004, enumerators were instructed to make every effort at the enumeration to record the National Identity Card Numbers of persons who have obtained National Identity Cards.
B.The Divisional Secretaries provide their support to coordinate this activity by reporting the completion of the duties of the Grama Niladharies as enumerators in time, and reporting the deficiencies if any, to the District Secretary/ Government Agent.
Note (ii) - Summary of control accounts for Advance and Deposit Accounts - 2014
Location of the Project (Grama Niladhari Division)
Highland crops and Livestock statistics
10.2.4. Mr. E.A. Weerasena, Chief Accountant of the Elections Secretariat attended the Capacity Building Programme for Financial Managers held in the United Kingdom from 21.06.2015 to 01.07.2015.
In order to implement the budget proposal No 368 of 2017 approved by Parliament of Sri Lanka, a Comptroller General's Office has been established and a Comptroller General has been appointed under the Ministry of Finance as per the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers dated 22.02.2017.
Company Secretary
Drivers
3.4 Every Transfer Committee shall take action regarding transfers conforming to the general policies mentioned in Section 4 of this circular subject to Chapter XVIII of Procedural Rules (Volume I) of Public Service Commission published in the Gazette Extra ordinary No.1589/30.
Portable VCRs Preventive Maintenance
Divisional Transport Superintendent
Necessary reports have been forwarded and revealed feasible for implementation if it received full assurance of safety.
Year 2013
Termination benefits are recognized as an expense when the Group has announced a detailed formal plan for the termination to the employees affected and are measured at the estimated expenditure required to settle the obligations at the reporting date.
04-3 Fund Management Account
Senior Deputy Director (Finance)
Labour Tribunals
Quality Infrastructure
Construction and Rehabilitation of Churches and Development of Infrastructure Facilities
Deciding on the required qualifications for the recruitment of people to posts in the Co-operative Societies and determining salary scales relevant to such posts.
Credit Fund for Staff
(f) Whether satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year audit report.
Organization for Rehabilitation of the Handicapped
03. Monetary Compensation
Tax expense
Disposal of fixed assets
1.2.5 Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
Purchase of property, plant & equipment
Preparing budget estimates
Special Advances to Employees of University Grants Commission and Higher Education Institutions Rs. 4000 / - Payment - 2019
The value of the agreement/purchase order entered with outside parties with the aim of procuring goods, services and placed contractual works
Divineguma Development Investment Program
Adjustment to Subsequent Reversal Recognized in the Comprehensive Income
State Loan Interests
Source : Statistics Division, Kachcheri, Batticaloa
67. Moratuwa
The development activities of the Dankotuwa Industrial Estate on a 53 acre land situated at Karanawan Waththa has been completed.
Investment in Associates
Legends say that the place where the children were was Dharmapala.
Signed by
Ports and Investigation Activities
The Corporation had filed a court case on 11 February, 2008 to recover the said amount with the legal interest thereof.
Mr. C.W.K.J.R. Premasiri
CSCL has made an exceptional progress by achieving an after tax profit of Rs. 218.79 million compared to that of Rs.  84.20 million recorded in the previous year.
(ii) Loss of one foot
Hon. Chandrani Bandara, Minister of Women and Children's Affairs, Hon. Vijayakala Maheswaran, State Minister of Children's Affairs, Hon. Ranjan Ramanayake, Deputy Minister of Social Empowerment and Welfare, Mahinda Seneviratne, Secretary to the Ministry of Social Empowerment and Welfare and Chairman of the Governing Council of the National Institute for Social Development and Dr. Ridley Jayasinghe, Director General of the National Institute for Social Development were present on the occasion.
The local and foreign training opportunities provided to the officers of the Institute during the year 2014 are as follows.
November – New Athletic pool
15MVAr at Horana Grid Substation
Senior Deputy Director, NCNDT, AEA - IAEA/RCA Regional Training Course on the Use of Advanced NDE Techniques for In- Service Inspection of NPP and Other Civil Engineering Structures for Life Prediction and Extension
2. Role of the Annual Transfer Committee
A three day residential workshop was organized at the Training and Rural Development Center of the Samurdhi Authority in Nillamba, Peradeniya with a view to developing attitudes, skills and competencies and honing the positive thinking and approach of the staff of the Ministry with the participation of 60 officers including the Secretary.
If there is an Act of Parliament in this regard, details of it:
Cleaning of clothes
If any, those amounts should be taken into account for the preparation of budgetary requirement for 2017.
One Excavation Engineer and one Senior Technical Officer were procured externally from Lanka Phosphate Limited and the Geological Survey and Mines Bureau respectively.
Total of cheques not submitted to the Bank as on 31.12.2019 (If more than 6 months)
Part of the project was funded by Asian Development Bank under the loan scheme number 2518/2519 - SRI (SF) named as "Clean Energy and Access Improvement Project".
Report of the Director of the National Secretariat for Elders - 2012
Dr. H. M. T. G. A. Pitawala
U.S. $ million
Department of Wildlife Conservation
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited(HSBC) and HSBC Colombo Branch
Electrical Technician (1)
Formats of D. G. S. A. 1 to D. G. S. A. 10 and Note (i) to (iv) are available on the web page of the Department of State Accounts www.treasury.gov.lk/ and a soft copy of the same could be obtained from the Director (Macro & Accrual Accounts) of this Department, if required.
This construction was completed and energized in July 2013.
Awareness programs on the preparation of maps for the officers in defense services and university students have been conducted this year too and such programs have been conducted for 14 groups.
Mr. Torin Chandrasekara - Design Development Officer
Calculate the cost reduction of amortization
In addition, the three major cities, Makumbura (Kottawa), Kaduwela and Kadawatha will be developed with road, water and electricity infrastructure, aiming to reap the maximum benefits from the implementation of the Greater Colombo Urban Transport Development Project.
How the number of employees was divided into different sections in the year 2013 - distribution division 03
Supply of Designs Market Facilities
Establishment of an Advisory Council on Law and Order
10.06.2011- at Nagoda Family Care Hospital ,Nagoda for Kalutara district community  members (during  the National Ranaviru month)
Deficiency
T. P. - 0112883713
Follow up action with regard to the implementation of the Official Languages Policy in institutions audited up to 2013.
Minimize audit queries
Usage of Computers and Internet (Divisional Secretariat - Bentota, Nagoda)
Providing facilities for customers to obtain the required goods and services under one roof
Heat
In renovating the Giriulla Nebada road by tarring at a cost of Rs. 1,699,201, although the Secretary of the Sabha had approved the release of retention money of Rs. 169,920 on the relevant recommendations, upon inspection with the Technical Officer of the Sabha on 12 December 2018, a number of pits were found that erupted in a section 20 meters from the beginning of the road.
Human Resource Management
30MVAr at Biyagama Grid Substation
Foreign funded projects and associated domestic fund requirements
Increasing community based corrections orders
The ministry has framed key policies for adoption in management of environment and natural resources of the country.
Implementing programs to provide accurate information and technical knowledge on plant resources in Sri Lanka and various industries related to plant resources using education and communication methods.
Integrated Road Investment Program Phase I
The Musali Regional Superintendent of Health participated as the resource person of this program.
Appropriation Account - 2014
These participants on their return do their own design solutions for the industry's requirements using the knowledge acquired and the development kits supplied to them.
Providing Translation Services for Government & Semi Government Parties & Preparing Glossaries
Reconstruction of Playground - Koolavady, Manmunai North
Liabilities-
A food exhibition by prison inmates who underwent training on cookery was held at the Galle Face Ground on 08th of March 2014 for the first time.
The Project commenced its activities on 27 November 2007 and it was scheduled to be completed by January 2012.
Sale of clothes
Strengthening the capacities of National institutions and actors (state and civic) for policy-making and policy actions.
The direct benefit of this delisting is that Sri Lankan exporters are no longer subject to payment of 15% tax on remittance of their export earnings to Sri Lanka.
Defense Equipment
Poya Live telecast
Shortage of misused assets machinery and equipment
Office Building of the STF Headquarters being constructed
Vibhavi Development Foundation
The estimated extent of the land under rubber replanting / new planting in year 2013 was 10,163 hectares.
The Institute’s income grew by 30.25% in 2013 to Rs. 207.5 million compared with Rs. 159.3 million in 2012.
Mullaitivu Community Development Organization
19th March 02 Days
Cumulative Expenditure as at 31.12.2014 (Rs. Mn.)
Phones
The Aura system should be developed to include the present value of the goods received.
Seminar on Pannisai - Kaluthara
Provision of benefits under the National Natural Disaster Insurance Scheme
Parnandu Dominique Anron
Standard Operating Procedure was introduced by the Task Force to increase identification, referring them to a specialist for advice and enhancing security and it has been approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.
(e) Whether the withdrawals under the Loan had been made in accordance with the specifications laid down in the Loan Agreement,
In terms of Section 3 of the Pradeshiya Sabha’s Act, the matters revealed in respect of the performance of functions of the Sabha such as regulation, control and administration of all matters relating to public health, public utility services and public thoroughfares and generally with the protection and promotion of the comfort, convenience and welfare of the people within the area are as follows.
A sum of Rs.116.83 million payable to the contractors as at 31 December 2018 had been understated by Rs.14.39 million, due to an accounting error.
Basic Procurement Procedure
On 12.07.2016, the Cabinet of Ministers has approved Rs. 300 million for the Anuradhapura, Polonnaruwa and Batticaloa Districts to implement this program as a pilot project in a short period of time from August to December 2016.
Our Values
1 - Quarter
Elle Match - 01
Postal City:
Over two dozen competitors have entered the market where we enjoyed near monopoly thirty years ago.
Six field demonstrations–Rice, Chilli, Onion, Green gram and Groundnut, weed management
Prosperity through Good Governance
(a) An office building which was not included in the initial work plans had been constructed by the Project at a cost of Rs. 162.41 million on a land procured on lease from the Divisional Secretariat of Kollonnawa.
Sri Lanka Port Shipping Services Co-operative Society Ltd.
At Sausiripaya Auditorium
Increase in the number of institutions that have taken steps to improve a friendly work environment and day care facilities for both men and women
Property loan interest
Provisions mentioned in the Annual Transfer Procedure of Combined Service are relevant in this regard.
Increased investment in such sectors reflects the government's intention to obtain loans from subsidized financial sources, such as the World Bank, for investment sectors that take time to reap the benefits, such as climate finance and urban development.
6. Performance of Projects and Programs directly under the Ministry
Giving priority to the aspirations of the department over personal aspirations in line with the high standard of personal integrity.
National Institute of Business Management
(a) All requests for procuring vehicles should be forwarded through the secretary of the respective line ministry along with the duly completed form in Annex I of this circular to the Comptroller General's office of the General Treasury
Biological resources:
Action should be taken to recognize the money deposited in the Bank and credit to the account without delay.
Share account
National Level Co-operative Organisations
Human Resource Development Co-operative Society Ltd.
Awareness Programs for Counselling Teachers on the Distribution of Laugh Tear Boxes
Membrane filtration and processing models to present fruits and vegetable juices as value-added products
University of Colombo
Further, my special thanks go to the Non-Government Organizations for assisting us in numerous ways to improve wellbeing and protection for elders.
Total Amount (Rs.)
Deputy Vice-Chancellor,
An annual action plan had not been prepared for the activities that should be executed according to the by-laws embraced by the Sabha.
It is value Rs 7.65 million.
Package No: CP 02
Total Equity
Ella Wewa Reservoir
To all District Secretaries/ Government Agents
Awareness program for children in orphanages on protection from disasters, accidents, and injuries
18. Renovation of the official residence of the  High Court Judge at Colombo 07
Vulnerable families found
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Providing necessary Ministerial assistance to carry out the institutional activities of the department properly.
Out of the money allocated to the entire department for general capital expenditure, Rs. 4.95 million was allocated to the Royal Botanic Gardens and out of that an amount of Rs. 2.62 million was spent.
The accounting policies have been consistently applied by the Company.
G. P. P. Sarath Kumara
Even though an Action Plan clearly indicating the objectives to be achieved during the planned period together with the responsibilities of the management should be prepared, a plan on the capital expenditure only had been prepared.
However, the financial statements for the year under review had been presented for audit on 18 July 2018.
04. All three persons attached to the project are women.
“4000 local craftsmen were registered with the Handicrafts Board in the year 2011 it has now increased up to 6000 suppliers.”
8.1 Heads of Institutions / Departments should ensure that accurate and complete information in respect of every officer is furnished.
(Coordination for Solutions)
Financial and Physical Performance
(J) Mahara
Supplies
Enumeration
Conducted at Kallady Hindu Culture Centre, Batticaloa from 03.05.2014 to 04.05.2014.
Cash refunded
At the end of the programme, they were made to prepare a draft action plan for the implementation of Gender Sensitization programmes of their respective institutions.
Director-General,
In terms of actual expenditure, the economy grew by 62% at the end of 2015, spending 3.4% in the second quarter, 4.7% in the third quarter and 62% in the fourth quarter.
District Secretariat: Mannar
According to paragraph 2 of the Treasury Circular No. PF/PS/04(XII) of 28 August 2006, if Audit Committee of the Corporation is not in operation, such Committee should be established and ensure that the Committee meets regularly and take follow up action on the recommendation of the Committee.
Arrangements have been made to make  the data base operational in 2012 with the completion of the data survey.
Value as at 31st December 2012
Gross Profit
Non-compliance
One Hundred Day Special Programs
Expenditure heading 5: Financial assistance in emergencies
Reconciliation of Equity
A detailed and acceptable inspection must be performed before each aircraft is accepted.
Contact Form
Mr. Ramalingam Appudurai
06. HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION OF SRI LANKA (AMENDMENT) BILL
Government Payment Scheme
Leaves of Moringa oliefera show anti-lipase, anti-cholesterol and anti-glycation activity.
Buddhist Center - Puttalam
9. Strengthening of the Legal Provisions
2nd inter monsoon and North East monsoon rains were below average rainfall expected for Maha 2014/15 and available water percentage of major reservoirs was around 30%.
Miss J.A.T.P. Jayakody
For this, male students in the current senior student groups of drama and theater schools were used as resource persons.
2.1 Financial Results
Professional and Legal Fees
For a better tomorrow with good governance in the public service
5. Setting out of G.P.S. Control points in Nuwara Eliya, Anuradhapura, and Amparai districts for demarcation surveys of forest boundaries
03. Qualifications: Following officers who hold posts that are entitled for the salary scales of MN-1-2006-A, MN-2-2006A and MT-1-2006A as per Public Administration Circular No. 06/2006 out of the officers who have been formally recruited to posts relating to Information and Communication Technology shall become eligible to apply for this qualifying test.
Russia, Australia, and West Division
Particulars of persons living abroad, dead persons and postal voters were also recorded in the electoral registers provided to the Senior Presiding Officers of the polling stations with the expectation of preventing fraud voting.
Special Prgrammes
This was funded by a commercial loan issued by a local state bank with the Government Guarantee.
8.	Industrial Administrator
Priorities of the Institution
Apart from this, all the financial administration and accounting activities of the Tribunal are carried out by the Secretariat of the Labour Tribunal except for the Chairpersons of the Labour Tribunals, the Institutions and other administrative matters and the payment of salaries and allowances of the entire staff including the Chairmen of the Tribunals of Labour.
Provincial breakdown of new beneficiaries
Minor earth tremors (sometimes reservoir induced) are also experienced but no significant damages have been reported.
Mr. A. U. D. Perera
Our Environmental Policy
Comparative note on the number of registered voters by electorate 2014 - 2015
According to the folklore, with the expulsion by Prince Vijaya after he had taken another princess from India, Kuveni and her children lived in the Paramakanda area of Thonigala.
Mr. R. A. A. K.  Ranawaka
Namely, Student Registration module (Internal & External), Examinations module (Internal & External), Employee Information module, Payroll & Accounts module, Library module, Stores module and Official Web Site.
2. SDG Domains:
3000 Copies of each1st and 2nd edition of “ Gopuram” which consists of information about the Department have been published and distributed and 1000 copies of each 1st and 2nd edition of “Panpadu” which is department research book have also been printed and distributed.
Project: KT 01
37. Events after the Reporting Date
Hence leasing of lands has become a complexed matter today.
Whether the resources of the Fund had been procured and utilized economically, efficiently and effectively within the time frames and in compliance with the applicable laws
Last Updated on Tuesday, 22 May 2012, 07:36
RAS/6/062
Non operative accounts should also be disclosed.
Management Team
4. Programmable Logic Controller Course-2013 (4)
Multi-Sectoral (including Regional Development)
National Council for Elders National, Secretariat for Elders
1.6 Auditor’s Responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Statements
Kuruwita,
The six transmission projects, viz.
These two varieties were selected for Variety Adaptability Trial.
In view of converting the Department of Elections to the Election Commission with effects from 17.11.2015, steps were taken to obtain approval of the Management Services Department for a separate staff to carry out the activities of the Election Commission and to attach all staff, who were serving in the Department of Elections, to the Election Commission.
(i) Other revenue received in advance as at the end of the year under review amounting to Rupees 77,549 had been shown as Rupees 341,033 in the financial statements.
According to the Fiscal Policy Circular No: 01/2010, the national authorities, namely the Commissioner General of Inland Revenue, Director General of Customs and Commissioner General of Motor Traffic have been directed to transfer the collected revenue to the provinces on the following basis.
1. Role and the Structure of the Department of Co-operative Development
Sinhala, English
The development of new attitudes on the disabled persons in Sri Lanka has been gradually arisen following the declaration of 1981 as the International Year of Disabled Persons (IYDP).
For Administrative Officer
2015 Yala
Amaradasha Ananda
It is proposed to inform the District Secretaries, Director Planning and Divisional Secretaries about this program at the beginning of the year and implement it more efficiently.
Construction of Korale Pattu North Health Center
Remittances to Provincial Councils
Cultivation of other field crops
Hadunge Sosindra Nandana
Accordingly, the Commissioner of Elections declared that all the nominations received were accepted as they were handed over in terms of the provisions of the Presidential Elections Act No. 15 of 1981.
Therefore, it was essential to provide training in the development of attitudes, skills and competencies so as to be able to achieve the general vision of the Ministry.
My main objective is to fulfill the economic, social and spiritual needs of all the people living in the rural, semi-urban and urban areas and to improve the quality of life by addressing the issues that hinder their survival.
Montenegro
Deputy Director General (Production Services)
A comprehensive Training on drafting legislation in the English Language was launched in December 2014.
Promotion of new products
Thus, a number of high quality items in modern designs have been introduced and will be showcased for sale at the newly refurbished Laksala institute, including Ceramics, leather, handloom, batik, reed related products, as well as the new handicrafts suited to the current market requirements.
Mr. V. K. H. Kolitha
Long term Groundwater Monitoring of the Coastal Sandy Aquifer Extending from Colombo to Negombo
3. Carrying out of control surveys for step 3, step 4B of Southern High Way Project
Deficiencies observed during the course of the audit were brought to the notice of the Council (Sabha) from time to time and special attention is needed in respect of the following areas of systems and control.
2.2. Tendency Analysis of the Main Income and Expenditure Items
Importance of Records Management
Irregular appointment to the Grade II of Sri Lanka Education Administrative Service.
Work in progress (Note 12.1)
The activities of the Board were constantly reviewed at these meetings.
NTV channel
Further, the main procurement activities for consultancy services for construction supervision and civil works, etc., as per the Master Procurement Plan had not been completed even as at 31 May 2018.
Following are such translations made and provided within this year.
Senior Assistant Director (Astronomy)
Rs. (million)
Arawgoda Mudiyanselage Dharmasiri
21.02 Metre
Every attempt will be practiced in minimizing the expenditure.
Moreover, a comprehensive report containing the financial & physical progress of all development projects were submitted to the Department of National Planning and the Department of Budget.
Direct
Festival Advance
Held to Maturity Investments
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1.3 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Narammala Pradeshiya Sabha as at 31 December 2017 and its financial performance for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
The role of the Social Security Board of Sri Lanka is to ensure the implementation of the government's social security policies and to ensure that pensions and social security benefits are available to citizens who are not entitled to a state pension.
Four Gravets
Cost value as at 31.12.2014
Annexure 1
Source–Department of Christian Religious Affairs
However, the arrears to be paid for the promotions and replacement of the previous posts were accelerated within a short period of four months.
Air photographs of 940 sq.km. have been taken in the year 2014 by Cessna Golden Eagle aircraft.
DCD is a chemical added to the lawn to reduce greenhouse gases and nitrogen accessing water ways.
Herath Mudiyanselage Thissa Bandara Herath
Capital Expenditure
Mr.Rohan Pethiyagoda
Volleyball
Accordingly, the development activities constructed this year have been documented.
11. Monaragala
Accordingly, an increase in the number of Members of Parliament by one each in No. 8 – Matara Electoral District and No. 10 - Jaffna Electoral District was indicated while a decrease in the number of Members of Parliament by one each was indicated in No. 19 - Badulla Electoral District and No.20 - Moneragala Electoral District in the year 2014.
Inter - Ministerial Contribution to the Rehabilitation of Prisoners
2.19 Employee benefits
(a) Assets are being revalued as soon as and when the process is over and action will be taken to account for the same.
Established 05 model cities
Weaknesses in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the Chairman of the Company from time to time.
Cape Verde
Construction of Office Buildings & Other Buildings
Batticaloa
Rs. 80,000.00 (Per Family Unit)
Presidential Task Force for Trilingual Sri Lanka
Under stage II, it has been proposed to divert water in Walawe basin to the Malalaara basin by constructing a weir at upstream of Walawe reservoir.
Application for Training Workshops (RDTRI)
Long term receivables
Walapane
The proposed database system will include the following information which will be incorporated in 3 stages.
The themes required for news, including all the graphic dealings, are performed by the Graphic Unit.
Supplied furniture to Music Unit.
Vidatha Centre - Athuraliya
Accountant (D/Sec. - Finance)
I am proud to say that even today communities such as Sinhalese, Tamils, Muslims, Malay and Portuguese (Burghers) live in harmony even though they follow different religions.
02.Systematic plantation at medicinal plants
Sri Lanka National Front
Rs. 254.00 Mn
Since the cash book was not furnished to the audit, the Auditor calculated the cash balance as at 31 December 2016 based on the summary of cash receipts, payments and opening cash balance of the year under review.
Calcium Chloride
The decrease in cost of sales resulted in a decline in commercial printing revenue too.
Mayor
Management of Commitments
National Institute of Languages Education and Training
The following operational scenarios were also applied in the formulation and implementation of 2014 Budget.
The period under review is the 3rd Contract Year of the Contract of Affreightment signed between CSCL and the Lanka Coal Company (Pvt) Ltd. in March 2010.
Labour Tribunals are established in the following areas.
Categories
3/12 – 6/12/2013 To participate at the 20th Session of the Asia- Pacific Regional Space Agency Forum (APRSAF – 20)
Even though this amount is correct, the expenditure incurred by Thelijja Sri Lanka Institute has not been included in the expenditure file and therefore, the amount was shown as Rs. 0.791Million.
Note (i)
As At 31 March 2012
Mr. Aburan Mudiyappu/ Mrs. R. P. D. Ukku
Batticaloa -Trincomalee Road
(Mullathive, Kilinochchi, Mannar, Baticaloa, Trincomalee, Ampara, Badulla Nuwara Eliya Districts)
Estimate (Rs.)
Even though the expenses on cleaning service and salaries of workers are not varied (monthly), expenses on water and electricity will be varied.
According to the information made available for audit, out of this, 116 dishonored cheques valued at Rs. 4,693,656 had been outstanding for more than one year.
Gathering of the officers of the Combined Services Division to finalise the works regarding the Transfer Committees and to submit them to the Director General of Combined Services for final decision
Profit from operation
12 Days non residential Courses for public officers
This is an increase of Rs. 2.5 million compared to the previous year.
Number of names removed
Under SLAS
In the midst of significant increases in domestic energy prices, far-sighted financial management and improved domestic food supply resulted in a gradual decline in headline inflation while core inflation was controlled at its lowest levels.
Land & Buildings
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF LANGUAGE EDUCATION
Rasnayahkepura
This Court deals with Muslim marriages in accordance with their customs
Out of which, 03 houses have been constructed for the following persons.
Approved on 05.11.2012
(a) The value of 12 items which had been received as donations and 7 lands consisted in the Register of Fixed Assets had not been assessed and accounted for.
Mr. B. A. Jayasinghe
School Level (Up to grade five)
District Development 2014
(Form No. 1)
Assets classified as current assets on the reporting date are cash and those which are expected to realize in cash, during the normal operating cycle of the Authority’s business or within one year from the Reporting Date.
In addition, three officers receiving salary from the Board had been released contrary to the above provision to external institution.
Elpitiya Amugoda Walla Stream
Madampe Senanayake College - Puttalam
Sri Lanka Squash Federation
Salary Structure of the Public Service - 2016
Ministry / Department
Thailand
(a) An officer who has completed 05 years’ service at a popular service station can apply again to serve at a popular service station only if he has completed 15 years’ service out of a popular service station.
The objectives of the Project are to improve selected urban services and public urban spaces in the Participatory City Regions of Sri Lanka.
Development of a software system under the supervision of the Authority
On exports Rs.
4. Financial Management
Stores (STO)
Accounting Deficiencies
The present status of a survey request can be searched according to the number and the type of survey request, Divisional Secretariat, Divisional Survey Office, project, name of the surveyor or the institution the survey request has been made to.
v. Access should be done only with Prior Informed Consent and on mutually agreed terms
A supplementary Loan Agreement No. 2767 – SRI of US$ 85 million equivalent to Rs.9,350 million had also been signed by the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka with Asian Development Bank on 04 October 2011.
Statement of Liabilities and Commitments
Road Development Authority - Outer Circular Highway Project
Attending Public Complaints which referred to the Legal Division
National Secretariat for Elders (NSE)
Its inaugural ceremony will be held on June 4, 2016 at 9.30 am with the patronage of Mr. N. H. M. Chithrananda, Puttalam District Secretary and Mrs. Gauri Vasudevan, Director (Training) of the National Institute of Social Development at the auditorium of the District Secretariat Office.
Real Economy
(b) Special Law Services Warrant No 3 of 2015 for Special Law Services
Further, guidelines on obligation management has issued by the Treasury through the Budget Circular No. 03.2014 on 18.08.2014 on Guidelines on preparation of Budget Estimates for 2015.
These training programs are being implemented with the support of an External and Internal Training Resource Board which is highly skilled in the field of training and the training programs for the year 2017 are as follows.
Protecting and promoting the rights of the elderly persons
Corporation share of EPF
Fingerprinting training workshop for those Grama Niladharis
Divisional Secretariat - Manmunai North
Department of Agriculture Project, Gannoruwa (Industrial Services Division)
It is informed that action will be taken to obtain the assessment of the monthly rent as soon as possible and to recover the rent of the shop from the date of receipt of the key thereof.
It was observed that 18 Budget Line Activities had not been implemented as at 31 December 2017 and as a result, the allocation amounting to Rs. 56.65 million made thereon had not been utilized.
(d) Contract Administration
Number and Date of the relevant Gazette
Despite a large number of construction requirements and the large allocation of funds for the Department, civil engineering and construction work is carried out lethargically, and an engineering unit equipped with systematic structure has become a dire necessity for the Police Department.
Mrs. W. G. Gunawathi
For Further Details
(d) Assets Control
Concessionary loans are also available for the present members of the Armed forces and the police, The Loans percentages are: Army 40%, Navy 15%, Air Force15%, police 25%.
Sri Jayewardenepura General Hospital
Ruwanwella Water Supply Project
Magnesium Sulphate
Supervise internal administration and establishment activities
2.2.1. In the 1980s and 1990s, while still functioning as the Department of Elections, political parties and the general public expressed views about the need of an Election Commission to further ensure the conduct of free and fair elections.
With the convenience of the Christian devotees and the clergy in mind, Department allocates provisions for the work involving the construction of new Churches and the development of existing Churches.
The final draft has been received from the Legal Draftsman’s Department.
Peru
Capital Provisions
5. Small Business Development Division
Industrial Division, Ministry of Industrial Development
Furniture and Office Equipment
Government (through LLTL owned company) projects to develop the indigenous defense-related industries
Taking into account the special attention paid to this issue nationally and internationally, the Sri Lanka Police implemented a number of programs and projects under the guidance and direction of the Ministry with the assistance of other relevant parties.
After thorough analysis of requests made by State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) and considering their conformity with government policies, recommendations were made by Department of Public Enterprises (PED) to MOFP.
In order to achieve the above objectives, the National Livestock Development Board issues livestock to farmers, livestock producers' associations, various NGOs, Samurdhi recipients as well as public and private sector projects for high quality animal breeding needs at concessional rates.
It is the Management's responsibility to determine the ability to continue the company as a going concern.
Participants
Office building maintenance
Support the offices that needs to abide on copyright and intellectual property as stated by the International Convention on Intellectual Property and Copyright of the World Intellectual Property Office (WIPO)
D. G. S. A. 2 - Appropriation Account by Program - 2015 (for each program)
At the local level: FLICT conducts its activities in 5 pilot districts, Amparai, Badulla, Galle, Mullaitivu and Puttlam, in coordination with the,District Secretariats, Divisional Secretariats and Provincial Councils Offices, alongside conducting activities with selected Community-Based Organisations.
Length (km): 14.0
Luxembourg
Launching a Prison School to provide a systematic education under the direct supervision of the Ministry of Education for the prisoners who miss the opportunities of education within the premises of the Open Prison at Watareka.
Udapalatha Gampola
Memorandum of Association on the establishment of BIMSTEC Permanent Secretariat
This documentary is called “Basin Debasata" (From Language to Dialog).
Deputy Food Commissioner/ Assistant Food Commissioner
Children in orphanages
National Environment (Emissions, Fuel and Vehicle Import Standards) Regulations
Measurement and Standard Activities
Seven university students completed their in-plant training at the institute.
Construction of flyovers at Rajagiriya, Ganemulla, and Polgahawela
Drug, Equipment, Cosmetics and Drug Store Registration Fees
Middle-Level Technical Staff
Financing (code number)
Prepared by
A Road Map for the effective implementation of the Official Language Policy, is required to obtain the valuable contribution of all government institutes, including all ministries and departments.
(2002 = 100) - Annual Average Nominal wage rate index for workers in all wages boards
There are 36 vacancies in the District Secretariat and Divisional Secretariats despite having 132 approved staff belonging to the Public Management Assistants' Service.
Directing Drug Addicts to the Rehabilitation Centre at Kandakadu in Polonnaruwa District for Rehabilitation.
Ministry of Religious Affairs
(i) Separate object was not introduced for bank charges until 2012 and it was debited to the object of postal and electricity for years.
General Meeting - Ridibendi Ela Scheme
6. Rural Road Development
For Aranery school students of Badulla and Batticaloa Districts seminars on pannisai was conducted at Lunugala on 20.12.2014.
Out of that, the balances of 22 creditors accounts totalling Rs. 3,983,599 had not been confirmed.
As a result of the investigations and raids carried out with the commitment and assistance of the regional set up of the Sri Lanka Police and the Police Special Task Force, the following corruption-related offences and statutory offences have been detected.
Way of conducting geological surveys
Note - 21
Table 5
For the Project Director
25 Training on Accounting Public Management Assistants
Those officers had been attached to tertiary sector.
The Government of Spain and the Spanish BBVA Bank
Annual average price
Social Welfare
Potassium
Storage management
Anuradhapura    01
6.5.7 Sum of money sent to the General Treasury
01. Inadequacy of remaining service period of most of the medical relief applicants being an obstacle in releasing loans.
Guidelines for the preparation of Budget Estimates for 2015
The Tenth Session of the Joint Commission for Economic Cooperation, both sides between the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka was held in Tehran on 14-15 January 2015.
It is hoped that this copyright declaration will not preclude the bona fide use of its research findings in agricultural research and development.
This includes Mannar 132/33 kV Grid Substation, Vavuniya-Mannar 132 kV transmission line, Kegalle Grid Substation, Thulhiriya-Kegalla 132 kV Transmission line, New Polpitiya-Padukka-Pannipitiya 220 kV Transmission Line and New Polpitiya and Padukka 220 kV Switching Stations, and Padukka-Athurugiriya-Kolonnawa 132 kV transmission line.
Preparation of FOs final accounts
2013/269 - 6 Ampara
The Election Commission consists of three members and one of them has to be appointed as the Chairman.
At district level, certificates and cash awarded to 161 students got first place and received Rs.3000 per each, 144 students got second place and received Rs. 2000 per each and 129 students got third place and received Rs. 1000 per each.
05. Cash Flow Statement
Amount paid
This loan agreement, which values USD 77 million is expected to be signed in 2015.
Financial Statements - 2018
At present, only lodging facilities are available here.
Payment of Civil Pensions and Computation
In addition to improving efficiency and reliability after completion of the project, the capacity of the system will also increase.
Sustainable Development Goals
3.3.2 Idle Assets
(I) Kotte
Leaders of the Member States, during the last 16th SAARC Summit held in April 2010 in Bhutan, signed the SAARC Framework Agreement on Trade in Services (SATIS).
Earnings from agricultural exports increased by 8.2% to a value of US $ 2,794 million in 2014 led by exports of coconut products, tea and certain minor agricultural products.
Statement of Cash Flow for the Year Ended 31 March
9.4.2. Mr. K.J.S. Madhawa of Class III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service, who was serving in the Anuradhapura District Elections Office, was appointed as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Kurunegala District Elections Office with effect from 02.04.2015
Shall be a resident at the relevant address.
16. 26th Youth Sports Festival
Motorcycles
Need to monitor the work of the contractor closely to complete the activities within extended period of the Project.
Sorghum
Anuradhapura Integrated Urban Development Project - 2018
Work in Progress of Buildings & Structures
(d) Stores Control
Director of Social Services
F1 hybrids for National Coordinating Variety Trial
Provision Receipts
Organizing trade, investment and tourism delegations to visit Sri Lanka and vise versa to explore business opportunities.
Northern  1,830,000 5
Progress of the Small Business Development Unit
4.1.19. Disaster relief services carried out in the year 2015
Even though 02 years had elapsed after having prepared a by-law in respect of three wheelers parking and furnished to the Department of Local Government, the approval thereon had not been received.
Accordingly, the revenue over the recurrent expenditure of the previous year was Rs. 17,727,479.
What to receive from the staff
Maintenance and other expenses in that regard have been indicated in the Authority's Income and Expenditure Statement.
Shall be a holder of Higher Diploma in Accountancy or Commerce from the Sri Lanka  Technical College / Sri Lanka Institute of Advanced Technological Education
At present, first batch of students are following the Higher Diploma in Agro-technology and others are following the Diploma.
I would like to inform you that the proficiency level in other official language as determined for the posts stated therein, in terms of the Public Administration Circular 01/2014 shall be as mentioned in Column 5 of the above noted schedule.
The value of bags of cement misplaced amounted to Rs. 163,578.
2.11 Trade Receivables
Abeyratne Victor Kapil Wickramanath
Green Reporters' Forums was held to appraise and recognize the Best Green Reporter of the year
such date being “a date falling on a Saturday” and being “a date not less than five weeks or more than eight weeks” from the date of publication of the notice.
Unpaid Festival Advances
Net loss before income tax and specialized items
VI. Investment in Associates
(b) Failure to achieve the desired output levels
According to the Parliamentary Elections Act, No. 1 of 1981, from the date of publication in the Gazette of the Proclamation on which the President shall dissolve the Parliament specifying the nomination period and the date on which the poll shall be taken,
ITI Electro Technology Laboratory has nominated the Accreditation status of Electro Technology laboratory as the first laboratory in Sri Lanka to obtain accreditation, in the fields of noise and vibration measurements.
Even though the Galle District belongs to the South-West area of Sri Lanka, it belongs to the wet zone in low country in accordance with the land inconsistencies and rainfall.
A Clause regarding the revision of the lease rent during the 50 years had not been included in the Agreement.
Kilinochchi 48
Diploma in Sports is the major annual course which is conducted by the National Institute of Sports Science.
Officers attached to the Samurdhi Authority
Bhora Community Kurunegala Sainthamaruthu
Due to the application of SLFRS standards certain accrued expenses have been written back and adjusted to retained earnings at the date of transition.
3.22 The officer who served the maximum period of service in the popular service station and satisfied the requirements indicated in sub sections 3.20 and 3.22 can be transferred to fulfill the request for a transfer which is made by an officer serving in an unpopular service station.
Recycling of discarded vehicles
Activities synonymous with sports as hunting, archery, aquatic sports, testing of bodily strength and conducting competitions by using beasts of burden and other animals took place in the past.
Member’s  remuneration
Maintenance of daily attendance marking system at the head office
Badulla District
Total Comprehensive Income
07. Mr. D. L. P. Dias
Three officers representing Sinhala, Tamil and Muslim nationalities were employed daily to provide explanations to the people.
Annexure No
Out of the total mobilization advances aggregating Rs. 1,237 million granted to the contractors, a sum of Rs 161.50 million had remained outstanding over 03 years.
Several special items of work as indicated below were also planned and implemented successfully during the year.
12 Reinstatements
This one-day course is designed for managers who are responsible for developing and planning document management services, and wanting to improve skills.
12. Construction of Elpitiya Courts Office
Repair of chairs in the judges' lounge
4. Three wheal loan
Coordinating the implementation of the activities in relation to the pilot projects identified by the Ministry,
Profit /(loss) for the taxation
Walave Super Cross,
Weligama Store
Library books
According to the impairment policy established, customers are reviewed individually to measure the impairment loss.
Amount of Work Done at the Deyata Kirula Exhibition Grounds
Public Relations Office
Motor Traffic
-Same-
A circular in respect of this has been prepared and will be issued to schools by the Ministry of Education.
5.1.1 Implementation of the Title Registration Act and the Expansion of the Bimsaviya Programme
Government Grant - Capital
Located in the Homagama polling division of the Colombo district, near Godagama town between the Meegoda Railway Station and the Meegoda Town.
Pro-Poor Eastern Infrastructure Development Project:
Distribution of Compensation for Real Estate Acquired by the Government under the Buddhist Temples and Shrines Act, on the recommendation of the Commissioner-General of Buddhist Affairs
The total revenue has increased by 8 percent in 2014.
Baba Juhara Cassim
(ii) Electrical and Electronics Division
Sri Lanka Institute of Development Administration (SLIDA) – Basic English Course
4. Norochcholai - Phase II
Other Receipts
Preparation of Printed detailed estimates with the background information concerning all relevant spending heads
Savings / Excess
The Budget 2014 was mainly based on the Development Policy Framework of the Government and on the strategies identified therein.
2,140 applications have so far been received.
Grain Surveyor
Ministry of Sports
The following projects were commenced in 2014 under Chinese funds.
The Ministry's role in the field of environment can be considered under 03 major categories namely,
Football Match - 01
4.1.12. The Progress of Land Registrar Activities - 2015
5.5 Establishing and promoting language circles at school level and implementing school programmes via said circles.
Horticultural Crop Research and Development Institute - Gannoruwa
Mr. N. A. Jayasooriya
The details of the Language classes through Language Associations are as follows.
Holding examinations including preparation of question papers for recruitment of book binders and relevant efficiency bar examinations for other departments
Reference No. of Scheme of Recruitment/ Service Minute 3
Interest and commitment charges amounting to Rs. 55.78 million and Rs. 24.50 million respectively recovered by the Lending Agency up to 31 December 2015 had not been brought to account.
Research and Development Fund
(Admin)
The Mapiya Surekuma programme for the benefit of Ranaviru parents is operative under the Economic Development Division Initial work such as providing necessary information and selection of beneficiaries is the responsibility of the Ranaviru community  and Provincial Officers This also covers compilation of information needs for the voted programme.
Deficiencies in preparation of estimates
Temperature (Degrees Celsius)
Ratnapura,
All participants took hands on experience about the mountain ecosystem.
Fee for publishing the Annual High Court Certificate to Notaries
New appointments-  Ms. K. P. R. D. Karunanayake (Public Management Assistant )- 2015.09.15
It is assured that measures have been taken to present fair financial statements by designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Financial Status
Mrs. Malkanthi Jayawardena – Director, Armed Forces and Police Welfare Division
Disaster Risk Management Project
Though, the actions were taken by the Institute for carrying out 55 English languages classes for civil society, under the Language Associations National Campaign it was unable to precede due to unavoidable circumstances.
106,945 kilograms of organic fertilizer had been produced up to September of the year under review.
About 60 government officials
Participants were briefed on the activities to be implemented by the Ampara District Water Resources Board.
Mechanical Ventilation Method
Related to bank regulation by conducting five national Bank Regulatory Committee meetings.
Vehicles over 10 years old from the date of registration will be allowed to be disposed of under this Circular.
Rotherham Circuit Meet, Motor Competitions - live telecast from Katukurunda for 07 hours.
Computer networking system
Amount (Rs.)
Providing maintenance and repair services on the request of the Management Corporation.
Vocational Counseling Programme for the Vocational Instructors
(ii) The Log Book and the Register of Fuel of one craft had not been produced for the audit.
Date Completed /Due to be completed
In collaboration with the District Secretariat and the Divisional Secretariats, all the service providers, branches and all the officers worked with full commitment.
Program Services (Capital Expenditure)
Forty nine per cent of the total capital employed amounting to Rs. 785 billion of the Board as at 31 December 2013 had been financed through borrowed funds.
01. Training Programme for Office Work Assistant
6.1 Government Analyst's Department
Oil Seeded Crops
Construction of electricity stalls - 03
Panadura sea shore
There is a single contractor and he has been awarded three contracts so far, the project management decided to split the remaining packages into several low value packages as the contractor did not have the capacity to execute another similar contract.
Having taken the facts mentioned in paragraph 2 above into consideration,Establishments Circular Letter No 234 dated 09.03.1977 and Public Administration Circular No 379  dated 25.09.1987 which have been issued regarding other educational qualifications to be included in the Schemes of Recruitment
The medium term macro-fiscal framework for 2019-2021 in the main includes the rationalization of recurrent expenditure and prioritization of capital expenditure, while enhancing government revenue mobilization along the envisioned path of fiscal consolidation of the Government.
(To be referred to Column 6 of the D. G. S. A. -3)
Location
In order to meet this liability, a provision is carried forward in the balance sheet, based on a half a month's salary of the last month of the financial year in respect of all employees for each completed year of service, commencing from the first year of service.
Although a decrease in cadre requirement was expected in line with the introduction of new methods and procedures of modern technology, an increasing trend has been shown in requesting new cadre positions.
However, the respective report had been referred to a public corporation for reviewing purposes at a cost of Rs. l5.18 million.
2.1.1. Main Objectives of the Department
The Staff
4.1 Budgetary control
The Head of the Boathouse failed to produce that vessel for physical examination and to explain about the officer appointed to act for that officer as the officer in charge of the vessel had gone on leave.
Meerigama,
5. Assessment and Apportionment of Funds to the Provinces - 2016
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
It can recycle 10 metric tons of waste per day and has a capacity of about 20,000 metric tons and can be used for a period of 10-15 years.
Purchase of office equipment
Total number of beneficiaries
to PED
2. Number of Successful Raids
They are Kuruwita, Navadun, Atakalan, Kukulu, Kadawathamada and Kolonna Korales.
Asian Championship,
5.3 Procurement Plan
ANNUAL TRANSFER PROCEDURE (COMBINED SERVICES)
Certificate Course
Key Performance Indicators to Achieve Gender Equality & Empower All Women & Girls
General Manager - People's Bank
It was observed that there was a 24 percents savings in the Rs. 30 million allocations the Provincial Ministry of Agriculture to execute the corporate social responsibility in the year under review.
Amount Rs.
I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Renovation of the electric fence
In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the Project’s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Project’s internal control.
A needs assessment will be done in the year 2015
a) Sale  of  Cement
1.3 Objectives
(iv) Although Rs. 10,000 each was expected to distribute among 100 Divisional Secretariats on behalf of the commemoration of the International Elders Day - 2012, the said activity was limited only for 50 Divisional Secretariats due to lack of the provisions.
Mr. P.W.A. Chaminda Jayalath
Repair & Maintenance - Others
Special Identity Card application for buddhist monks
Mr. Gamini Rathnayaka
Providing consultancy services required for the correction of computer errors of the computers and computer accessories in the head office
(b) Salary to be paid in terms of Schedule II: Rs.
Information on Income and Expenditure of Kataragama Circuit Bungalow
The prime objective of establishing this committee is to implement more practically the policies and programmes of the Ministry, Sri Lanka Police as well as the Special Task Force with the active contribution of the other institutions and Ministries.
Describe the balance shown in above 5, as follows.
03, 04 April
(a) 1988 Pradeshiya Sabha (Finance and Administration) Rules
The total amount of forecast revenue under the above two sources is deducted from the assessed recurrent needs.
Out of the receivable accounts balances as at 31 December, 2017 amounting to Rs. 32,807,890, the balances unsettled for over one year amounted to Rs. 12,974,366.
Profits from the sale of depreciated assets
In order to reach the optimum levels of socio development goals, a society with law abiding and virtuous citizens has to be created.
Accordingly, a payment of  1 million USD was made by the private company and the arrears due by the corporation were delayed due to financial constraints.
Balance as at 31.12
Recurrent Expenditure Pattern (Rs. Million)
Bamboo & Cane
Allowance for citizens over 70 years of age
United States National Cancer Institute
Percentage in Production of National Identity Cards by persons with respect to each year
The Development Partners of the Middle East such as the Saudi Fund for Development, the OPEC Fund for International Development, the Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development and the Islamic Republic of Iran provide financial assistance to Sri Lanka in line with institutional priorities inherent for them and particularly the Saudi Fund for Development and the OPEC Fund for International Development, have also paid attention to alleviate poverty.
Even though an extension of 90 days had been allowed, the work had been completed only on 12 December 2012.
The scope of the audit also extended to examine as far as possible, and as far as necessary the following.
Physical progress of Dharmaraja slope stabilization is 68% and financial progress is 40%.
Joint venture companies between the Government (through LLTL) & overseas strategic / technology partners
4.1 Provision for Gratuity
The primary role of the Department of External Resources is to mobilize the foreign financial resources required by the country under low risk and favorable terms and conditions.
III. Business Consulting (Clinic)
Hearing Impairment
License Fees (Other)
The Company is liable to pay Lakdhanavi Limited an additional sum of US $ 2,000,000 for each remaining year of the term or pro rata for part of term upon the early termination of this Agreement.
Annex 37
RS 3 - 2016
District Sports Officer
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards and for such internal control as what the Board determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error.
Following the 2015 Action Plan, the company achieved 8% growth in the 2nd quarter, 32% growth in the 3rd quarter and 99.5% financial growth in the last quarter.
Language Development Programs
IV Deposits
Our Values
Training,
Click here to go Official website of Southern Transport Development Project
The analytical work under this component will serve as a basis for future climate resilience investments and will help the GOSL to understand risk and adopt the required risk mitigation measures.
Name of the Party
Construction of Counselling Service Centers and Employing of Instructors at Divisional Secretariat Level
05 D/AD
2.Alawathugoda
Within the year 2014, money incurred in this regard was Rs. 5191443.60.
Second and final supplementary summary of accounts should be submitted to the Department of State Accounts after inclusion of correction of errors still remaining in accounts pertaining to the year 2015 to the CIGAS program
The costs amounting to Rs. 41.05 million incurred on service connections by the Ceylon Electricity Board expected to recover from the Donor Agency had been shown inappropriately under the capital employed by the Ceylon Electricity Board in the statement of financial position.
Publications, Presentations, & Patents
Comments of the Accounting Officer
If it is found that such leave have been spent for any other purpose, disciplinary action shall be taken against the officer.
Emergency Project for conflict-affected areas
Punchi Banda Dissanayaka
Maho Grid Substation
Advertisements appearing in Sunday Observer ADZ Magazine are listed weekly in adz.lk, under the key categories such as Automobile, House & Property, Computer, Phones, and Health etc.
Number of targeted places of worship
North-East Local Government Improvement Project
The Board received foreign aid and capital grants for power generation, transmission and distribution programs, including rural power supply programs, as long-term contribution capital.
During the Botanical Survey, 08 field explorations (04 one day, 02 three days, 01 four days and 01 five days) were carried out.
(Should have been identified when transferring funds.)
04 Months
Other Technologies Transfered from ITI
Deyata Sevana National Tree Planting Programme
When a rubber plantation in a registered rubber land exceeded 20 years, such land is qualified to receive a permit for replanting under the subsidy scheme.
3. Bilateral Trade and Economic Co-operation
Hon. State Minister of Higher Education & Highways
Mrs. Ekanayake who joined the Sri Lanka Administrative Service in 1985, has served as Secretary, Ministry of Social Services, Welfare and Livestock Development (2015), Additional Secretary, Ministry of Technology and Research (2011-2015), Additional Secretary, Ministry of Cultural Affairs (2007-2011) and as Senior Assistant Secretary, Ministry of Cultural Affairs and National Heritage (2005-2007) and Senior Assistant Secretary – Ministry of Samurdhi (2000 – 2002)
Qualifying payments
No trainings to assist the smallholder tea cultivators had been conducted as at 31st December 2018 by the Promoter Company.
The Department of Commerce (DOC), with the assistance of the Commercial Officers based in Sri Lankan Missions abroad and other Business Supporting Organizations in Sri Lanka, carried out an array of activities to further expand and diversify international markets for Sri Lankan exports.
By-laws should be enacted as required and action should be taken in accordance with the by-laws enacted.
Action should be taken in compliance with the instructions stipulated in the Circular.
4.3.1.2 Modern Power Electronics
An annual budget should be prepared in terms of the Circular.
5.4.2 D. G. S. A. - 3
The Department of Pensions, based on the details mentioned in I (a),(b) above, should report to the General Treasury through the monthly accounts summary by accounting the records in relation to the settlement of the loan balance of any officer at the time of the payment of retirement pension /Death Gratuity.
Procurement Plans
Light Equipment Fault repairs
Expenditure up to 30.09.2015 (Rs.)
Your message:
The responsibility is to provide files promptly at the request of officers for purpose of administrative, legal or any other official matter.
The functions assigned to the Ministry are given below for your information.
As per the Loan Agreement, the estimated total cost of the Project was US$ 35.41 million equivalent to Rs 4,632 million, agreed to be financed by the Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development.
Sri Lanka committee for the International network on Water and Ecosystem in paddy fields (SLNWEPF) hosted the 12th International Steering Committee along with a remarkable INWEPF symposium 2015 at Jetwing Blue Hotel Negombo.
MT 2 - 2016
I certify that the above information presented by me is true and correct.
The method available for termite control is soil barrier treatment using large amounts of environmentally persistent chemicals.
Samarasinghe Arachchilage Janaka Priyantha Samarasinghe
Mrs. M. A. K. P. Wijewantha
16. If there is a difference between the above dates, indicate the reasons:-
In 2014 US $ 1,395.29 million has been utilized for development projects in the country and US $ 1,315 million or 94 percent out of it has been received as a loan, while the balance of US $ 80.76 million has been received as grants.
United States Agency for International Development (USAID) funded Project
Cadre information of the year 2016 depict that the number of staff at primary level is higher compared to the number of senior and tertiary staff and the classification of employees indicates that action has not been taken by each institute to ascertain service requirements in designing the organizational structure.
Mr. Abdul Raswan
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the override of internal control.
Training programs for Army officers
Book Title
1. Embilipitiya
1. Full name of the applicant:-
Provision for Impairment
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards and for such internal control as the management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error.
Hingurakgoda, Thamankaduwa
Number of Issued Number Plates
During the period from January to 31st December 2015, 13 Training Programs were conducted for 01 Labour Tribunal President, 01 Accountant, 08 Translators, 27 Stenographers, 70 Public Management Assistants, and 26 Officers in the office staff service.
11. Manmunai South West
Programme Number and Name: 01 Operational Activities
This should be performed according to the instructions issued by the Department of Treasury Operations.
Statement of losses and waivers under F.R. 109 during the year
Provide facilities for research to Administrators and Public
The following activities are planned to implement in 2006, achieving of Mahinda Chintana Programme.
Mr. N. I. Medagangoda
(d) Even though a sum of Rs. 129,937 had been allocated over a long period for the payment of gratuity to 13 officers who had resigned from service, action had not been taken for the settlement of that money.
THE STRENGTHENING ENFORCEMENT OF LAW, ACCESS TO JUSTICE AND SOCIAL INTEGRATION (SELAJSI)
North side 1 -
Deputy General Manager(Provincial)
32. Accrued Expenses
The National Design Center is primarily a service provider.
Vehicles and equipment involving respective duties are made available to the police officers in order to facilitate their services and make such services more efficient in addition to providing them with facile transport.
Laboratory studies were conducted to determine the susceptibility/ resistance of 10 mungbean varieties for bruchid damage.
Documents in the custody of the Archives
(Electric fences, digging ditches etc.)
(H) Gampaha
The Strengthening Enforcement of Law, Access to Justice and Social Integration (SELAJSI) Programme was developed based on the experience accumulated from Phase I and Phase II of the former Equal Access to Justice Project which has facilitated processes and mechanisms at the local level to improve the systems delivery, in particular on legal aid, prison administration and access to documentation.
Ministry of Lands
25 exotic chilli hybrids were evaluated and five exotic chilli hybrids were identified as adaptable.
Accordingly, the National Sports Day Festival was held on 06th of April 2015 for the first time under the auspices of the Hon. Minister of Sports at the Nuwara Eliya Race Course.
21. Sound Operator
3.5 Other production expenses
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
For a family of five members
Government Hospitals
Threethal musical programmes,
Withdrawing from revenue
Middle East
Ali Zahir Moulana Zeid
Wednesday
TV Sets
5.6 Training Institute for Non Judicial Officers
Balance - 13.63
This has also been a main force for the tourism sector and the activities of the Galle Harbor.
Construction of the Cactus House
They were attached to the Divisional Secretariats for relevant duties.
Under this project, a new Solid Waste Management System has been introduced for environmentally friendly waste disposal.
Quazi Board of Appeal consisting of 5 Muslims are in operation to hear appeals of the Quazi Courts.
Vision, Mission and Objectives of the Department
Etipola Mapa Gunathilaka Mudiyanselage Rohana Kumara
Unutilized Provisions
(c) Advances Control
License Taxes and other
Hazard Profile of Sri Lanka
Thuwan Aamith Mohamed Akram
III. Details of Polling Divisions and Polling Districts in Northern Province where house-to-house enumeration of electors did not take place (Revision of Electoral Registers – 2015)
2.5 Language Audits
08. Appropriation Account
Syllabuses and books were printed for this.
Excess during the relevant period
Special Exemption Rights
(b) The Project had not been taken action to make provision for gratuity for the staff members who had completed service over 05 years in the Project, in accordance with the Gratuity Act, No. 12 of 1983.
District Secretariat
07. All documentary programmes or special programmes that are directly connected with the election and broadcast/ televised during the period of election, should disclose the names of the scriptwriter, announcer, and editor.
Name of the Society
(b) Information on increasing the salaries and allowances of the employees of Public Sector Institutions paid without obtaining recommendations from the National Salaries and Cadres Commission and prior approval from the General Treasury, for the same;
Sales - Gigawatt hours(in millions of rupees)
01. Formulation & execution, monitoring & evaluation of policies, programs and projects related to the functions and Institutions come under the Ministry purview.
Maintenance of the Ranaviru data base
5.13.6 Summary of Control Accounts for Advance Accounts and Deposit Accounts - 2015
Declaration of a buffer zone for Kaluganga and proposed Moragahakanda reservoir areas and minimizing human activities there
Regional Workshop on the Formulation and Implementation of National Policy and Strategy for the Management of Radioactive Wastes
IAEA Fellowships and Scientific Visits Awarded
Balance brought forward from last year - 35
The scope of the audit has also been extended to examine the following as far as possible and whenever necessary.
A major function of this Division is the active participation to eliminate / minimize tariff anomalies / issues raised by the various industrialists, chambers of commerce, and industry and trade associations.
(iii) Taking all necessary measures to implement the Project smoothly and effectively
Oddusudan Nedunkerny Road
2.2 Functions of the Department
5. Providing facilities necessary for conducting examinations, conferences, festivals and recreational activities.
Recognizing the enormous potential in the tourism sector, the Trade Officers have organized various promotional programmes in foreign countries with the support of the Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau and Sri Lankan Airlines to promote Sri Lanka as an attractive tourist destination.
Future operations are in progress
It is with all your support that we continue to strive towards fulfilling your needs while maintaining high standards and developing quality programmes as well as uplifting good taste, ultimately to reach heights of excellence in the field of television broadcasting in Sri Lanka.
All Officers in the Public Service and the Provincial Public Service holding posts which are permanent and pensionable/ entitled to a Contributory Pension will be eligible to join the Scheme.
Wherever there was a shortage of staff, services of manpower agencies were obtained to ensure the non-interruption of essential services.
Receivables from Related Parties - Government Institutions
Procurement of Motor Vehicles for Government Agencies
Exchange of field experience
Schedule 17
All such formats should be duly completed and submitted after being certified as accurate by the Chief Accountant/Director (Finance)/ Commissioner (Finance).
02. It has been decided at the meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers held on 01.04.2020 to suspend the recovery of installments and the interest for the loans, which have been granted to all Public Officers under the vote 'Advances to Public Officers' in Advance Accounts of Part II of Annual Budget Estimates, until further notice.
In addition, the OPEC Fund for International Development has agreed to provide a high contribution for the Government's Programme for Infrastructure Development by granting US $ 17 million for Western Province Road Development Project and US $ 60 million for the rehabilitation of the Badulla-Chenkaladi A5 road.
The Project commenced its activities on 17 July 2013 and scheduled to be completed by July 2015.
To prepare an easy to implement activity system that through a special vocational approach, strengthen, grow, distribute, arrange, and provide applications to deliver physical, social, human infrastructure and the use and acquisition of livelihoods through combined cooperation and professionalism.
(a) Although the Corporation had entered into contra agreement with Newspaper Institutions to obtain advertisements, a sum of Rs. 1,565,000 had been spent on Newspaper Institutions for advertisements on anniversary publicity without utilizing the said facilities.
Procurement Preparations
Circuit Banglow, Katharagama
Information on Note (i) to Note (iv) should also be included in the Appropriation Account in addition to the DGSA 2 to DGSA 10.
Katuwana, Tangalle, Okewela. Hambantota
Completed the construction of a natural path, resting place and two toilets for Gal Oya National Park.
Activity
(f) Budgetary control
To address matters relating to the formation and implementation of National Languages Policy
Conducting follow up activities relating to construction of court buildings
Mrs. W. P. Leelawathi
Location of centers
The National Languages Project is based upon a bilateral agreement between the Government of Canada and the Government of Sri Lanka, represented by the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration.
-Opportunities for Sri Lankan products, Monitoring & reporting of host-country trade policy changes, especially tariff and non-tariff measures.
Revenue Transferred to Provincial Councils
Galle City Region Urban Interventions
How to implement the National Language policy is explained by Four main steps?
Source - Divisional Secretariats
Habarana-Veyangoda Transmission Line Project
Functional Training Intervention for Grama Niladhari Division Field Officers engaged in Rural Family Empowerment (Regulatory Project)
As At 01 April 2011
In addition to that attend 197 numbers of break downs of AC units and related equipment.
Best Female Presenter of the Year
My responsibilities, under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of my report.
2018 Estimate
The investigation into the irregular transactions
Subject
The pilgrimage season commencing from the Unduwap full moon poya day of the year lasts until the Vesak full moon poya day of the next year.
Revenue Forecast Including Stamp Duty & Court Fines
Action was taken to make the participants aware of the availability of training and job opportunities for them at these Youth Camps, through the Vocational Training Authority and the Vocational Guidance Service.
Mudiyanselage Rohana Kumara
Benefit
Microwave - Digital Communication Network (DCN)
Further, according to the progress reports, the physical progress of 17 other Budget Line Activities had remained below 40 percent as at 31 December 2017.
Mr. P. Algama, Member Board of Governors
The Department of Census and Statistics is the central government agent responsible for the collection, processing, analyzing and dissemination of statistical information and compilation of statistical indicators related to the socio economic condition of the country.
Your attention is drawn to Section 02 of Chapter XVI of the Establishments Code.
I The original copy, along with two copies of the certified Appropriation Account should be forwarded to the Auditor General, on or before 31 March 2016.
Chairman - Board of Management
Part II - Financing is already secured through the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).
Electricity Distribution Development Project Dehiwala -  Mt.Lavinia
1.2.3 Accounts Receivable and Payable
Initial deposits amounting to Rs. 263,500 obtained from 75 institutions since the year 1967 had been invested in the savings accounts and interest amounting to Rs. 10,316,337 had been obtained up to the end of the year under review.
Treaties on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters
Cost of personnel for the year under review is given below.
Analyzed 820 soil samples and recommendations were given accordingly.
2.05:32 Minutes
Government Procurement Guidelines 2006
28. Revaluation Reserve
03. Accordingly, following texts are applied in substitution to the existing texts.
Kalutara District Secretariat
Spares & Other Maintenance Material  (Rs. million)
Note 21
Annual transfers of officers in Supra Class of Public Management Assistants’ Service - 2020
In December 2011, the Ministry of Justice announced the establishment of Sri Lanka's first International Arbitration Center.
Implementation of the Proposed Programme to minimize the direct and indirect Health, Environmental, and Social Effect of using Plastic and Polythene
The Court fines and stamp fees receivable from the Chief Secretary of the Provincial Council as at 31 December of the year under review amounted to Rs.8,569,415 and Rs.231,729,427 respectively.
At present, permits have been issued for 103.25 hectares in Vavuniya District and 36.8 hectares have been replanted.
Arrangements will be made to reconcile and to correct the balances between the schedules and the accounts in the next year.
Hence the provision is accurate.
Airport
Underground 33 kV Cable Length
3.1. Revision of Electoral Registers
Oct
Current Ratio (Number of Times)
10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th of August
Data Entry Operator
(B) Bandaragama
Construction of Baseline Road and other roads
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards and for such internal control as the Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error.
Year
Annual Transfer Committee Resolutions 2017 - (Social Service Officer, Social Development Assistant)
4.1 Reported Crimes and Solutions
Values
Cadre Review of Public Institutions - 2017
Mr. P. K. Wanigasinghe
So it is not profitable.
Interior Décor
Pannisai Classes
District Secretariat Office - Mannar
Advance to suppliers – For programme production
Sums aggregating Rs. 860,670 had been paid for leave not availed in the year 2011.
Mr. Ananda Hettiarachchi
Reference to Laws, Rules and Regulations
Cooperation in the leather products sector
MN 3
A workshop to train English Instructors selected from community  and the villages for improving English knowledge of family members of war heroes at community  and the villages was conducted on the 12th and 13 th of December at Hector Kobbekaduwa Agricultural Training Institute by the Skills Development project of the Ranaviru Sewa Authority.
The Scheduling Unit has scheduled 389,879 commercials during 2012.
This situation arose due to inadequate staff and action will be taken to provide adequate staff in future.
All District Secretaries / Government Agents
2. Functions of the Ministry of Justice
The audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates adopted by the management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of financial statements.
Construction of 1,000 Rural Bridges
Recruitment of 162 Apprentice Surveyors, 152 of officers to the Sri Lanka Technological Service and 390 of Survey Field Assistants in this year was beneficial to maintain the departmental works properly and to develop the human resource.
Located in Keppetipola Town of Welimada Divisional Secretariat Division, Close to Nuwara Eliya - Welimada Road.
Schedule 05
Report of the Auditor General 2010
A sum totaling Rs. 116 million had been recovered from the billed revenue of Rs. 165 million for the year under review and from the arrears of preceding years amounting to Rs. 77 million.
3.5 Irregular Transactions
Public Officers with Political Rights who have been elected for Provincial Councils by Elections
Sri Lanka Technology Service
08. Immigrants & Emigrants (Amendment) Act 07/ 2015
Welfare Programmes
(4) that they are on duty both day and night, staying in difficult workplaces in the vicinity of forests where there is no public transport; and
Fax- 011- 2670830
3. Secretary to the Cabinet of Ministers
War hero's
This note explains the principal adjustments made in restating its SLAS financial statements to SLFRSs financial statements for the reporting period as of 1 April 2011 to 31 March 2012.
Tractor Driver
Action needs be taken to reach the targets.
(b) It was revealed at an audit test-check that according to the Daily Running Charts, an officer who had been paid a sum of Rs. 556,500 as lottery draw allowance in the year under review, that on the dates of draws the relevant officer had been on duty in other areas.
Research and Development
11. Renovation of the Record room of the Siyambalanduwa Tourist Magistrate's Court into a case record room.
Total Credit during the year
Current Affairs Unit
The Community Based Correction Process was launched in year 2000, as an alternative punishment method instead of imprisonment of offenders under the Community Based Corrections Act No. 46 of 1999 and it has grown broadly up to 97 Judicial Zones by 2014.
Reimbursement of Staff Salaries Grand
Before 19th January 2016
Property, Plant, and Equipment on finance leases, which effectively transfers to the Company substantially all of the risk and benefits incidental to ownership of the leased item are capitalized at their cash price and disclosed as Property, Plant, and Equipment and depreciated over the period the Company is expected to benefit from the use of the leased assets.
2.2 Accounts
Designation
Note - 2
Assistant Auditor
According to the information received, the work under topographical survey design, feasibility studies had only been carried out as at 31 December 2017 although the activities of the Project had commenced in February 2016.
Staff training
Your attention is drawn to the Public Administration Circular 12/2005 dated 18.05.2005 and the provisions of circulars issued as the revisions to the aforesaid circular.
100g
Hydrogeological Study in Vavuniya and Kilinochchi Districts
Papaya breeder’s seed program
National Budget Circular No: 03/2016 (II)
New buildings
(a) Sale of cement
(iii) Guideline 3.3 and 3.5
Best Education Programme
Should be charged to Government Revenue.
Salary Conversions
(c) Action had not been taken to recover business tax amounting to Rs. 48,000, relating to 34 units of businesses in terms of Section 152(4) of Pradeshiya Sabha Act No.15 of 1987.
It indicates the articles of the history of Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation almost 30 years, present states and the future vision.
Course (Advanced Level) - 6A (SLTS 6A)
Mr. Kamalasiri Perera (Lecturer - University of Colombo)
It is because fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Providing Uniforms to Dhamma School teachers
Receipt of the year as at 31.12.2011
Wide range of free services and all facilities were provided for the people as a one stop shop and at ease. (As an example: Photos and Stamps which need to obtain their National Identity Card and the fees for Birth, Marriage and Death Certificates are provided for free of charge.)
In selecting beneficiaries, priority will be given for infants, young children, and school-age women who have been left helpless by the untimely death of their husbands due to terrorist activities, ethnic warfare, accidents, suicides and similar incidents, divorce of husband, wife and children, or for families where the wife has left the husband with children, for women who are not included in a legal marriage but are educated and have children, and are single with children who have no source of income to meet the needs of those children.
In 2014 grants were provided for the construction of a sanitary landfill in Dompe and schools in the Kilinochchi District.
The procurement plan for the year under review had not been prepared by the Sabha in terms of Guideline 4.2.1 of the Government Procurement Guidelines 2006.
The Programme of establishing Provincial Centres is an example of the effort taken by the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration and its affiliated institutes with the intention of providing their services at provincial level.
Transport of sea sand to a coastal area abounds in sea sand is questionable.
Winners of the inter school General Knowledge Competition have been awarded with dictionaries at the Deyata Kirula Exhibition.
Sao Tome & Principe
22 Finance leases
25 meters Swimming Pool with 08 lanes
There was no proper cost-benefit analysis done for that.
Iniya Vasamtham Programme, Batticaloa
Football (Men)
(e) Debtors/ Creditors control
Commercial printing material
12. Total collection of reimbursements received after 31st December 2019 up to the date of preparation and completion of financial statements
Rs. 250,000.00
Provides technical assistance to the National Languages ​​Division on program planning, leadership and institutional empowerment related to the implementation of the Official Languages ​​Policy, and directs courses required to enhance the computer skills of language officers in the implementation of skills development programs for Ministry Officers.
02. Construction of Wattala Court Complex
Reconstruction/ widening of Bridges on Horana - Anguruwatota - Aluthgama Road (5.0 - 32.0km)
Physical Progress as at end of September 2011: 3%
Station Officer (Security) (1)
As such the value of the motor vehicles and the depreciation had been overstated by sums of Rs. 309,000 and Rs. 35,550 respectively.
Sri Lanka has been selected as the first country to implement the Five Year (2012-2017) Action Plan prepared by the United Nations Asia Pacific Economic and Social Commission (UNESCAP) to develop the use of space technology for sustainable development in the region.
The appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Management are evaluated.
Project number/ name, personal salary and other charges for all projects
The project aims to reduce operational and transmission costs incurred by television broadcasters, to allow viewers to view high quality images and sound as well as a wide range of channels and programs, and to enhance the facilities of the Rupavahini Corporation.
An understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances is obtained.
Doorian
Delay has to be avoided at all costs as compensation cases as in any money recovery case gets prescribed within two years.
3.4 In the examination of Auditor General's observations on Appropriation Accounts in the past years, it is noted that common lapses such as preparation of Appropriation Account without using Accounting Statements certified by the Department of State Accounts and Final Treasury Printouts, not reporting the transactions to the nearest rupee, delays in submission of Appropriation Accounts, submission of incomplete reports on liabilities, non-reconciliation of values pertaining to movable assets with relevant capital expenditure objects codes for the year under review, not being completed the Board of Survey appropriately, etc. are reported.
Providing Relief to Underemployed Graduates who have been subjected to a salary anomaly by Public Administration Circular 29/94 (II) and who have received relief as per Public Administration Circulars 20/94 and 20/94 (II)
Statement of Losses and Abandonment Notes - (i)
(c) If the spouse has demised before the officer - the total compensation shall be divided equally among the children.
Certain significant statistics relating to the financing, budgetary provision for the year under review and the utilization of funds during the year under review and up to 31 December 2017 are shown below.
Error Corrections
For elders
Time of Check
The power plant comprises 3 Nos of 8MW Diesel operated generator sets along with all the infrastructure facilities including powerhouse associated ancillary systems, tank farm with unloading facilities, radiator bank, 33kv gantry, fuel treatment house, incinerator, workshop building, administration building, and a building for bachelor quarters, etc. which are essential for the smooth operation of a diesel power plant.
Mobilization and management of human resources for operationalization of technical and supportive functions
Rs. 09 million allocated under recurrent expenditure of this Department was utilized for this purpose.
It will be decided whether to make the payment for a year or two based on the Grade in which the student is studying.
The Secretary to the Ministry of Industry and Commerce has delegated the power to issue letters of recommendation to the Department of Commerce.
Assistant Divisional Secretary,
It is expected to implement this project encompassing all the Districts in the Island and already 22 schools have been selected and 17 of them are now in use.
Finalisation of internal transfers between Departments / Ministries in terms of paragraph 3.1
State Accounts Circular No: - 227 / 2012
The recommendation given by the inquiry committee appointed by the Chief Secretary of Northern Province regarding the fraudulent payment aggregating to Rs. 4.42 million of work carried out under the North East Local Services Improvement Project (NELSIP-puraneguma) had not been informed to the Audit.
Budget allocation for the period under review
Accordingly, the oral tests were held at district level for 6007 officers who passed the 2014 Official Language Proficiency Written test or the 2nd language at G.C.E (O/L).
Livestock Development
65. Maharagama
Commercial Bank of Ceylon PLC
Sambur, Bear ,Monkey, Maharathmal and some orchids and Ginihota species are flagsip species in the Horton Planes.
3.Elevate Sri Lankan talents to international level by establishing a sports library, sports theatre and an information centre with internet facilities.
The Accounts for the year have been audited by the Auditor General as per Article 154 (3) of the constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of  Sri Lanka.
At the request of the Ministry of Health, the institute conducts an 11 days residential second language training courses for interns.
Productivity Awareness Programs have been conducted so far and presenting of awards for the best court in the productivity award competition were conducted among the courts of Ampara, Kalmunai, Batticaloa, Polonnaruwa, Trincomalee, Kegalle, Chilaw and Puttalam.
38 Mr. S. Katapearachchi, P. M. S. II
Further our thanks are also due to the Secretary of the Ministry Mr. Gotabhaya Jayaratne and additional secretaries for their unstinted support extended to the activities of the Authority.
National Languages Development Programme
Various steps were taken at all of the said elections to obtain the maximum support from the political parties, and to resolve problems by convening the consultative committee, which consists of permanent representatives of political parties to enforce election laws.
Other Disasters (Elephant Attack) - 2015
Reductions
The Provincial Centres for North Western, Uva and North Central Provinces will be established in 2016.
Unveiling of Ranaviru monument  erected by Pujapitiya Ranaviru  community ya on 09.06.2011
Kolonna
Staging Sri Lanka-specific (single-country) promotional campaigns in host countries.
Trade & Other Payables
However, the Departments of National Botanical Gardens and the National Zoological Gardens were again placed under the purview of the Ministry of Economic Development in April 2010 and the Department of Sports Development was placed under the Ministry of Sports at the same time.
Ensure Water Quality & Quantity of both Surface & Ground Water to Enhance National Food Security, while providing water to other sectors through Developing & Managing Water Resources in Sustainable & an Efficient Manner.
S. Hettiarachchi
Construction in violation of the approved building plan.
DGM (Asset Management & Corporate)
Balangoda
Lists of all deposits which have lapsed had not been prepared at the close of each half year.
During the year under review, the Authority had submitted bills amounting to Rs. 1,971,028 and Rs.1,618,465 to the two hospitals respectively and Rs. 1,449,653 from the Gampaha Hospital and Rs. 802,749 from the Negombo hospital remain outstanding.
Co-operative Fund
Preparation of Annual Performance Reports
12.9. Revenue earned in the year 2015 by issuing extracts of the electoral register was Rs. 8.2 million.
The scholarships categories
G / Weerapana Primary School
Margin (100 base numbers)
Imprest Balance as at 31st December .....
Record Management, Conservation, and Preservation
The total amount spent for this is Rs. 621,663.00.
A grant of Rs. 4,153,600 (Australian $40,000) had been made by a Foreign Fund in August 2011 and a sum of Rs. 3,979,927 out of that had been spent.
It is a specific village or a part of a village or parts of several villages, or parts of a street, or a watta or a mixture of such parts of streets/ wattas.
UGC in its 885th commission meeting approved the degree programme to be started in Jaffna, Kelaniya and Sabaragamuwa Universities in 2014.
Fourteen maize hybrids were received from International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center in India.
Actual Revenue up to 31.05.2020 (Rs. Million)
Habaraduwa
Assistant Manager (one has migrated.)
Amortization Policy
The “Yugayata Nimavum” New Design Exhibition and Trade Fair organized by the National Design Centre as a means of depicting its identity was planned and held parallel to the Shilpa National Exhibition 2012 at Bandaranayake Memorial International Conference Hall from 27.12.2012 to 30.12.2012.
4.1.9. Progress on Training Activities - 2015 during 2015
Telbeddawattha land
No. of direct beneficiaries
Details of Plant, Machinery & Equipment
(a) Sri Lanka Cement Corporation had leased out the limestone deposit at Aruwakkalu covering an extent of 5,352 acres to a private cement production company in the year 1995 for a period of 50 years for excavation of limestone for the production of cement.
Advance to employees - Programme
The Treasury facilitated the loan of EURO 33.8 million to renovate three factories at Ambewela, Digana and Polonnaruwa.
Remittance Tax
Mr. Harrison said that the Kitul Development companies under the Ministry of Rural Economy has initiated a number of projects to uplift the local kithul industry in several phases.
3.8. Implementation of “Mahinda Chintana” Vision for the Future & Medium Term Economic Plan of the government and progress of rubber planting including new planting
Five items of assets amounting to Rs. 77,357,900 and 01 item of asset of which the value of which is not mentioned had remained idle for over a period ranging from 02 years to 24 years.
Study the Ministry procedure
Mrs. Priyantha Pieris
The Department of Co-operative Development has been able to play a pivotal role in the good governance of the Co-operative Societies, leading them towards sustainable development.
Application for contact lenses
Accounts Payable
In addition to that, the programs such as the Divi Neguma Subsidy Program, nutrition Subsidies, Community Based Rehabilitation Program (CBR), providing aid for the disabled community, monthly allowances for the elderly people, 'Poshana Malla' nutritional hamper program for the pregnant mothers and a glass of milk for the pre-school children  had also been implemented.
Divisional Secretariat, Pasara,Badulla
Full condominium certificates
Income from renewal of registration of management committees of government housing schemes
Hence, action should be taken to manage the expenditure within the provisions allocated and the Treasury will not hold responsibility for commitments made beyond the limit of the provisions.
IV. Other Revenue
Thonigala is located in the Anamaduwa Divisional Secretariat Division of Puttalam District.
T.P. - 0112865942
Amount of Work awarded – Rs. 1900 Million
Programme Number and Title: Operational programme
Salary had been paid to a teacher who was absent to the duty.
Audit Superintendent
Release of compensation money and interest
Bag Centre Expenses
The rate of ethnicity in the Divisional Secretariat Division where each Government institution is situated was also taken into consideration.
Under the ‘Road Map’ programme, the activities of collecting primary data relevant to the implementation of National Language Policy in 16 leading ministries and affiliated government institutes have started.
Category of Employees
Installation and commissioning of two PABXs at the Kurunegala grid substation and Ratmalana grid substation to replace two old mechanical TCS/PAX
Cowpea
Malwathu Oya
Further the recommendations of a committee of 3 persons comprising 2 representatives nominated by the Head of the Department and the Divisional Secretary had not been obtained in awarding direct contracts.
As per the Loan Agreement, the estimated total cost of the Project amounted to Japan Yen 5,359 million equivalent to Rs. 4,785 million.
Third party deductions
Conducting ceremonies on 09.07.2014 in Mannar District under the financial provisions of the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration
Conducting a programme to pay cash  to 84 children who lost their parents - Monthly Rs. 1000 each
Political Party/Independant Group
Sector
Instead they have continued to work at a level of intensity that is sadly not recognized.
Counting - Count and prepare the bundles of 50 ballot papers of the particular party/ group.
Special levy - Treasury
The disabled war heroes of the Armed Forces and the Police who were made to retire on doctor’s recommendations following being disabled in action and the disabled war heroes of the Armed Forces and the Police who have to remain at home on medical grounds.
ASSETS AND BASIS OF THEIR VALUATION
There was an opportunity provided to conduct house to house enumeration of electors by enumerators except for a very limited area in the Northern Province.
08. Applications for mutual transfers shall not be accepted during the period from 01st July 2013 to 31st December 2013.
Recurrent Expenditure - Sub Collection (A + B + C)
To conduct, supervise and control the progress of all development activities in the district.
(K) Provision of financial assistance for the renovation of Elders Homes
Vallipuram Kamaleswaran
The Liberty software solution was extended to Silumina Editorial in April 2013, after the successes observed after using it in Daily News, Dinamina and Sunday Observer
This is with the objective of entering into a negotiated settlement rather than going through a lengthy court procedure.
Nature of payments/Liabilities should be recognized separately as follows.
Special studio preparation for Olympic in Studio
(a) Land registers
Users of High Quality Video Materials
In accordance with Section 40 (VII) of the Science and Technology Development Act No. 11 of 1994, the Annual Report for the Year 2013 of the Arthur C Clarke Institute for Modern Technologies.
Divisional Secretariat - Nagoda
Director (Acting)
The Authority has been provided with an amount of Rs.148,000,000 as Capital Grants and an amount of Rs.78,400,000 as recurrent provisions from the General Treasury for the year 2012.
Individual Payroll - 90%
Accordingly, Appointing Authorities/Administrative Authorities should take actions to include appropriate qualifications for the posts in the Service Minutes or Schemes of Recruitment in the above manner.
Tuesday, 12 January 2010, 00:00
Hanging Flags 6’ x2’ (Consists two Nanthies)
Also, this directory is hoped to be introduced in other provinces as well.
Gama Naguma Project
(e) Procurements
As at 31 December, 2012
C 2233
International conferences and workshops in 2015 attended by officials of the Sports Medicine Institute
9.1 Department of Prisons
To study the effect of pruning on the quality and quantity of tomato seed production
04. Functions of the Divisions under the Ministry in Brief
It is expected to evaluate the results of investments in terms of the Key Performance Indicators that have been developed in provincial Agency Results Frameworks.
C. B. R.
Those strategies mainly focus on (a) inclusive and sustainable economic development. (b) stimulating private investment and enhancing the efficiency of public sector investment and (c) human resource development.
Greater Colombo Water Supply and Waste Water Management Project - Phase
Aiming to save 5 percent on electricity bills, the responsibility of taking actions should be delegated to a specific official, and action should be taken to monitor the progress monthly.
Reconstruction of abutment wall at District Survey Office, Kegalle
Institute of Engineering
Provide reliable, efficient, and effective service to the beneficiaries, heirs, dependents and recipients of the property, administration, management and investment based on the professional knowledge and expertise of the property, legacy, compensation, and finance referred to the Department.
This State Awards ceremony was held on 14th December 2014 at the Bandaranayake Memorial International Conference Hall.
02 accessions were morphologically identified as field tolerant for chilli leaf curl virus.
Key state and non-estate actors have increased their capacities
(a) Out of the arrears of assessment rates amounting to Rupees 91,956 as at 31 December of the year under review, a sum of Rupees 66,260 had to be recovered from 27 units, which were in arrears of over Rupees 1000.
Sub Inspector of Police (Work Unit)
Koolavady
(d) Advances Settlement Control
Ms. Achini Hasanthika
Provincial Surveyor General's Office (NWP)
i. Financial aids were given to 16 Elders Day Care Centres, while the other 10 Day Care Centres where the applications were sent, comprised of shortcomings in their documents.
i) Whether financial covenants laid down in the Loan Facility Agreement had been complied with.
Even though the Government of Sri Lanka had contributed a sum of Rs.134 million during the year under review, a sum of Rs. 132.64 million had been brought to the Income Statement, as the contribution of the Government of Sri Lanka.
Under the Title Registration Act of 1998, a certificate of accreditation with regard to the competency of the surveyor in carrying out the Cadastral Surveys will be issued to the registered surveyors who wish to carry out Cadastral Surveys.
The major risks that are identified in the Company's Risk Management System are as follows.
Accordingly, effective implementation of Government trade policies with the objective of actively contributing to the overall economic growth of Sri Lanka
December
4.8 Release of Human and Physical Resources of the Company to Other Institutions
SDG Indicator/ Indicators
Using this feature, the wavelength of the observed spectra was calibrated.
Provision of financial assistance for the building a bath room with a security fence for use of the disabled war heroes as a step of relieving them from difficulties they face in the day today work.
With these new development strategies, countries such as China and India emerged as new development partners of this country, and the necessary development assistance to this country has been provided by the Asian Development Bank, the World Bank International Development Cooperation and Japan, as before.
2. Secretary - Ministry of Finance and Planning
Note - (viii)
Repayable foreign loans
16 Mrs.D. D. Liyanagamage Legal Officer
3.3 Contract Administration
(b) Whether the expenditure shown in the financial statements of the Project had been satisfactorily reconciled with the enhanced financial reports and progress reports maintained by the Project,
4.2 Uma Oya Down Stream Development Project
Accordingly, the donors, beneficiaries and the relevant Divisional Secretariats of the Elders Coverage Foster program in the year 2013 are given below.
05 Deputy Commissioner/Assistant Commissioner (Investigation.) S.L.A.S-II/III
Several interactive programs run by Non Governmental Organisations were also conducted under this.
Out of this Rs.1,529 billion or 59 percent was for the expenditure authorized under Appropriation Act and the balance Rs.1,073 billion or 41 percent was for the expenditure under special law services.
At all elections and referenda, declaration of the results to the Country is done by the Commissioner through Radio and Television from his office.
Theodolite Survey Instruments
The Special Task Force had drawn out plans to construct 19 buildings in 2014 and 13 projects from among them have been fully completed by the end of the year.
Sinhala - 2, Tamil - 3, English - 4
(a) Annual Transfers
08. Accordingly, each Head of Department should ascertain cadre requirement of the institution through a work study as at 31.01.2017 separately focusing on each post with a view to conducting a cadre review for the year 2017.
Self-employment Assistance
Department of Census and Statistics
The Audited Opinion.
3. Paralysis
Number of Valid Votes
Provision for the year
1.3. Organisation Note
Lectures and telescope demonstrations were conducted for 409 visitors from the Sri Lanka Navy.
Name of the Member whose seat in the Parliament has fallen vacant
EER Unit (Engaged in dealing with matters relating to the cases initiated under the Emergency Regulations and Prevention of Terrorism Act.)
The simultaneous holding of elections all over the country has resulted in the reduction of the cost.
A scheme to restructure the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation organization was undertaken in order to streamline the recruitment process and the promotion scheme.
That vacancy was filled by Air Vice Marshall Mr.K.A Gunathilake on 16th May 2011.
Construction of a rain shelter for conducting research
Medium Voltage Capacitor Installation
200 newly recruited Public Management Assistants in the year 2014.
6. Certificate Course in English Language
Current Position
* Secure your home.
FICS, CMILT –UK
Staff Loans
Export Chamber of Commerce
5. Rakwana
5. Major Development Projects
High intensity rainfall leading to flash floods and soil erosions
03. Therefore, you are hereby informed that necessary steps are already being taken by the Ministry of Agriculture and the Department of Agrarian Development to elucidate the real situation to the farmer community and also to provide necessary concessions to the farmers.
Program and Project Name
English Training Center
Screening, Hybridization, National Coordinated Varietal Trials and planting material production
In this regard, the Finance Commission uses a statistical methodology.
The ownership of 09 lands tenured by the Council had not been taken over.
Length of the bridge(m): 78
Date:
The financial statements for the year 2018 had been presented to audit on 27 March 2019.
1. Advances of Public Officers
Grants Received
Preparation of tracing for the road to be constructed up to Sripada Maluwa (4,931 hectares)
Katukurunda Motor Races,
To foster and facilitate development of the domestic base of technological capabilities in the designated fields of specialization, through engaging in and facilitation of Research and Development, and provision of advanced training and industrial services.
At present, the details of the monthly work allowance are included manually in the overtime allowance sheet.
Vocational Training
Any gains or losses on retirement or disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment are recognized in the period in which the sales occur and is classified as other Operating Income.
Completion of the fence around the Elders home
Some of the major programmes facilitated by the Disaster Management Division
Number of Students following courses as at 31 December 2012
Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting - 2013 Program
Repair of Judges' quarters and installation of road lights
11.ManmunaiPattu
Package No: CP 09
Non-preparation of age analysis.
Lorries/ Trucks
S.V.G.N. Priyadarshani
Management has not taken action to dispose the old generator spare parts valued at Rs.2,419,543.
Public Accounts Procedure
Completed repairs in Polonnaruwa
Trial Official Language Proficiency Oral Test
Vesak /Poson Celebrations
20. Statutory Receivables
Turnover
(a) Functional and presentation currency
Mr. D.W. Jinadasa
C 1707
Dividend per Share
7. Bank Regulatory Division
Kundasale - Menikhinna
Signing a Memorandum of Understanding between Sri Lanka and the Republic of Pakistan for the Advancement of Sports
This Institution was functioning under the Ministry of Public Administration, Provincial Councils, Local Government and Democratic Governance from 18-01-2015.
9. Construction of Boundary Wall at Bandarawela District Court
Preliminary Plans
The above-mentioned courses are being implemented islandwide with the contribution of an experienced resource board and the staff of the Institute is also working with great dedication.
Personal emoluments
Website: www.sad.gov.lk
Capacity Building
The Board approved cadre of the Company as at 31 March 2017 was 1,046.
Kamal Ajith Kumara
Number of Plants Produced during the year
Wana Vaduna Wanaman
Public Management Service
Arranging letters of awareness to post office branches through the National Savings Bank.
Guanaco - 01
(b) The basis for valuation of stocks had not been disclosed in the notes to the accounts.
No. of Complaints disposed
Overall physical progress of the project was 98%.
29.1 Expenses Recognized in Comprehensive Income
Planning and Monitoring Division
International Day of Persons with Disabilities
Net effect
Public Administration Circular: 01/2014 (I)
Mrs. J. H. Fernando   Assistant
Tasks
(a) The Maha Illuppallama Farm which was started in the year 2010 without carrying out a proper feasibility study had been closed down with effect from May 2012, as it had failed.
NN - Negenahira Nawodaya
(i) Allocation of Allocations for Other Ministries / Departments - 2019
Cabinet of Ministers approved the sale of Lanka Mahapola vessel at a sale price of US$ 853,000/- to M/s Ocean Marine Service of Sri Lanka consequent to the tender.
Seethawakapura
Chief Internal Auditors of  Ministries, Departments and District Secretariats
Mannar District
Continued commitment of the government to fiscal stability helped further to reduce the fiscal deficit and debt to GDP ratio in 2013.
Statistics
Pharmacist
The report on Progress of 2014 and future programs was prepared and presented when the Budget of the Ministry is presented to Parliament.
Select Eco Center
The Prisons Programme was conducted by Legal Officers in charge of the Prison's Project and they supervised and conducted 10 clinics in the Welikada Prison.
The audit of financial statements of the National Council for Elders for the year ended 31 December 2012 comprising the statement of the financial position as at 31 December 2012 and the statement of the financial performance and cash flow statement for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154 (1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 13 (1) of the Finance Act No. 38 of 1971 and section 20 (3) of the Protection of the Rights of Elders Act No. 9 of 2000.
Office Assistants (2)
Rapid multiplication
Year ended 31 December 2012
Financial Progress 99 %
1.2.5 Lack of Evidence for Audit
Issuance of Budget guidelines on the preparation of the Budget Estimates.
The approved and actual cadre for the year under review had been 144 and 157 respectively and 13 vacancies consisting of 01 post of Special Grade Technical Officer (Civil), 06 posts of Librarian, 03 posts of Pre-school Warden and 03 post of Revenue Administrator had existed.
Gama Neguma Project
Large Flags 43’ x 30’
Irrigation System
Kuliyapitiya West
(b) A sum of Rs.326,936,590 payable by the Corporation to 497 officers retired from service in connection with gratuity, arrears of salary, cost of living allowances and compensation payable under the Voluntary Retirement Scheme had been paid by the Department of Public Resources Management in the year under review.
As per the decision made to expand the rubber cultivation in Ampara District in line with the Budget Proposals 2012, it has been targeted to cultivate rubber in 10,000 hectares.
North Western Provincial Council
05.  Participation to Educational Exhibitions held in Kuliyapitiya, Avissawella and at the BMICH.
Emelda Sukumar
(a) Financial Regulations 770
Gunapalage Sarath Madhu
PL 3
Staff Movements of the DOC – 2014
Also, the ‘Pulathisi Friendship Tour’ was organized by Thamankaduwa language societies of Polonnaruwa district.
One of the main government policies is to eradicate corruption.
Background of the Department
Uthuru Janani Power Station
Mode of Filling the vacancy
The Accounts Division of the Ministry consists of two main divisions.
Total receipts
It has been reported to fiscal court that there is no such establishment.
Permanent Staff
Co-ordination work for achieving the good of the organization is undertaken by the Administrative Division.
Engineer
Liaise with the Ministry of Co-operatives and Internal Trade and other government agencies
I am bound on your behalf, to work for a sustainable development by drawing decisions under the good governance government, giving a fixed price for paddy, making the farmer and the country self-sufficient while developing rural infrastructure by uplifting  livelihoods, livestock development through productive animal husbandry, strengthening dairy farming and making the country self-sufficient in milk production, strengthening the economic hub network and agro-production and maintaining the production price at a fixed level.
Supporting the Bar Association of Sri Lanka in strengthening criminal justice
The total airtime that the National Channel telecast in 2012 amounted to 7283.7 hours.
Checked by:-
Quoted investment is measured at fair value based on active market quoted prices.
Public Administration Circular: 07/ 2020 (III)
The inauguration ceremony will be held on June 18, 2016 at 9.30 am at the auditorium of the Moneragala District Secretariat with the distinguished patronage of the Mrs. D. S. Padmakulasuriya, District Secretary, Monaragala and Dr. Ridley Jayasinghe, Director General of the National Institute of Social Development.
Identification of members and conducting reviews
(Pte) Ltd
Mrs. W.S.N.P. Nanayakkara
The program aims to identify reserves, select suitable plants for the reserve and plant and maintain saplings with the participation of farmers and locals.
Machines and equipment 10%
Adequate internal audit had not been carried out at the Institution.
Miss. W.K.D.Dunstan
The National Design Center has printed a catalog of new designs, including a collection of innovations created this year, and handed them over to 250 buyers with international market links who came to visit the "Innovative Designs of the Era" exhibition.
Muthu Ahura-1
Colombo,
Accessories - TG
The land acquisition works are progressing.
Allocation: Rs. 652,404.12
Comparative information has been reclassified where necessary to conform to the current year’s presentation.
Conducting Workshops on determining the Minimum Age of Criminal Responsibility
US $ million
Progress of Programs implemented in 2015
Periyakulam Palugamam
(A) Balapitiya
Creating a conducive back ground for family members of war heroes while improving their self confidence, identifying their skills and directing  them to courses and assignments with a view to imparting technical and technological knowledge and training to suit their skills and direct them to the  income generating process.
Legal aid is given to deserving persons whose monthly income is Rs.15,000/= or less.
24. Manmunai North (Batticaloa Town)
Road Section: Section from Thambalagamuwa to Sardapura
RB Trans-basin canal: 36.5 km
That is US $ 42.3 million (22 percent).
Mr. T.M.G.Chandrasekara
Lot A_1
Objectives
The cost of generation of this Plant is almost the same as that of the Sapugaskanda Power Station.
Mr. R.J. Pradeep Croosh
Thillainathan Ananthawarnan
The Finance Commission has brought attention of the provinces to the following aspects.
Furthermore, the Institute conducts Degree Courses and Higher Diploma and Diploma Courses, Trains Surveyors, Map Technological Officers, Photogrammetric Technological Officers, Air Photographic Technological Officer, Remote Sensing Technological Officer and other technicians in the department and also conducts Departmental annual examinations.
Number of Divisional Days Held
Saivaneedi -
54 Yoga classes, 430 Dance classes and Navarathri Pooja have been conducted to improve the Physical, Mental, Religious and Cultural interest of Aranery School students of Navatkuda Hindu Cultural Centre in Batticaloa which is administrated by the Department.
The objective of the Programme is to sustainably increase the income of 57,500 smallholder households involved in commercially-oriented production and marketing systems.
Setting up Disaster Management Coordinating Committees to each Divisional Secretariats
P. K. S. Subodhini,
SRL 5044 Ms. Rosemary Susan LEES (British)
Gender Response Budgeting
Examine the success of programs implemented to alleviate the poverty of the community affected by natural disasters and identify new strategies to be adopted
(a) Depreciation Policy
The library has over 4600 local and foreign books and journals in various fields such as language, economics, political science, sociology, development, rural development, history, gender, ethnography, management, psychology and history.
Initial steps of the project have been finalized and action is being taken to call for bids.
Conducting different grade examinations of Dhamma Schools in the entire island
The National Water Supply and Drainage Board is in the process of recovering the deposits amounting to Rs. 11.9 million placed at the Provincial Road Development Authority in 2013 for road reinstatement works.
There are calcite deposits in the Kirimatitenna area in Balangoda which are currently used for the ceramic industry.
4.3.1. Foreign Training Opportunities in the Year 2015
Grants to Public Corporations
Purification method for natural graphite
The Sports Massage Section promotes the ability of every athlete to play with physical and mental well-being after the massage therapy.
Following special items of work were also planned and implemented successfully during the year.
To amend the Community Correction Ordinance aimed at increasing the number of offenses on which community correction orders are posable with a view to reducing the incidence of imprisonments
Commercial Farming Program -2015
(e) Maintenance of Bank Accounts
Number of cases filed against Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation during the year 2012
No of Buildings
Issued and paid Rs. 10/- Ordinary shares
In making those risk assessments, the Auditor considers internal control relevant to the Company’s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
3. According to the salary particulars of June 2018
U. Samya
Mission
CP - Central Province
Plant pathology
Stationery & Office Requisites
Improving guidance for Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) with the assistance of SLAB institute.
Live streaming
In the preparation of project proposals under this, increase in the value addition, creation of employment opportunities and reduction of poverty are expected to be given adequate attention.
Stores used by the Food Department
Deputy Commissioner
(a) A sum of Rs. 422,178 had been paid as salaries and allowance to a Security Guard without establishing the fact that he was deployed in the service of the Board and an investigation had not been conducted in that connection.
Understanding Disaster Management Program *
Ms. H. P. D. M. Sarathchandra - Additional Director General (Administration)
The pressure resulted in the increase in scientific staff as well as considerable enlargement and re-organization and in order to provide meteorological services to the users more effectively, Department of Meteorology was established on 1st October 1948 as a government department.
Additional work estimates Progress
Because of the significance of the matters described in paragraph 2.2.6 of this report, I have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion.
Demuni Daya Meththananda De Silva
Financial assistance for these surveys in 2013 and 2014 was granted by National Languages Project.
Rathnayaka Mudiyanselage Chandra Podi Menike
Colombo 07
The following funds established under Section 43(1) and Section 57 (3) of Co-operative Societies Act No.05 of 1972 were under the authority of the Commissioner of Co-operative Development and this fund is managed – as per the decisions of a fund committee chaired by the Secretary to the Ministry, under the  supervision and orders of the Hon. Minister.
Provincial Irrigation Department
Midwifery Service
Nanattan
Employees Provident Fund Control
Adjustment due to Re-measurement of Retirement Benefit Obligation and Impairment Provision
Judicial Administration
Mr. K. T. M. U. Hemapala
Trade receivables are impaired and impairment losses are incurred, only if there is objective evidence of impairment.
ii. Financial Regulation 104
05. It is the responsibility of the news and current affairs divisions of all electronic and print media institutions not to broadcast/ televise/publish any programme or supplement during the election period if such programme/ supplement/ news items are illegal or biased.
The Tenth Session of the Joint Commission for Economic Cooperation, between the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka was held in Tehran on 14-15 January 2015.
07. Selecting judging panels and making them aware.
Senior Lecturer, Department of Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Peradeniya
Detailed schedules for two items of accounts amounting to Rs. 3,814,412 had not been submitted to Audit.
Mrs. Shantha. P. Liyanage
97. Beliatta
Additional Director, Department of Social Services
(e) To pay arrears to the officers, who retired during the period from 01.01.2008 until the date that this Circular is issued and entitled to the revision of salaries as per “(a)” above, after adjusting the salary and the pensions
3.2 Depreciation
Providing Local Banks Loans to Public Enterprises for Infrastructure Development
Department of Divineguma Development
2.2 Comments on Consolidated Financial Statements
Expenditure (Rs.)
4.2) Assistance with the Sri Lanka Water partnership climate change adaptation, 4 awareness programs were conducted for the Field Officers and Farmers and 294 were participated.
Special Jury Award
Capital and reserves
Overdraft interest
In addition to this, I report that the cost control of recurrent expenditure was also a reason for not allocating the relevant provisions.
Colombo, Kalutara, Gampaha, Galle, Matara, Kurunegala, Colombo, Negombo, Chilaw, Kegalle
95. Lunugamwehera
Rabo Bank, Netherlands and Australian Export Finance Insurance Company (EFIC)
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations given to me, I am of the opinion that,
Mr. K. P. Gunadasa
2.3 Internal Audit
5.1.5 Process of the Department of Elections
Police Sergeant (Orchestra)
Your attention is drawn to the Public Administration Circular 07/ 2020 dated 26.03.2020 and the Public Administration Circular 07/ 2020 (II) dated 04.04.2020 issued on the above matter.
However, according to the financial statements of the Project, the corresponding value of work-in-progress amounted to Rs. 3,393.55 million as at 31 December 2017.
04. Further, the particulars on amounts recovered within the first six months of 2020 corresponding to the arrears of revenue relevant to each year and the revenues which have been waived off on the approval received from the General Treasury within the period as per F.R. 113, if any, should also be submitted in accordance with Form No 2 attached herewith.
Adjustment on Dividend Received From Investee
All income has been recognized on an accrual basis.
For details on flood situations, please contact;
Further, measures have been taken to purchase 750 Trilingual Dictionaries.
The National Language Programme supported the Official Language Commission's legal review on it's regional presence as it was a part of  institutional strengthening, recommended by the Lessons Learned and Reconciliation Commission.
(c) Projects/ Contracts
This plant was taken over by the Thermal Complex for operations on 14th January 2013, after the successful completion of commissioning work.
Project Name/ RDA Division: 3/3 Wennappuwa-Kirimetiyana road B 473
13. People’s Merchant Finance PLC
Warakapola Pradeshiya Sabha
Upali Newspapers
2.2.2 Accounting Policies
11.1 Foundation stone to build the office quarters of the Deputy Commissioner of Elections of Gampaha District was laid on 16.10.2015 and the contract for the construction was offered to  Finite Lanka (PVT) Ltd., No. 260/1/2, First Floor, Kandy Road, Yakkala South, Yakkala.
A receipt should be submitted together with the voucher in order to confirm the receipt of money by the payee.
Download U. E. Form
National Channel
Identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and performing audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate, also provide a basis for my opinion.
Other Income
Expenditure on imports of intermediate goods, which account for about 60% of total imports, amounted to a value of USD 11,398 million in 2014, reflecting an 8% increase over 2013.
Issuing Condominium Certificates
The National Secretariat for Elders is mainly funded by the General Treasury and it is treated as a non-trading organization.
Department of Legal Affairs
A settled Title for every land
19 Trade And Other Receivables
Electrical consumables
In the light of all five indicators above, the opportunity for people to live in a safe environment has been widened in consequence of the measures adopted in general to have law and order established in the country.
Rs. 1,579,990
Adjustments for erroneous accounts payable to related parties
To encourage the development of current and future growth centers associated with the proposed interchange.
Country Partnership Strategies - 2015 - 2017
Susina Thirimanne
Cabinet Memorandums of the Ministry
Self Employment Traning Programme
Divi Neguma Subsidiaries and Social Security
19. Review of some aspects of Criminal Law
The objective of the project is to improve sanitation services to low-income households in the Greater Colombo area by increasing the sewerage house connections of the sewerage networks and improving on-site sanitation services at the household level.
2.2.7 Lack of Evidence for Audit
Colombo 07
Twenty of the forty projects submitted to the Cabinet for approval so far this year have been approved.
Preparation of progress report (Submission to the Parliament to obtain the provisions for the coming year)
Revenue from other sources (a)
Western South I
Comparison of data of the payroll system of the department with data of human resources management system, monthly.
Personal Emoluments
Similarly, action will be taken to revise the pension of the retired public employees and to pay the new pension in accordance with the new salary structure with effect from 01.01.2015.
Remedial works for high risk dams
Papaya
Identifying milestones in respect of achieving those targets, their respective activities, and criteria for their evaluation were not identified.
Salary payable from 01.01.2017 in terms of schedule II
Category Number
Awareness Program for community, executed simultaneously to the 700 Million Program
6.7 When effecting transfers to popular service stations, priority shall be given to those who are serving in unpopular service stations.
The main functions of the Finance Division
Sale of capital assets
As per the Loan Agreement, the estimated total cost of the Project amounted to US $ 208 million equivalent to Rs. 21,655 million and out of that, US $ 150 million equivalent to Rs. 15,275 million was agreed to be provided by the Asian Development Bank.
Guarantee Repairs Receivable
01st and 31st August
Dhamma School Work: -
It is also responsible for providing Radio (VHF and UHF) communication facilities for the operation and maintenance work in the Generation, Transmission, and especially in the Distribution Divisions and for the security services at the CEB.
If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.
81 Suruthy Boxes and 80 Thalams were purchased this year to be given to Aranery schools.
10. Telephone Number
Granting additional provisions as per Section 6 of the Appropriation Act
State Land Management
Department of the Registrar of Companies (ROC)
Tamil Makkal Viduthalai Pulikal
Mr. Waruna Priyashantha
13 Nos. Provincial roads at Nuwara Eliya district
To encourage the organizations which maintain the homes for children and elders, financial assistance is granted annually, following districts were provided financial assistance this year.
R. & D. - Research and Development
Conservation and development of environmental and economic values of natural heritages in Sri Lanka
447819( Approximately )
Reviewing the English language syllabus for public officers
3. Organizational Structure of the Ministry
The audit of financial statements of CFC Founding (Gurantee) Limited (“Company") for a period of 03 months of the year ended 31 March 2017 comprising the statement of financial position and the statement of comprehensive income for a period of 03 months and cash flow statement for the year then ended and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information, was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
Hashish
New technology for producing fresh coconut oil (Virgin)
3. Eheliyagoda
Defined benefit obligations
Completed Audits
vi. At such occasions where group transport facilities are provided to the officers as per the provisions in Para. 1:3 of Public Administration Circular 22/99 dated 08.10.1999, no officer, who obtains transport allowance shall be entitled to enjoy the group transport facilities.
Issuing Senior Citizens Identity Cards-Photographs and Senior Citizen Identity Cards have been provided free of charge for the Senior Citizens.
Relevant officers implement projects relevant to this department.
Date of Birth
(A). Preferences marked for candidates are counted at this stage.
As far as possible they were encouraged to operate within the Medium Term Budgetary Framework that had already been approved by the Parliament.
Empower the staff at all levels and convince them that they are responsible for their duties by minimizing interference in their affairs.
Health and Social Welfare, 6.49%
4.1. Organizational Structure of the Department
a. LKAS 27 Investment in Subsidiaries - The Company has measured its investments in subsidiaries at cost, which is the carrying amount as per SLAS at the date of transition 1 April 2011.
Ministry of Irrigation and Water Resources Management
1.5 Basis for Qualified Audit Opinion
The financial statements are presented in Sri Lankan Rupees, which is the Corporation’s functional currency.
3.4.3 Idle/ Under-utilized Assets
Basic electronics modules in Radios and Televisions
A Cabinet Memorandum was approved in 2011 to construct a provincial sports complex with international facilities for all provinces throughout the island and to construct district sports complexes to cover districts that do not have such provincial sports complexes.
Organization Chart
Identified Losses
15. Government Procurement Procedure
PL2 - 2016
Kurunagala,
Implementation of the National Policy Framework for Social Integration at the local government and community level
Accrual  EPF
Education Department
Rs. Mn.
I like to give my heartiest gratitude to the officers who took part in providing all the services.
Laying carpets valued at Rs. 4.7 million for the building of the Faculty of Medicine and spending a sum of Rs. 742,834 for that purpose
Obtaining and inspecting the annual accounts of the mosques and receiving donations to the Muslim Charitable Trust Fund and maintaining the fund
Grade 2 schools
13th World Wushu Championship 2015 – Indonesia
Non-conventional regenerative power
Support on the Victim and Witness Protection Act
Guiding, assisting and directly involving when maintenance is not carried out properly.
The report that includes the progress of 2014 and the programs for the coming year have been prepared and submitted at the time of presenting the Expenditure Head of the Ministry to the Parliament.
(5) Health & Safety Risk Management
Audit management meetings are held during the relevant period.
2.2.4. Other Revenue
Deferred Income
Beruwala, Ingiriya
Superintendent Circulars
Additional General Manager - (Corporate Strategy)
Electoral District No. 10 - Jaffna
1) Reporting Period
Deputy Project Director
Financial Review
The other one is the Non-Project Grant Aid for provision of high quality Japanese products.
Special programmes with reference to the above categories have been conducted by the Commission.
Six newspaper articles were published with the participation of Field Crops Research and Development Institute scientists during 2013.
(C) Akuressa
Budget Call – 2019
Further promoting basic principles of sustainable development and good governance;
The Ministry of Higher Education and Highways and Road Development Authority have functioned as the Executing and the Implementing Agencies of the Project during the year under review.
Idle Assets
CFC Founding (Gurantee) Limited had been established on 27 December 2016 on the approval received on 20 December 2016 for the Cabinet Paper No.16/2694/702/054-1 on the title of “Financial City-the establishment of a Limited Guarantee Company” and for the Cabinet Paper dated 16 December 2016 and the financial statements for the period of three months (03) of the year ended 31 March 2017 had been furnished to audit on 23 August 2019.
2. Sugathadasa National Sports Complex Authority
Construction of Ayagama Weekly Fair
X5 - Percentage of the length of roads to be developed out of total provincial road length (%)
(Projects)
02. Wattala Court Complex
04. Training Program for Judicial Clerks
Theme
Moreover, other unfinished work was submitted for continuing work.
Your attention is drawn to Chapter XXI of the Establishments Code and subsequent Public Administration Circulars issued in relation to the provisions of providing uniforms and tailoring fees.
Ministry of Buddha Sasana
Establishment of the Case Flow Management Committee at the National Level
Financial Progress from 01.01.2014 to 31.12.2014 (235-01-01)
The reasons for the increase in the deficiency in the financial results more than the previous year are the following matters which are beyond the control.
North Central 2,411,373
Furniture and Fittings
Progress  from 2014.01.01-2014.12.31
Fax: 0112430233
The manner, in which the instalments are paid, is given in the Table below.
3.4.3 Contract Administration
Balance at the end of the year - 556
The traffic congestion in the suburbs of Colombo is also expected to be eased by the reduction of the movement of containers in the Highways.
The impact arising from the above changes is summarized below:
The financial statements for the year under review had been presented to audit only on 11 May 2018.
Security Officer (Pilgrimage Guest House, Katharagama)
Galpayage Don Trimal Sampath
The objectives of the National Enterprise Development Authority under Section 13 of the National Enterprise Development Act No. 17 of 2006 are as follows.
Statutory Payables
ii. To establish a new mechanism to implement the projects and make the existing mechanism more efficient.
3.5.2 Failure to carry out maintenance and repairs
Fax: 2423606
Ensure meeting the goals set out in the Vision for the Future and Development Policy Framework of the Government
Our field staff regularly monitors their cultivations and provides necessary instructions and guidance they need.
Head of the Institution
Mr. M. D. Prabhath Buddhika
12. Children’s Day
5.20 At the end of the counting of votes, the divisional level and district results were prepared by the Returning Officers.
3.2. Historical Significance of Puttalam District
Total No. of Applications (Actions Taken)
Dividend Paid
Developing infrastructure and human resources to shift to advanced digital technology which enhances the quality of operations that enables competitive advantages
Grants
1.2 Qualified Opinion
Granted allocations to upgrade the Karagahatenna Transmitting Station with  08 new transmitters, antenna system, AC plant and generator.
During 2014, Sri Lanka has exported US $ 3.34 million worth of goods to India and Pakistan under SAPTA.
29.12.2014 152 (III) Special Circular for provision of relief to victims of prevailing disaster situations
Courts Security
Despite being not specifically stated in the Provincial Committee on Public Accounts, outstanding rent of Rupees 280,713 and outstanding trade stalls rent of Rupees 7,333 had been written off against the Accumulated Fund.
Department of Manpower & Employment
Unsettled advances (If any)
Road Section: Ganthalawa – Thambalagamuwa
Administrative Reforms for a Qualitative Service
But, according to the stated policy, these assets should be depreciated based on the economic useful life period of 35 years.
Discussion on Conservation and Utilization of Pollinators to which Dr. David Rubik participated.
As at 31.12.2013, the department has 1019 trusts and 130 estates which are managed by the department.
Roles assigned
Distribution costs
Assistant Director (Finance)
Don't use electrical appliances if wet.
It is observed that the target on transfer of government revenue decided by the General Treasury needs to be re-visited.
1.5.4. Unreconciled Control Account
However, the Aura system which the company uses for asset reporting automatically calculates the asset date.
Prepare development plants for the establishment of new botanical gardens in appropriate places
Biodiversity Surveys/Researches - Field research on conservation of pollinators under biotic pollination was facilitated.
Renovation of Vehicles
Your No:
Comprehensive Income for the for the year ended 31 March 2012
Page No. (Reference to relevant D. G. S. A. format)
This sales income recorded an increase of 28% in net profit from the earnings  valued at Rs.63 million.
The biography of the former Prime Minister, Hon. Sirimavo Bandaranayaike, videos on document management, and videos on Presidential Commissions are available.
Revised Public Administration Circulars
The purpose of language audits is to implement, test and follow recommendations.
Ratings
Reported
In addition, programs have been implemented to impart the necessary knowledge to the farmers to maintain animal husbandry as an effective business.
Bear enclosure and mixed deer species enclosure and the crocodile display unit will make this zoo more attractive.
Milk Industries Lanka Company
The appellant and any person notified may be represented by an Attorney–at–Low or by some other Person duly authorized by writing.
Orchards
Union Place
5.6 REGISTRATIONS OF MARRIAGE, BIRTH & DEATH
Setting up of Bilingual Facilitation Cells
Release of Cassette consisting Essays submitted in the Research Seminar, Suvioner,12th compilation of Hindu Encylopedia and Thiruvasaka songs.
Ministry Administration Heads 110 - 1, 2, 3
Promotion of appropriate nutritional technology for milk production
2. Eravur Town
Balance at 31 December 2012
(a) At the time of reconciliation of fuel stocks, certain advance payments for which the goods had been received has not been considered.
Achieve excellence in agriculture for national prosperity
A workshop was successfully concluded at Monaragala in the Uva Province.
Sectoral Distribution of the Foreign Financing Utilization during 2014
Annex II:  Submission of Annual Reports – State Owned Business Enterprises
5. Installation of auto reclosers, load break switches, and metering transformers at a total cost of 60 Million.
1.1 General
Triple Jump (Male)
Grant (Domestic) - Corporative Social Responsibility
Chile
Integrated Projects for Balanced Regional Development
Fellowship in the field of Non-Destructive Testing and Examination
Commercial Banks Weighted Average
Preservation, Promotion and Propagation of Hindu Religion, Hindu Religious Education, Hindu Culture and Arts and Renovation of Hindu Temples.
Awareness and Outreach Programs, conducting legal clinics and awareness programs are an integral part of the Legal Aid Commission mandate.
9. Civil status
Contract No.: C11
They are operated from Colombo, Kandy, Galle, Anuradapura, Samanalawewa and Laxapana.
The Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation was established by the Gazette dated 28.01.2013 of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the approved cadre for this Ministry is 81.
Test Marketing Fund (TMF)
Industry Registration
(g) Whether the expenditure had been correctly identified according to the classification adopted for the implementation of the Project,
Head of Divi Neguma
United National Party
Statement of items written off from the book and recoveries under F.R. 109 during the year written
Senior Scientific Officer, General Scientific Division, Atomic Energy Authority
Its contribution towards the establishment of a specific programme is to achieve these targets
Net Cash Flow from / (used in) Operating Activities
(a) A sum of Rs.16,316,700 paid to 4 construction service providers during the year under review as encashment of security bonds had been written off against the profit for the year under review instead of being debited to the debtors account in order to recover it from the contractors.
The Notes to the Financial Statements in pages (05) to (16) form an integral part of these Financial Statements.
“Cafe Classics” – Music program, old hits, live telecast
The construction of a well with a pumping station and the construction of a fence for new hostels has been completed.
The income generated was Rs. 350,000.00
Gonapeenuwala
Out of the balances of accounts receivable as at 31‍ December of the year under review amounting to Rs.69,595,424, there were balances of Rs.268,550 existed for more than ‍01 year and less than 03‍ years and there were balances of Rs.2,168,559 remained for more than 03 years.
Similarly, I would like to  appreciate the Board of Directors, all the officials of the Audit & Management Committee, Senior Management and the other staff for their dedication, commitment and loyalty, which has resulted in the Institute achieving this performance  and I would also like to thank our valued customers for the confidence they have placed on our Institute.
Number of votes obtained by the political parties that won seats from the contesting political parties and the number of seats won
Opening Ceremony of the SLPL Cricket Tournament
Approved Limit as per the Estimate for 2015
Registration of Language Associations and Conducting Language Courses with the purpose of developing Tamil language knowledge and promoting ethnic harmony
21. Construction of 1st Floor at Kegalle Civil Appellate High Court
Innovative models for service delivery
Director (Educational Programme)
Editorial Board Graphic and Supplements
iv. At such occasions where an officer, who obtains transport allowance, performs the duties of more than one post, to which an official vehicle is entitled, transport allowance and fuel allowance entitled to the substantive post shall strictly be paid and he is not entitled to an Official Vehicle or the allowances mentioned above in relation to the other posts.
August 14
Further this online Diploma/Higher Diploma and Degree programmes are providing motivational opportunity to the young generation to remain in agriculture having gained social recognition in the society.
Provision for Capital for the Development of Aranery Schools.
4. Summary of the Departmental Control Account (Annexure 4)
Combined Statement of Detailed Income
(Assistant Archivist)
Implementation of various development programs initiated by the Government in coordination with institutions coming under the Ministry.
Amount utilized as at 31.12.2014
The number of stalls so handed over from the year 2016 to 2018 was 20.
Continuous development of human resources and capacity building in the public sector is vital to achieve this goal.
Maha Sivarathri Special Pooja and Spiritual Cultural Programs were conducted with the assistance of the Department on 20th March at Sivan Temple, Ratnapura in order to celebrate the Maha Sivarathri Fast.
3.43:98 Minutes
INDIAN TAMIL
3.3 Human Resources Utilization
In addition to that, there is an emphasis on a timely necessity of getting the offenders as well as the people who can be offenders back into the right path.
(i) Out of the payable balance amounting to Rs.282,809,804 as at 31 December of the year under review, the balance unsettled for over 1 year amounted to Rs.37,0852,977.
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1.3 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Kobeigane Pradeshiya Sabha as at 31 December 2017 and its financial performance for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
Also, the Financial Statements of year 2018 prepared according to every Expenditure Head should be submitted to the Auditor General on or before 28th February 2019.
The following observations are made.
Revision of Budget 2015 and Accounting
Among them, there were 21 research articles which were published in peer reviewed journals.
Last Updated on Wednesday, 19 October 2016 08:48
Requests for capital and recurrent needs, submitted by the provinces are carefully examined and assessed by the Finance Commission before making recommendations to the Government.
Spiritual Development Programmes
(a) The Corporation had paid a surcharge of Rs.57,039 during the year under review due to the failure in paying the gratuity on the specified date in terms of the Payment of Gratuity Act to a former officer of the Bingiriya Factory.
The objective of this programme was to broaden the understanding of the general public including school children on the Official Language Policy.
D. G. S. A. 3 - Recurrent Expenditure by Project (for each program)
Self-Helper Groups Empowerment Workshop
20 Post and Telecommunication Employees' Co-operative Society Ltd.
After the service period of 40 machine hours, the road roller was not in working order and it was handed over to an unregistered private institution for repairs at an estimate of Rs. 1,011,000.
Three-day course on Introduction to Global Positioning Systems (GPS) and Satellite Mechanism
Under the category of minor offences, the number of offences against persons and the number of offences against properties are 15 and 11 respectively.
Project Number/ Name, Personal Paycheck and Other Costs for All Projects
Biostatistics
It was believed that various sweet music sounds are heard from the depth of the lagoon in front of the Fort of Dutch and these sounds are heard when there is no wind and in times of moonshine.
ABU Awards Festival
Utility
Animal Husbandry
(III) Paragraph 9.3.1
Number of Officers/ Employees
(a) A sum of Rs.39,735 had been over paid to the contractor due to reducing the height of the curbs of both sides of the road relating to the project of laying block stones of the Nakkawatta Angurukanda road.
I conducted my audit in accordance with the Sri Lanka Auditing Standards.
Recurrent Expenditure
As a result the decision to form language promotion circles in schools was made as an advanced step
Focused case files include 902 for the Narcotics Unit, 865 for the Child Abuse Unit, and 80 for the Public Petitions Unit.
Documentary evidences were not provided in the form of direct confirmation to verify the accuracy and existence of the balances of pre-payment and creditors amounting to Rs. 1,789,698,174 and Rs. 1,792,294,204 respectively as at 31 December 2013.
Deputy/ Assistant Director S. L. A. S.
RS 1 - 2016
Certificate course in Stores Management
Kankesanthurai
Approved.
Livestock development projects implemented during the year under review are as follows.
Estimates and based assumptions are reviewed on a continuous basis.
This annual bonus was paid to employees who worked on concrete products day and night.
Financial performance improved by 50% at the end of the year, spending 1.7% in the 3rd quarter and 49.9% in the fourth quarter.
Galle town has been highly praised by several literary works  such as Mayura, Thisara, Paravi, Kokila and many other poems written in the Kotte Era which is considered the Golden Age of Sri Lankan Literary Art which shows the value of Galle not only in the historical perspective but also from the literary perspective.
P.O.Box-1382,
The Royal Botanical Gardens plays a key role among the attractive Botanical Gardens in Sri Lanka as a tourists paradise of local & foreign visitors who appreciate the natural beauty.
4 - Quarter
Sectoral Utilization (USD Million)
Providing library services and information
National Audit Office
(b) A difference of Rs. 2,789,301 existed between the balances of financial statements and the Register of Fixed Assets/ information provided by the Sabha with respect to 09 items of account.
Mr. T. M. A. D. Samaraweera
Net Expenditure (Rs.)
Those Standards intend that I comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements.
This is the total value of the fixed assets located in the National Secretariat for Elders and Divisional Secretariats.
Potassium Hydroxide
I.T. - Information Technology
Head of the Department
Name of the Road / Bridge: Gangei Bridge
Presentations
Conducted at Kokkeralla Uthurupavva Vihara, Kurunagala from 08.11.2014 to 9.11.2014.
Power Purchase Agreement between Ceylon Electricity Board & Trincomalee Power Company Limited
Certificate Awarding Ceremony for Supervisors, Managers and Safety Officers who are engaged in the plantation field and successfully completed the Higher Course on occupational safety and health was held on 12th October 2012 at Galle Face Hotel under the patronage of Hon. Minister Gamini Lokuge.
Assistant Director (Administration)
Supplied furniture to the Maintenance Unit .
The targets stipulated in the Action Plans would not be achieved.
The time frame is considered to be the period of 2016-2020.
Greater Colombo Transmission and Distribution Loss Reduction Project
Construction and Modernization of Dumbara Plantation Hospital
Training courses on book binding
Siyambalanduwe Athage Nikama Yama
Ease traffic congestion in present Colombo - Kandy route
Membership related activities
No. of lanes
1.2.2. Unidentified Transactions
The Corporation generated additional income by entering into sponsorship agreements with various institutions to produce such programs.
Unquoted Investments
(ii) Non-preparation of age analysis.
Officers who obtained new appoinments
This responsibility includes designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; selecting and applying appropriate accounting policies and making accounting estimates that are responsible in the circumstances
In 2012 the Marketing Division generated Rs. 1,825 million by exceeding the expected revenue by selling air time on Rupavahini and Channel Eye.
Lubricating oil
The National Institute of Design, Sri Lanka, which runs the National Design Center, organizes diploma courses in design, and it has created educational opportunities for young groups interested in studying design.
Central 5,600 12.4 1,300 11.8
RAS/9/065
Nilaveli Police Station
The nature of the payments / obligations should be identified as follows.
Refundable tender fees
Acid Ratio (Number of times)
But it is expected that the BFS will be disconnected at the end of 2018.
Additional Director General
No. of Creditors
Office equipment 10%
Aerial surveys
To direct the implementation of such policies, programmes and projects with a view to achieving the relevant national objectives within time lines agreed with the national Planning Authorities and within budgeted resources
Sri Lanka Scientific Service
3. Mr. K. Markandu
Improvement of circuit bungalow in Anuradhapura
In 2015, The Ministry and the institutions under the purview of the Ministry were able to get succeeded in performing rehabilitation, operation and maintenance of existing irrigation systems as well as the productivity development programs effectively.
Grama Niladhari Division: West of Aruwala
iii. Paragraph 9.3.1 (i)
Trade and other debts have been mentioned in the Financial Statements on their net realized value.
Therefore, it is a major function of the Village Committee to make recommendations based on the proposals received at the divisional level.
Preparation of Foreign Aid Chapter for the Annual Report of the Ministry of Finance and Planning
This project includes Publication Bureau, Exhibition Unit and other related functions.
Act No. 02 of 2013 provides for the extension of the period of arrest and detention for specified offenses and the order extending the relevant period again was passed in Parliament on 19.03.2015.
the financial covenants laid down in Loan Agreement had been complied with.
Loan Capital (Rs):
The recruitment of qualified officers to fill the vacancies of stenographers was completed by conducting an interview with those who qualified at the written examination and practical tests.
Preparation of appropriation account and advances to public officers ‘b’ account and submit to the Auditor General on time.
So far 27 NCB packages have been awarded at a cost of Rs 1,261 million.
iii) Project expenditure had increased by 337% in comparison to the previous year owing to the expenses incurred on Janasevana project and the establishment of management corporations.
Revenue from technology transfer showed a 43% increase from last year’s figure of Rs. 2.8 Million to 4.0 Million.
(II) The overall newspaper sales revenue of the Company had decreased by 3% to Rs. 408.9 million last year and the prices of one newspaper had been increased by 20% with effect from 06 January 2013.
Web streaming service
Being referred for jobs and encouraging them for self-employment.
7. Commencement of Bhathkande Examination
Capital and Reserves
Salaries/allowances –
The contribution from the basic salary mentioned in Schedule II for Widows'/ Widowers' and Orphans' Pension should be as follows.
Director-General of State Accounts
4.3.1.6 Course on the Programmable Logic Controller
Hence, a difference of Rs. 933,897 is observed between two balances.
Source (Department of National Budget/ Department of State Accounts)
Ali Zahir Moulana Zeid
6. All other activities relevant to the subjects assigned to the associate Departments, statutory bodies and public corporations affiliated to the Ministry of Sports
Training for Water Masters
06.00 p.m. to 07.00 p.m.
At this stage, the counting of votes and preferences in a counting centre comes to an end.
Activities / Sub activities
Financial Progress from 2015.01.01 to 2015.12.31(234-01-01)
2. Construction of Archives Room and Case record room at Mahiyangana District / Magistrate Court
In the varietal improvement program, one line superior over Dambulla selection was identified.
True values ​​against advance limits on advance accounts
Reformation of Textbooks of Hindu Aranery School Students
Recurrent Expenditure 101,770,000.000 73,331,633.133
Fax - 021 2283656
Let us be the forerunners of a public service enriched with humanity.
Other than this, a capital grant of nearly 5000 million rupees was received for the development activities of the District.
China, Japan, Korea, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia & Singapore Division
Operating Profit/ Loss before working capital changes
Ransirimal Teledrama
Reclassification
Number of Members of Local Government and Members of Provincial Councils and Parliament by Electorates and Divisional Secretariats
Leased institution
In view of converting the Department of Elections to the Election Commission with effect from 17.11.2015, action was taken to obtain approval of the Management Services Department for a separate staff to carry out the activities of the Election Commission and to attach the whole staff, who were serving in the Department of Elections to the Election Commission.
Based on the information available, the table below shows the financial position at the end of the year under review and the year before.
Tax is recognized in the statement of Comprehensive Income Statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income.
TV/ Radio Programs
02.3 Transfers within one and the same Departments
iii. To control events of infringement or imminent infringement of peace
out of 10 teledramas subjected to a test check that factor had not been considered in the purchase of 04 teledramas valued at Rs. 54,290,000.
Language society representatives of Thanamalwila, Buttala, Wellawaya participated in this.
Printing and distribution of Dhamma School text books for grads 1-12
Strategic Stock
Maintaining the health of the sacred bo–tree at Anuradhapura
Uduwil, Sandilippai
The Project is the first sector loan in Sri Lanka. The Loan was signed in Colombo on 14 December 2006 and became effective on 20 February 2007.
Unspecified Disaster Advances
Set Up Control Point for mapping
Contribution & Membership Fee
Telephone: 0112329733 / 0112436114
(e) National Defence Levy Act No. 36 of 1995
Aircraft
Western North
The interim allowance of Rs. 3500/-, which is paid monthly to the pensioners as per the Public Administration Circular No. 05/2015 dated 11.02.2015 shall not be paid to the officers who retire after 01.01.2016 under this Circular.
I conducted my audit in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards (SLAuSs).
Mr. Jayantha Premakumara
We have audited the accompanying Financial Statements of Lanka Logistics & Technologies Limited, which comprise the Statement of Financial Position as at 31st March 2014 and the Statement of Comprehensive Income, Statement of Changes in Equity and Cash Flows for the year then ended 31 March 2014 and a Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and other explanatory Notes as set out on Pages (01) to (17).
Superintendent of Police
A case had been filed on 11 February 2008 for the recovery of the money together with legal interest.
Zoo and Country
Thus, the Ceylon Electricity Board has considered the Government of Sri Lanka and other government related entities which are controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by the Government of Sri Lanka, as related parties according to LKAS 24, Related Party Disclosures.
A case has been filed in the Colombo District Courts under Case No. 53429/MR to recover the dues amounting to Rs. 807,187.50 from Lanka Net (Pvt) Ltd.
2.2. Strengthening Welfare, Development and Follow up Process of Prisoner Families
Samarakoon Mudiyanselage Manoj Sanjeewa Samarakoon
Alluvial soil volume, which is conducive for paddy cultivation, one of the main occupation of the district can be seen in the western part of the district.
Necessary action has not been taken to revise estimates by informing the Department of Fiscal Policy whenever necessary
The main objective of this project is to stabilize and increase agricultural production in some selected major medium irrigation schemes by rehabilitating the essential components of the downstream canal system.
4. Overall Performance of the Ministry
Value brought forward
II. To grant maternity leave with full pay for eighty four days (84) to female trainees, who have completed a training period of nine months (09).
Ministry of Labour and Labour Relations
Mr. G. Aspathiyegedara
Actions had not been taken on 02 unclaimed deposits.
Such training programs are to be designed and implemented by using facilities also available in the private sector.
The Library is considered as one of the main units of the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation under the supervision of Programme Production Service.
Quarterly progress review meetings of the department and institution under the Ministry were held.
12. Physical and Mental empowerment division
Conduct of the Welisra Police Mobile Service presided over by the Hon. Minister,  Mr. John Amaratunga on the 10th of May
Directors: 1. Nimal Perera
Leadership Training
Another 141 complaints are being investigated.
As a result, investor’s share of profit or loss and changes in investee’s other comprehensive income up to the date of transition has been adjusted to retained earnings and investor’s share of profit or loss for the reporting period 2012 and has been recognized in statement of comprehensive income.
The above divisions and units are functioning to perform the main functions of the Attorney General's Department and the Establishments Division and the Accounts Division have been established to direct the administrative activities of the Attorney General's Department.
Electrical Engineer, Ceylon Electricity Board, Chittampalam A. Gardiner Mawatha, Colombo
Mobile Communication Tower Tax
Preparation of the Ministerial Newsletter
Number of Deaths
National Conference on Library and Information Science 1 day
5. Report on other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
Bindu
Hardware Recovery for Jingle Boxes HRJB
G.P.S. Control Points
The procedures selected depend on the Auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
The National Language Project continues its support for this, with support from the Asia Foundation..
Panadura   01
iv. Crimes related to Excise and Drugs
The Treasury Accounting Statements including transactions of the summary of accounts in December 2015 will be released through the Treasury Website http/www.treasury.gov.lk.
The training programme was conducted for the staff of the Ministry for the purpose of updating the Ministry's website.
Your attention is drawn to the State Accounts Circulars No. 173/2004 and subsequent amendment No. 173/2004 (1) dated 11.11.2019 on providing Treasury Monthly Accounting Printed Statements through the internet.
Name of the member elected / Action taken
(f) Publicity expenditure of the year 2011 amounting to Rs. 1,471,000 had been shown under the accrued expense without taking action for payment.
Progress from 01.01.2014 to 31.12.2014
Dr. Lal Ekanayake participated in a workshop on 'Managing and Maintaining Sports Facilities in Developing Countries' in China.
10. Asia Asset Finance Ltd.
Deputy Director (Finance)
The total installed capacity of the complex was 564 MW and it generated 1325.90 GWh during the year 2013.
02. The Function of the Ministry of Justice
Auditing of Government institutions of those Divisional Secretariats where the minority is above15%
08.1 Facilitating Initiatives for Social Cohesion and Transformation (FLICT)
In terms of section 127 of the Parliamentary Elections Act No. 1 of 1981, if any recognized political party, who has received not less than one per cent of the valid votes cast in the previous general election, has submitted a nomination paper for that electoral district at the relevant election that recognized party is entitled to receive financial aid as a government grant.
(c) Public Enterprises Circular No. PED/12 of 02 June 2003
However, these barriers can be substantially overcome by taking measures such as distribution of research grants (including projects funded by Treasury funds) and income from research projects to employees.
All Provincial Competitions were completed and the All Island Final was held on 29th and 30th November 2014 at Fatima Balika Vidyalaya, Colombo-12.
1.2.5. Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
5.2 Annual Action Plan
2.2 Amendment of the by-laws of Co-operative Societies
We will succeed by being innovative, supportive and efficient by giving first priority to the customer.
Balance as at 31.12.2015
Expansion of Botanical Gardens, representing all the regions of the island.
4:1 Awarding New year gifts to old Tower Hall Artistes
9.6.6 Among other officers who served in the department and retired during 2015, Mr. J.A.M. Jayaratne of Moneragala District Elections Office assumed his duties in the Department of Elections on 08.03.1978 and was serving as the Chief Public Management Assistant of the Moneragala District Elections Office at the time of his retirement on 20.01.2015.
Total Revenue Rs. 413, 518.60
Assistance
Environmental Protection
Determination of limits for the Commercial, Stores and Public Officer’s Advance Accounts in consultation with the spending agencies and consideration of the requests for revision of limits
Plant,Machinery & other office equipment
Awards and Indemnities
Reviewing the Activities During 2014
Carrying out researches and analyses on drugs
Following the re-establishment of the Paddy Marketing Board in 2007, the Government's intention was to propose a guaranteed price to farmers engaged in paddy production to maintain their economic status at a stable level, to purchase paddy products at that guaranteed price and to create a rice market where consumers are provided with a more reasonable price.
During the year 2011, 58,352 metric tons of common Portland cement was imported, while in the year 2012, 28,249 metric tons of Portland cement was imported.
This is done under religious, cultural and traditional themes enabling the Muslim community to be in touch with their religion and culture.
The Generation Projects Branch in the Generation Division is responsible for the planning, implementation, and management of plant rehabilitation projects coming under the purview of the Generation Division.
Oscilloscopes
Wildlife circuit bungalow, Chundikulam was opened for the public.
Loan Received
The first phase (construction of underground columns) and the second phase (concrete structure) have been completed and the third phase (completion of the building) has not been allocated for the year 2014.
The Vision, Mission and the objectives of the Ministry of Sports
Empowering Women leaders for Social Integration
Ensuring the safety of wild animal species living outside the wildlife reservation areas.
Estimated  Cost (Rs.)
Assistant
Reservations for outdated and immovable stocks
And the second objective of mine is to steer the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health which comes under my Ministry in the correct path in achieving its objectives, realizing the necessity of the contribution of a healthy workforce in order to bring about an economic development.
Divisional Secretariat
Programmes and Performance Report
Department of Meteorology -
6.4 Improving Education
News gathering - local
Other Payables
Compilation of data base
Sri Lanka Cashew Corporation
3.2. Implement personal development programmes to socialize inmates who are freed and granted home leave to release them as good citizens
At district level, certificates and cash prizes of Rs 3000/-, Rs 2000/- and Rs 1000/- respectively were awarded to 161 students who got first place, 144 students who got second place and 129 students who got third place.
In order to make the preparation of the salary conversions more convenient, conversion tables for each Grade have been indicated separately in Schedule II with the inclusion of Salary Points which would be granted unless promoted to the immediate higher Grade of each Salary Scale mentioned in the Schedule I.
Provisions allocated for 2014-Rs. 30.00 million
3. 4 Operational Inefficiencies
Senior Research Engineer
Deputy Commissioner / Assistant Commissioner (Departmental)
The officers in local government bodies of Western Province and the Executive Officers of public institutes participated in this workshop.
Action should be taken to recover the arrears.
Even though, construction works had been proceeded year under review  at cost of Rs. 24 million by the Office of the Deputy Chief Secretary – Personnel Training, the ownership of the land belongs to the Divisional Secretariat, Karachchi, had not been changed to name of Chief Secretary of the Northern province.
Making of  door mats
Reasons for deposits over 2 years and the relevant values should be mentioned separately
Statistical Section
The Corporation had entered into two agreements in the year 1990 with an International Company established in the United States of America, for the import of clinker, a raw material required for the production of cement.
Downloads
It was observed that water restriction during the second month is more critical on maize yield compared to that of the first and the third month of the growth cycle.
(b) Acreage Tax
It was necessary to take measures to improve this area.
As a result, the ability to expedite the closure of the relevant account is minimized.
F. R. 225 (1) – Rs. 638,862/-
3. P. K. S. Subodhini
In addition to this, Convectional rains together with cyclones contribute to the rainfall.
The Hotline Maintenance Unit of the Transmission Operation and Maintenance Branch undertakes Hot/Live line maintenance of 132 kV and 220 kV Transmission lines.
2. Mann/Joseph Vaz R.C.T. School
Housing Development Finance Corporation
Private Company
According to the financial statements and information made available, the expenditure of the Project for the year ended 31 December 2017 amounted to US$ 1.64 million equivalent to Rs. 250.08 million and the cumulative expenditure as at 31 December 2017 amounted to Rs. 426.17 million.
Rehabilitation of 79 km long road in the self-protection zone around Gal Oya National Park
7. Supplying Loudspeakers to the Salawa Ranaviru village
Accordingly, 23 Indian offenders, 50 Pakistan offenders, and one Maldives offender have been transferred to the relevant countries.
(3) b. Trade and other receipts
(a) Spouse - Half of the relevant compensation
Police Constable (Mechanical)
Under this study, it has been investigated the agricultural areas of Kalpitiya Peninsula in Puttalam District in order to identify the possible areas to adopt artificial recharge techniques.
Snacks with rice bran flavoured with antioxidant properties
Ammonium Nitrate
All other expenditure, including expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands, is recognized in the income Statement as incurred.
10.2.4. Mr. E. A. Weerasena, Chief Accountant of the Elections Secretariat attended the Capacity Building Program for Financial Managers held in the United Kingdom from 21.06.2015 to 01.07.2015.
5. Manmunai North
Description of Work:
Control and management of mango hoppers
Subsequently, the period of the Project had been extended up to 20 June 2017.
District Secretariat Mullaitivu
Singapore
Non current liabilities
As per the extra ordinarily gazette notification dated 22.11.2010, the purview of the Ministry of Industry and Commerce are as follows.
District Secretaries/ Government Agents,
Document restoration
Single Episode
Summerland Property Developers
7 Uva
May - 47th Asian Development Bank Conference held in Astana, Kazakhstan
2. Number of duplicates of deeds obtained
The summary of the files referred to the Department for the arbitration from Co-operative Societies in the year 2014 in terms of Section 58 of the Co-operative Societies Act No. 5 of 1972 that is read along with the Amendment Act No. 11 of 1992 and the Amendment Act No. 32 of 1983 is as follows.
Divisional Secretariat, Badalkumbura
Implement, coordinate and monitor activities related to hazard mapping, risk assessment, disaster mitigation, disaster preparedness, management of emergency operations and post-disaster activities
The Accounts Division is entrusted with all financial affairs and the procurement activities of the Department.
10.10:56 Minutes
The Board of Trustees appoints three directors and the shareholders appoint two directors.
Music Unit,
It is observed that most of the provisions allocated for Capital expenditure have not been properly utilized during the financial year 2016.
Bangladesh  01
Exchange and non-exchange revenues are recognized on the cash receipts during the accounting period irrespective of taxable period.
13. National Literary Arts Festival
Orphans
7. Independence Day Live
Preparing Progress and Action Plan Report and submitting it to the Parliament during the budget discussions.
School
Transfer -1%
(b) According to the Annual Action Plan, the sale of 121,000 metric tons of cement and earning an income of Rs. 1,597,200,000 therefrom had been targeted.
Following the Extraordinary Gazette Notification No. 1619/24 dated 18.09.2009 amending the Extraordinary Gazette Notification No. 1467/15 dated 17.10.2006 regarding the provision of access facilities to persons with disabilities, the following matters are brought to the notice of the public of Sri Lanka.
Entire estimated provisions of Rs. 3,400,000 reserved for upgrading of employees motivation and efficiency, 10 social welfare activities and Information Communication Technology Plan had been saved.
However, those reports had not been submitted even as at end of the year under review.
It is a great pleasure and satisfaction that in 2013, the policy decisions taken in this respect have rendered a broader national service than in previous years.
The revaluation reserve relates to the revaluation surplus of property, plant and equipment as per the valuation carried out in 1993, once the respective revalued assets have been derecognized, portion of revalued surplus is transferred to retained earnings.
(b) The Heads of Departments shall take necessary action as per the provisions of Public Administration Circular 27/91 dated 07.08.1991, if the officers who are provided with the allowance mentioned at 02 (a) above refrain from wearing uniforms during duty hours.
More than 25
C. J. K. Perera
Actual Expenditure 6
Hockey
Habarana Grid Substation Augmentation
Non-compliance with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions
Daily live telecast for G.C.E. (O/L & A/L) students
(i) This institution was ruled by an acting Director during the period concerned and the estimation in this regard was mistakenly unable to be approved.
To be the leader in the gift and souvenir market in Sri Lanka
Category 3
The objective of the branch is to establish a modern integrated management system to increase the economic standard of farming community.
Expansion of wildlife reserve network
In order to accomplish the vision of the Ministry the objectives of the institutions under the purview of the Ministry have to be achieved and the environment conducive for achieving such objectives has to be created.
One training program on the use of fire arms, a communication program on the use of communication equipment and 02 awareness programs on Wildlife Law were held.
Greening the Industries
Mrs. K.D.N. Kodikara
Therefore, the Ministry of Law and Order was established to carry out that responsibility.
Employment in the year 2014
The purchases amounting to Rs. 144,154 had been made without obtaining the quotations in terms of the provisions of the Procurement Guidelines.
Ministry of Foreign Employment Promotion and Welfare
The decrease in net assets from 01.01.2009 to 31.12.2013 is by 32% and not by 39%.
Food Department / A part - Lanka Sathosa
Reasons for the difference
There were no varieties found to be resistant to anthracnose and purple blotch diseases.
It was taken over by the government in 1936 and now operates within an area of 23 acres.
National Secretariat for Volunteer Affairs (NVS)
Number of Committees Set Up
01 Hearing of Appeals
Note 09-trade debtors & other receivables
Board Member
3.5 Irrigation Activities in the District
18000 copies of the book titled “Let’s Learn Sinhala, Tamil and English was distributed free of charge at the exhibition premises.
Nature of Training
Mr. W. P. A. F. Gunasekara
Mr. J.K.N.C. Perera (Acting Director) with effect from 26.07.2012
Mr.H.P.Dharmasena
Of it, 12,822 passports were for all countries whereas 17,369 passports were for Middle East countries.
So far,  two issues have been completed.
(iii) Fixed assets
3. Since the expenditure amounted to Rs. 11,414,732. 70 spent on repair and amplification of the Elders Homes are not belonging to the National Council for Elders, these will not be credited as capital expenditure.
The Corporation had benefited with a very good return (dividend) on this investment up to 1999.
Instant food products from local rice varieties
The deficiencies observed during the course of the audit were brought to the notice of the Sabha from time to time and special attention is needed in respect of the following areas of controls.
04. Matara
Environmental Impact Assessments,
New payments for 2011
Land Area with Inland Water (Square Kilometers)
Bills in hand
(d) A sum of Rs. 60,431 recoverable from 05 trade stalls leased out in the Nikaweratiya bus stand had not been recovered even by July 2018.
Pesalai Murugan
Age analysis of Loans/ Advance balances to be received
Ex-situ conservation of endemic and exotic animal species and their breeding.
Cooperation and investment opportunities in the tourism industry
8. Construction of New Security Hut at Horana Court Complex
3.1.2 A sum of Rs. 547,000 had been received from a private institution in the year 2009 for the supply of 56 aquaculture equipment to the participants of the course of the Regional College at Batticaloa.
Overdraft Interest
The progress review of the language societies in the Ratnapura District was done on 12.09.2014.
1.2 Principal Activities and Nature of Operations
Income tax over provision for the year 2010
Name of the Department / Ministry managing the account:
Clear, valid reasons should be compulsorily mentioned for columns 7, 8 and 9.
All the representatives are made aware on the spirit of each and every religions at these programs and inter religious issues which have been arisen and how to address those issues are the topics of these discussions.
Rehabilitation and Improvement of Capital Assets
Cumulative Expenditure as at 31.12.2014 ( Rs. Mn. )
5 - 10 years
10 Mr. D.M. Heenbanda Deputy Commissioner
3.4 km: 14.34 km
It was held at the Road Institute from 16th of November 2014 to 5th November 2014.
Problems that arise in Institutions joining this cooperation were identified and Preliminary discussions were held with the Department of Police to address any issues faced by the institutes joining this cooperation.
The Project commenced its activities on 01 May 2017 and is scheduled to be completed by 30 June 2020.
The increase in the cost of production from year 2002 is given in Table iv.
Action not taken to identify and gazette the areas for assessment
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the corporation and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
Road Development Authority - Colombo
Motor vehicle material
Similarly, the Audit and Management Committee was able to offer guidance to the decisions taken from time to time by the Board of Directors.
ii. Fee for searching documents
For this purpose, the necessity of three police stations has been identified.
The arrears of receipts amounting to 8 million Rupees  relating to the preceding years had also been included in the revenue collected in the year under review.
Ministry of National Co-existence, Dialogue and Official Languages
9.1.1 The Office of the Election Commission was established to perform the duties and functions of the Commission under the aegis of a Secretary.
On behalf of the Board of Directors
3.4.1 Assets not recorded
Sheet Rubber No. 1
g) Whether the financial statements had been prepared on the basis of Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards,
A stock of firewood valued at Rs.6,965,913 remained with the Corporation as at 31 December 2012.
Personal Emoluments
As a result of the facts set out in paragraph 2.2.6 of this report, I am unable to determine whether there was a need to make any adjustments in relation to the subjects or elements that were recorded or not recorded in the Comprehensive Income Statement, the Declaration of Change Declaration and the Cash Flow Statement.
In-house production - others
Owners of condominium property constructed by the private sector not residing permanently in them.
The Law Commission proposed to consider legal issues such as the Bail act, Partition act, Custody of Children, Marriageable age, Revocation of gifts, Parate – execution, and amendment of Supreme Court Rule.
Before 30th June
The board recommended 11 applications out of 18 submitted in the period of review.
Number of villages: 622
United Arab Emirates  22
The Uma Oya Multipurpose Development Project is a water transfer, energy generation, and irrigation facility from another area to the southeastern part of the central hills of Sri Lanka.
They are to be serviced 04 times a year.
National Congress
9.5.5 Four officers of the Public Management Assistants Service, who were serving at the Department of Elections namely, Mr. U.A.A. Priyadarshana (Ratnapura), Ms. G.B.C.D. Wijesinghe (Ratnapura), Ms. M.A.D.G. Madawala (Hambantota) and Mr. K.D.L.N.T. Ranasinghe (Kandy) were released from the Department of Elections in 2015 as they obtained positions in the Public Service and other fields.
Lack of Evidence for Audit
Submitted the following Reports on time.
Number of Schools and Teachers
L. T. N. D. P./ G. E. F./ S. G. P. member programs
Due
Social integration
The district level exhibition for the year 2014 was conducted at the Mannar Town Hall on 17.07.2014 under the Chairmanship of Director, Department of Rural Development.
(Election Commission – From 17th November 2015)
Commitments -
4.2 Operating Inefficiencies
Expenditure Summary
In addition, the Ministry takes measures to get recommendations from technical institutions such as Industrial Technology Institute (ITI) for environmentally sensitive projects.
Agency commission
Secretaries of All Ministries,
07. Time table for transfers
Profit for this year (2011)
Net cash flow channelled for investment activities
Distribution of Wheel Chairs
Muslim
14. Economic Service Charge (Amendment) Act 13/ 2015
Accordingly, the updated cadre information prepared pursuant to the changes that take place in Public Sector pertaining to recruitments, resignations, vacation of posts, dismissals, retirements and deaths, should be forwarded to the Department of Management Services via email address 'cadreinformation@gmail.com' furnishing the information at the end of each quarter in an Excel spreadsheet as per the specimen application attached herewith.
02.Enhancing technological knowledge needed to conduct experiments on lesser known & under utilized plants
It was expected to reach following goals as given in the table below as per the prepared action plan for year 2014 based on the medieval development plan of the Department of Community Based Corrections.
Further, an officer was appointed for the post of Laboratory Superintendent by way of a structured interview on 23.07.2014 as per the relevant Scheme of Recruitment.
400m free stroke
Loan cut off
413 couples who lived together have been registered free of charge in 2014.
Programs were organized to uplift the differently-abled persons for social and cultural development, provision of disaster relief services and child protection.
(A) Seruwila
Compliance Report
The main functions of this department are;
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in the basis for Qualified Opinion section of this report, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Nikawratiya Pradeshiya Sabha as at 31 December 2018 and its financial performance for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
I communicated with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that I identified during my audit.
Export Cess
Holding the National Miladun Nabi Birthday State Celebration.
Expenditure up to 30.09.2015 (Rs.)
In order to fulfill the medical needs of ITI employees, the institute was successfully able to implement a contributory Medical Insurance scheme for its staff, with the Sri Lanka Insurance Corporation, which was a much needed move and a long awaited requirement.
Funding
Disaster Management Branch
ICT Assistant MT 1
Diseases
Amount (USD million)
Mrs. W.H. Disna Sandamali
Assisting the Ministry of Co-operatives and Internal Trade to coordinate with Provincial Co-operative Ministers, Ministerial Secretaries, Provincial Commissioner of Co-operative Development and Registrars of Cooperative Development.
IV. Deposit
The center will provide an opportunity for international companies to resolve commercial disputes.
Mrs. H. M. Peiris
Voluntary organizations, artisans, and other outside organizations engaged in this field are also constantly involved in achieving the above objectives.
Mrs. Sulari Colombage
2. Replacing of benchmarks including the benchmarks destroyed especially in the Northern and Eastern areas under the update of national level network
Number of Recruitments
Divisional Secretariats
Counting was done at 1,419 counting centers and 304 out of them were for counting of postal votes.
Mrs. D. Yamuna Priyadarshani/ Mrs. Kamani Dias
Additional financing requirement of the Dam Protection and Water Resources Planning Project
20 vocational trainers in Sinhala medium and 20 vocational trainers in Tamil medium were participated in the same.
Report of the Board of Directors
Duli Pintharu Teledrama
Other functions include providing food and other necessities to passengers, and running a business as a cafe and restaurant owner.
This seems to be due to the increase in crimes against women.
Southern 9%
Instances of each of such institutions getting involved with the institutions under our Ministry and the problems that arise in such instances were identified and preliminary discussions in that regard were held with the Department of Police.
Instances of non-compliance with the provisions of laws, rules, regulations and management decisions are given below.
As a national body serving a very vital function, revenue is collected according to a government-approved tariff structure.
Ambulances
To establish the EDXRF with secondary targets (Al, Ca, Ti, Fe and Zr) in the air analysis
Denzil Kobbekaduwa Mawatha,
Paddy (Maha Season)
Mr. B.G.Sumedha Athulasiri
Office Management and Financial Regulations
b)General information to be updated annually/once every six months
1) The Infrastructure division of the Ministry of Justice performs a number of important functions such as construction, repair, and maintenance of new court complexes and Judges' quarters required for the judicial system
Accordingly, the assessment of salaries and wages is calculated taking into account the actual living cadre within the approved staffing limit.
Thaippongal – Stamp Release
Telephone No.:
c. LKAS 19 - Employee benefits, since the Company measures its defined benefits obligation using formula method.
Participation of the Board of Trustees
(f) Non-current Liabilities
(ii) Board of Survey Reports
I conducted my audit in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards (SLAuSs).
This plant uses Diesel and chemical Naphtha obtained from the CPC.
20 Cameras 01 01
300 Hac.
Mirijawila Botanic Garden
Meeting local demand by developing high quality livestock production
Number of Beneficiaries
10. Ministry of Health, Department of Health
Wednesday, 02 August, 2017
3.6 Procurements
Mattala International Airport Restaurant
Arrangements have been made to conduct these surveys annually as a continuous program to collect basic information on the construction industry.
In 2010 the Ministry of Science & Technology has been renamed as Ministry of Technology & Research and the ACCIMT too continues function under the purview of this Ministry.
Integrated Road Investment Programme - Phase I
Assistant / Deputy Director (Administration)
Remitted but cash balance as on 31.12.2019 not updated in treasury books
Provision of Financial assistance over a death of a war hero or any other disaster
C 2402
Mr. Gajaba Weerasinghe
(c) That the initial deposits and closing balances of the Special (Dollar) Account, withdrawals from that account and replenishment had been truly and fairly disclosed in the books and records maintained by the Program and the balance as at 31 December 2017 had been satisfactorily reconciled with the accounting records of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka as at that date.
It should be repaired to be usable.
4. Wekanda national housing scheme, Slave Island, Colombo 02 – (42 houses)
04 years
Official Languages Policy and its legal background
Sound Operator Assistant
The new van bearing No. NB-1527 has been provided to the value of Rs.9, 100,000 from the General Treasury as per the National Budget Circular bearing No.150.
Advance
Progress of the reports from 01.01.2014 to 31.12.2014
Upgrading of Kalamatiya Ocean University
Hotel Developers Lanka PLC
It is the main government institution which recommends legal reforms.
Based on this information, National Accounts are computed by the Head Office.
Ministry of Defense and Urban Development 01
Cabinet approval is not required.
The Medicinal Garden, which was established in 1952 is located in the Ganewatta area, 15 km from the town of Kurunegala in the North Western Province.
Project Name/ RDA Division: Mahaweli - Seruwawila - Somawathiya at Kandakadu
Rehabilitation/ Reconstruction of 32 bridges and one by-pass road under the Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development:
Total Expenditure (Rupees)
Sandanayaka Mudiyanselage Pemadasa
Financial Assistance for Aranery School Building (Assistance for the building of Polonnaruwa Utaradi Pillayar Kovil)
Date of Audit
(f) Dividend Income
Two soybean lines were tested for soybean mosaic virus with the check varieties.
12. National Cadet Wrestling Tournament
Main Conference of the National Occupational Safety and Health Week The conference which is considered as the key program of the National Occupational Safety and Health Week
Hence, a deference of Rs. 9,597,036 was observed between two balances.
Schedule 16
Receptionist
Presentation of Budget Estimates
However, according to the information made available for Audit, the principle activity of the Company during the year under review was renting the office spaces of two buildings owned by the company which are situated at the BOC Merchant Tower in Colombo 3 and Ceybank House in Kandy.
Mr. S. L. Palansooriya
Regional Committee Meeting
General Manager / Director Board Secretary
Preparing the fence around the hostel - Ketawala
iii. Action had not been taken to identify the payable deposits from  the deposits of Rupees 10,455,295 as at the end of the year under review and pay or credit it to the revenue.
The children of war heroes in the armed services and the police who are dead, missing and became  disabled while engaged in operations for the safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country, are the beneficiaries of this programme for the provision of scholarships with the support of local and overseas donors.
This represents funds received from the Treasury for capital contribution, advances to working capital and investing in new passenger terminal for ferry services.
Conducting Efficiency Bar Examinations for 158 Judicial Security, 10 Fiscal Trustees, 46 Summons Distributors and Writ Executors and 03 Ushers
02-12 Nov.
5.1.4 Process launched by the Ministry of Manpower and Employment
Sale of sweets
Meanwhile, the Kalu Ganga Development Project and the Mahaweli C-Zone Development Project stand out.
Balakrishnan Sridar
RETIREMENTS(STAFF OFFICERS)
Sri Lanka Railway and Work Department's Thrift and Saving Co-operative Ltd.
The number of maps completed free of charge in 2014 at the requests of Government Ministries, Departments and other institutions, persons is 1500.
Bangladesh, Bhutan, India and Nepal have already submitted the approved Final Offer Lists under the SATIS.
Source: Department of Public Enterprises
Your kind attention is drawn to the Public Administration Circular No 35/2013 dated 23.12.2013 on “Let Us Be Committed to Work Together for a Social and Economic Development while Consolidating National Unity for the Future Generation”.
Note 19
The parental inbred lines of these six hybrids were also received from this institution, Mexico.
Controlling traffic so as to protect the lives and property of the people of the country is a major task in maintaining law and order.
2.3. Steps have been taken to build a Prison Training School at Kotawilawatta in line with “Deyata Kirula” National Development Exhibition in 2015.
Copies 1
Telephone Nos.: 011 - 3030041
The local leaders then expressed their regret and protest over this injustice meted out for the people of this country.
In order to improve the efficiency of the duties regarding the implementation the National Language Policy, the Guide Book was compiled by this Ministry in 2013.
Length: 315m
Arrears of Income 31.12.2015 - Rs. Cents
Discussions were held with Consumer Services Authority
4.0 Amendment 3.94
Equipments needed for disabled war heroes such as artificial feet, hand aid, wheel chairs, hearing aid, crutches, water beds are distributed with the support of local and foreign donors as a step of relieving them from difficulties they face due their disability status.
Your salary is converted as follows in terms of the above circular as at 01.01.2019.
Since the total arrears of the trade stalls of the Common Amenities and Health Center obtained under the key money system by the tenderers had not been settled, agreements relating to the trade stalls could not be signed.
Major irrigation Schemes
Natechinthanai - 250 Copies
Two stakeholder workshops to upgrade and finalize the National Action Plan for HLP 'Mission 1 – 'Clean Air Everywhere' for 2014-2020, were conducted.
There were 15,044,490 electors according to the electoral register of 2014.
7.4 Land Information System Branch
Deans/ Librarian/Bursar,
Divisional Secretariat, Tangalle
Mr. A. G. Ananda
59 employees are attached to this unit which is managed by two Transport Officers.
Audit Fees
Mrs. A. D. Anulawathi joined the Department of Elections on 15.06.1987 and was serving as the Chief Public Management Assistant of the Ratnapura District Elections Office at the time of her retirement on 16.05.2015 and Mr. J. M. Karunaratne assumed his duties at the Department of Elections on 01.12.1989 and was serving as the Chief Public Management Assistant of the Badulla District Elections Office at the time of his retirement on 18.07.2015.
Districts
Buffer tablets - P.H.4
This situation will be exacerbated by the impending climate change.
In 2011, in addition to granting scholarships, arrangements were made to find money through donors, to meet the cost of providing electricity to the house of the mother of a war hero and to give school stationery to one Ranaviru child.
Actions are required in respect of the non-operating bank account.
Thereby infrastructure facilities need to be developed to absorb substantial efficiency benefits from these investments.
6. Systems and Controls
Animal Exchange Program – 2014
Rs. 747,919.00
Mr.Asoka Kodithuwakku
Miss. E. M. P. S. Chandrasena
Possible extension of the period of the Project
Most of them were settled without filing cases.
Natya -
Integrating disabled persons into programmes implemented by other Ministries and Departments – (such as Sports, Cultural programmes)
2.2.2. Related Party Transactions
Accordingly, the Ministry was successful in conducting programmes for the representatives from local government bodies in Sabaragamuwa Province in 2013 and, in Uva and North Western Provinces in 2014.
Winding resistance test
Sailing
Training Programs on Management Development
The developed new System is ready to hand over for implementation.
Training & Capacity Building
1.3.2. Unreconciled Accounts
Despite the fact that 07 watchers had been deployed in the service of the Sabha, a sum of Rupees 2,574,414 had been paid to a private security service institution for obtaining the security service to the Sabha.
Minneriya
Further, a series of lectures has been conducted in 04 prisons under the theme of “Building Life through Buddhism”
Format No: TOD / IMP2
However, as per financial statements it was Rs. 2,665,528.
(F) Uva Paranagama
Non-compliance with laws, rules and regulations
The role of the Attorney General's Department can be summarized as follows.
Arumugam Pillaiyanthamby
Length (Km): 24.10
Village Upliftment Program - 2015 (Gama Neguma)
Island Wide Awareness among Public
6. Hotline maintenance of 33 kV tower lines of 281 km length.
Mrs. P. U. S.Priyaranjani
CA/13/1380/527 / 024--1
The applicants continue to lose faith in the financial management of property developing companies which started in 2008.
June - December
P. B. Abeykoon,
In 2011, the concrete yard outside the Cement Corporation factory premises was moved to the factory premises.
3) Sri Lanka Rubber Manufacturing and Export Corporation
(e) Budgetary Control
Contract No.: C5B
5.7 INTERNAL AUDIT DIVISION
It is expected to commence constructions at the latter part of the year after completion of financial issues.
Administration Activities
"One Work for One Village 2014"
Length: 17.3 km
All land information of tea, rubber and oil farms in Galle District for the Ministry of Plantation (updated by Department of Land use and Policy Planning) have been entered to the topographical data base after a field verification.
Edit
The leaflets were distributed among the participants during the program.
19. Post Balance Sheet Events
Department of Ayurveda
S. S. O. MN 5
Mr. T.W.Thusitha
Any industry employing high technology.
3. Sugathadasa Outdoor Stadium
The Settlement Centre will soon be opened to other arbitration related activities, such as conducting arbitration and settlement awareness programmes and training of arbitrators.
State the percentage without decimal
Assistant Director, Ministry of Power & Energy, Colombo 07
4.Dehiattakandiya
Fax
Secretary to the Treasury
As per the Loan Agreement, the estimated total cost of the Project amounted to US$ 208 million equivalent to Rs.21,655 million and out of that, US$ 150 million equivalent to Rs.15,275 million was agreed to be provided by the Asian Development Bank.
The key areas of concern in the Standing Committee meetings included discussions to deepen tariff concessions, relaxation of Rules of Origin and the roadmap for implementation of the Framework Agreement on Trade Facilitation, Investment and Services.
Provision for depreciation is calculated using the Straight Line Method on the cost or revaluation of all Property Plant & Equipment, in order to write-off such amount over the estimated useful economic life of such assets.
Survey & research expenses
Balance as at 01 April 2011
These were provided to 79 Aranery Schools in Districts Jaffna, Batticaloa, Nuwara Eliya, Kilinochchi, Ratnapura, Kaluthara and Galle.
Aid for studies & Courses
Pani Wijesiriwardane
RAS/6/064 - Dr. Brian Hutton/ UCL/ London/ UK
Other Long- Term Assets
Unsettled Audit issues highlighted in the previous audit
Completed No.
Systematic exploitation of these resources is a vital factor to meet the increasing demand in future.
5.5 Audit Committee
Colombo, Gampaha, Galle, Kegalle, Matale, Kalutura, Puttalam, Kurunagala, Kandy, Ratnapura, Nuwara Eliya, Matara, Badulla, Batticaloa, Trincomalee, Amparai, Polonnaruwa, Jaffna, Kilinochchi,  Mullaitivu, Mannar, Vaviniya.
3. We held a series of lectures at the auditorium of the Chilaw Divisional Secretariat on 02.06.2014 and made the officers and the public aware.
Only the candidates who have entered valid details will be qualified to appear for the examination.
Balance at 31 December 2011
Expenditure of Rs. 31,405 to the Standards Institute for the quality assurance audit of the salt packets
Dodangoda
3rd year
(b) There has been an error in recording this transaction.
The total amount of energy units delivered to the power system during the last three years was 3,794 GWh.
India
For each investment item, measurable results (output, outcome and impact) need to be entered definitely.
It is informed that action will be taken to complete the payment or to take it to the revenue by a decision of the Sabha in the future.
The 11th Session of the Council Meeting under the United States-Sri Lanka Trade and Investment Framework Agreement (TIFA) was held on 15th October 2014 to continue their trade dialogue and evaluate progress.
The Board of Directors meets monthly.
Supervision – Monitoring of provisions contained in the constitution with regard to the use of Official Languages are duly followed by the Government mechanism (conducting of language audits, examinations and surveys).
Information on the extent of sowing and harvesting of paddy has been collected and sent to Head Office.
The Project for Rehabilitation and Socialization of Drug addicts
Affected Houses
Study on the Feasibility of Waste Management System generated in Health-Care Delivery
Mr. A. R. Senevirathna Banda
To address social integration and ethnic issues
(b) Action had not been taken to settle the payable account balance, amounting to Rs. 48,419,187 which had exceeded the period of one year by the end of the year under review.
4. A Self Payment Kiosk was introduced on a trial basis for the convenience of customers in the Western Province South I areas.
Agriculture Branch
Action is being taken to publish a Tamil version, quarterly from September 2014.
Utilized Rs.2,613.1 million of allocation i.e. Rs.965.1 million of recurrent expenditure.
It has an estimated population of 1,091,000 in 2015.
The Council had maintained a balance of at least Rs. 25 million in its current account with the Bank of Ceylon, from January to October 2018.
Borrowing
Participating in the main function and transmitting the message of the World Theatre Day to the regionally
First instalment
Conducting an awareness programme for public officers on the official language policy
Mr. M.K.B.Dissanayake, Secretary,Ministry of Buddhasasana and Religious Affairs
News and Events
The neutrality and impartiality of media shall be monitored by the Standing Committee of Permanent Representatives on Elections Complaints and the Standing Committee of Permanent Representatives on Media Guidelines regularly.
Housing / Property Loan Interest
The objectives of the Project are to extend wastewater collection and treatment systems, improve access to sanitation services for 73,000 people, facilitate access to the service for disadvantaged households through the development of pro-poor policies and strategies, preserve the coastal and marine ecosystems, and maintain biodiversity.
12. Associated Motor Finance Co Ltd
(j) Paragraph 4 of the Public Enterprises Circular No. 50 of 28 July 2008
1. Cancer
9.1.2 A post of Administration Officer, Supra Grade of Public Management Assistants’ Service has been approved for Colombo District Elections Office of this Department by the letter No. DMS / 1014 dated 11.05.2015 of the Director General, Department of Management Services, Ministry of Finance.
The objective of this is to utilize the lands included in every Grama Niladhari Division in the Mannar District and to increase its productivity.
Performance Report
LKAS 24 - Related Party Disclosures
Overhead cost of the Project should be segregated among the Project to reflect the costs of such projects separately.
Providing Training for Hindu Priest
Improvement of Sri Lanka's aquatic resources (Small fish)
Other Festivals
10.Doluwa
A group of writers and Stores Assistants from the Naval and Maritime Academy at the Naval Base in Trincomalee are on an educational tour and visited the National Archives on March 4, 2013.
Number of Claims Received
Applications for such visa recommendations are strictly assessed taking into account the direct benefits of such employment for export trade, technology transfer and productivity increase and thereby possible gains to the National Economy.
Kaladugoda Kankanamge Piyadasa
The Course for the seventh batch was conducted from March to December, 2014.
Overview
Any person who is interested in Occupational Safety and Health can follow the Course.
Operating Profit/ (Loss) before Working Capital Changes
No. of Cabinet Observations
Head Number:
Mr. Abaya Amaradasa
Planning and Implementing the Annual Budgetary Allocation on a Quarterly Basis
Distress and Bicycle Loans
Kinds of Glue Production
Angel network system
In the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand & bank current account balance.
Minuwangoda
11th May, 2016.
Value of the paddy production
Revenue Estimate
This, which gives priority for ex-situ conservation,  is home to over 4,500 endemic plants and herbs.
Cash and financial items
Accounting Policies
Advance Certificate in English for Professional Level - 02
Expenditure of Project
Staff Salary Benefits
The Company has entered in to a contract during the period with LTL Projects (Pvt) Ltd for the transportation of fuel.
Lanka Electrical Company (Pvt.) Ltd. (LECO)
Reasons for non-obtaining loans by some/ certain applicants half way during the process .
Holiday Resorts, Government Offices: 02 (01 - Continued work)
Mr. P.A.S.Athula Kumara
1 ½ hours
Highest number of independent groups contested to an electoral district was 30 and these nominations were handed over to Batticaloa electoral district.
Civet cat
2014 Estimate Rs.
Newspapers is another media initiative taken by the Legal Aid Commission to assist the public to resolve their problems as well as to improve their legal awareness.
Number of Electors in each Year
The infrastructure development programs have to be expedited as scheduled.
Motor Section
Number of N.I.C
Action should be taken to use efficiently government assets.
8. Uva
Department of Agriculture does not have a proven fertigation recommendation for chilli.
12. Information on shares
Challenges for Public Sector Managers - China
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer’s Review
Irrigation System of Galle District  consists of 04 lakes, 504 dams and 117 main pumps.
9 Eastern
1.4 Audit Scope
Regional Agricultural Research & Development Centre - Kilinochchi
Valuation Certificates
Accelerating the introduction of modern technology to Sri Lanka
Table 6: Stamp Duty and Court Fines to be transferred to the Local Authorities for 2016
Therefore, the social responsibility of the National Council for Elders also seems to be increasing day by day and thus, we need to focus on timely strategic planning and implementation for the welfare and care of our elderly community.
11 Computers - CPU 258 278
No.255/B11,Torrington Garden,
Letter of Credit numbers etc.
Chairman - Audit and Management Committee
Auctions
Action had been taken to enter into 09 Public - Private - Producer Partnership Agreements with 13,887 farmers to go forward within the next 02 years.
Rehabilitation of capital assets
Lot A_2
06. Disposal of vehicles
From which head of expenditure the funds were transferred
Secretary of the Waqf Board
Organizational Structure of the Institute
Latex Crepe No. 1X
Election related activities
Details of Approved Cadre and Vacancies - District Secretariat
Formation of Training Modules and CDs for public officers to learn Sinhala and Tamil languages
Actively participating in the international network of organizations and zoos to establish contacts and contribute to animal exchange programs.
Deferred Tax Assets
06 Mr. P. M. Gallage Assistant Commissioner
Pali Language Development Program
In the year 1980, it was renamed as Sri Lanka Cement Corporation by a notification published in the Extraordinary Gazette.
Officers working with the community in rural areas
Submission of 68 project proposals cleared by the Department to the development partner desks
The progress of the second and the third of such phases is given below.
Construction of a Two Storied Building at Embilipitiya Primary School
Number of Provincial Council Members: 22
The Directors of the Development Divisions will act as Coordinators to these Committees.
Palaviya - Kalpitiya Road (14.0 - 40.60km)
(d) Provision had not been allocated for the damaged stock as at 31 December 2012 amounting to Rs.3,672,362.
Quazi Courts
ANNUAL REPORT
NAC Project Income
vii. Held medical clinics and counselling for the benefit of the employees
Various inquires are received in respect of the procedure that should be followed in granting maternity leave in terms of Public Administration Circular No. 04/2005 to female public officers who have delivered a baby prior to receiving their permanent appointments.
Above 40,000 acs of green gram cultivated as a third coop in paddy lands
Payment of Gratuity allowances
Whether the expenditure shown in the financial statements of the Project had been satisfactorily reconciled with the enhanced financial reports and progress reports maintained by the Project,
Depreciation policy is no depreciation for purchase year & fully depreciation in disposal year.
P. O. Box 1414,
Provisions
The authority implemented 10 projects on two main targets.
Saiva pothini (Upper Grade) - 3000 Copies
Balangoda 23-26.06.2014
Disciplinary Procedures
Providing Dietary reports (individually or in pools)
5.1.3 Progress of the year 2014
Those who wish to contribute to this programme can forward the donation to the account number 5234881 in BOC Nugegoda of “Wedihiti Awarana Kepakaru” sponsorship scheme and you should provide us with a copy of the deposit receipt.
However, some excess deposits also can be observed under the deposit accounts of some of the news agents.
The Wildlife Trust has to generate income for all its activities.
Future Program to Expand National Power Grid for Optimal Use of Non-Conventional Renewable  Wind and Solar Energy
05. In ITMIS, the budget estimates will be prepared at the spending unit (mid/sub offices) level to facilitate the tracking of budget at middle level offices and also to establish the budget ceilings on the actual transactions incurred.
3.4.1 Failure to Assure Security of the Assets
10.0 Title Registration Survey Branch
Construction Equipment
Mr. A. M. A. D. Madhurange
In this programme, Rs 3.103 million  has been allocated by the Ministry of Agriculture to promote 2,000 farmers in Mannar district who were provided with the relevant fertilizers (rock phosphate), polythene and the necessary kits and training sessions were conducted for 500 persons at a cost of Rs. 1,832,186.50 and arrangements have been made to return the remaining amount.
Mrs. W. K. P. H. N. S. Rodrigo
Profit before tax is after deducting the following expenses.
The National Land Title Registration Program
In 2015, the Provincial Centres for Central, Eastern and Southern provinces will be established in Kandy, Batticaloa and Matara respectively.
The Rubber Development Officers follow up whether the plant nurseries are being maintained as recommended.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Physical Performance 10-03-07-05 Firearms and Explosives Licenses
KA-2
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) aim to end poverty, hunger, end inequality, protect the environment, improve access to health and education, build peace, establish justice, and strong institutions, etc.
Performance Appraisal of Staff Grade Officers
Identification and measurements
Short-term debt
Implementation of the revisions included by the Extraordinary Gazette No. 2137/66 dated 22.08.2019 to the Minute of Sri Lanka Accountancy Service
USD 21.3 Mn
A batch consisting of 56 participants has already been trained in the current year.
(d) According to the information received, the bidding process on development of grid substation in Hambanthota and works on a new transmission line of 150 kilometers from Polpitiya to Hambanthota under the component 01 of the Program had been substantially completed as at 31 December 2017.
Closing cash balance as at 31st December
Second language text books are being prepared by the Department of Official Languags for public officers and therefore, the formation of Training Modules and CDs will be initiated in due course.
Divisional Secretariat - Habaraduwa
Salawa Ranaviru Village
Staff Details
Implementation of Strategies to Strengthen the Correction Process
Cash flow generated from Investing Activities (d)
3.1 Educational Programme expenses
Chairmen of Government owned companies,
(i) Failure to take action to recover the outstanding balances.
02 Classes
I.T.A.K.
It was observed that the period of the Project had been extended twice up to 20 June 2017, due to delays in completion of the activities of the Project.
Underground assets
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
5. Conducting Theatre and Art workshops
D.N. Enterprises
(B) Batticaloa
Tan Delta test
Internal Auditor Officer
Thus budget estimates need to ensure adequate fund allocation for these areas.
Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31
Chapter 02
Trade payables and other things
1. Providing cooked food to the families affected by disasters
Gold Scheme
During the year, 06 audit queries from the Department of Management Audit of the Ministry of Finance and Planning and 06 audit queries from the Auditor Generals Department were received and all the queries were answered.
Beware of fallen power lines, damaged bridges, buildings and trees.
At the time of earning the salary increment for the period from 01.01.2016 to 31.12.2016, it should be placed at the immediate higher salary step close to the salary step placed in 03.4 above.
Teaching Hospital - Mahamodara
Action should be taken to complete works within the particular period.
5. PROGRESS OF EACH DIVISION OF THE MINISTRY OF JUSTICE
Inaugural Ceremony, Seminar and an Exhibition of the NATIONAL ARCHIVES WEEK 2016 on the theme of “National Archives and Local Government Records” was held under the patronage of Hon. Akila Viraj Kariyawasam Minister of Education on 07th November 2016 at the Department of National Archives.
Audit Committee Report -2012
Permanent
Letter of Transmittal
4.1 National festivals
In 2011 plans were prepared in this regard.
Advance for Programme Production
Kandy Mahiyangana Padiyathalawa road
There have been vacancies.
Progress of granting village housing loans Graphics for year 2011
Staff Training
Sabaragamuwa 5%
Repairing the doors - Wattegama
The maximum risk exposures of financial assets that are subject to credit risk are equal to their carrying amounts.
Its field work began in 1974.
The mission of this fund is to provide services needed to persons with visual impairment, rehabilitate and provide relief.
Signature and Name of the Chief Financial Officer/ Chief Accountant/ Head of Finance
03. Accordingly, Hon. Minister of Finance has signed the warrants in terms of the provisions in Article 150(1) of the Constitution in order to incur the expenditure related to the provision included in the Budget Estimates of the Appropriation Act.
Following the 2015 Action Plan, 100% financial progress by the end of the year, spending 53.8% by the second quarter, 74.6% by the third quarter and 99.7% by the fourth quarter have been achieved.
Net Revenue collection for the three preceding years
Balance as at 31 December 2006
Organizing the Mihindu and Esala Perahera in Pelmadulla, Imbulpe, Ratnapura, Eheliyagoda and Kahawatta divisions
Administration of disaster relief projects and rehabilitation projects
The overtime earnings of most officers had exceeded their consolidated salaries.
Providing motorcycles / scooters to government field officers
01.01.2014 1/2014 	Authorization for Incurring Expenditure for 2014 and Public Expenditure Management
H.E. Dr. Kairulla Hasan Babakar, Minister of Trade of the Republic of Iraq led the Iraqi team.
Mr. Janitha Edirisinghe
Individual Counseling
Urban Development Authority
Participated at the International Banana Symposium, held in November, Taiwan
To achieve this objective, it is planned to implement rural infrastructure and livelihood development programs covering rural areas in all districts of the country from 2016 to 2020 using local funds.
Expenditure subject number
Selling bicycle spare parts
Mrs. T. P. Wejewardana
Ministry of Highways, Ports and Shipping,
Contract Services
P.B. Abeykoon
Horticulture
Office Equipment
Department of Buddhist Affairs
Recurrent Total
During the year 2013, other project works carried out by the Protection Development Section include; identification of the scope of protection for new projects and rehabilitation projects, preparation of technical specifications and observing projects related commissioning work and the successful integration of new projects into the existing system.
Mr. B. Ranaweera
Mrs E.M.S. Perera
05. General policies to be considered in making transfers
08. All Government organizations are required to submit the requested information to the Comptroller General's Office on or before the deadlines specified, as future requests for acquiring of new assets will be considered by the General Treasury based only on the updated asset records available in the Comptroller General's Office.
Apuru Iskole Mahatthaya
Prepared answers for 5 Parliamentary Questions pertaining to external Government's Debt
Employees training
The respective sub projects will be implemented subsequently.
Senior Electronics Engineer
Two way trade inquiries replied
Kuda Wewa Rehabilitation (Department of Agriculture Development)
(d) Management Assistant – Non Technical Segment 02 (MN 01)/ (U-MN1)
Monitoring and Mitigating Environment Pollution
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
08. I. For the family unit including the member, if from a government hospital obtaining indoor treatments
Progress of granting self employment loans
(b) authorize the Secretary to the Treasury to act as follows;
The Institute has expended a total of Rs 203,398.00 in respect of this in 2015.
Number of Teachers
Aggregating rent income Rs. 642,750 had not been bought to the Commercial Advance Accounts by Machinery Unit of Road Development Department which was collected for the period of 01 January 2018 to 31 May 2019.
Preliminary discussions on capacity building programmes for officers in Operations Co-ordination Centers for Language Associations of Kahatagasdilliya were conducted on 18.02.2014
Hospital cleaning service
Writ Applications
Brief description of law / regulation
Total Net Provision (Rs.)
4. Actual against the forecast in relation to expenditure under Ministry Head 198 and ID Head 282
A Register of Fixed Assets had not been prepared.
Basis for Qualified Audit Opinion
Costs associated with maintaining computer software are recognized as an expense as incurred.
Programs for developing villages; “Door to Door – Village to Village” special project, Divi Neguma investment development program and the program for developing Rural Community Health Centres were implemented in year 2015 with the intention of decreasing poverty and upgrading the development of the public within the District whereas many ongoing development projects had also been executed in 2014.
Cost 2013 (Rs.)
Establishment of the law and order situation in the country has seen gradual improvement following the programmes and projects with an exclusive strategic approach that were implemented during the period after the setting up of the Ministry.
Socio-Economic Survey and preparation of Resettlement Action Plan has been completed.
T.P. - 0112501949
This Institute is managed by a Board of Management.
Women and Child Abuse Unit
Also, the newly built netball court had some shortcomings and had been repaired and completed.
Persons who sought single counseling support were referred to the counseling officer of the Department of Social Services at the closest Divisional Secretariat, as there is no suitable place in the building, where the head office is temporarily housed.
Belihulouya Project
Improvement of research and development activities
Administration of Hindu Research Library
Reimbursement expenses increased from 169 Million to Rs. 176.6 Million, while the capital grant increased from Rs. 97.2 Million to Rs. 146.7 Million.
(i) The water could not be given to the houses in the public land of Pallapitiya from the water tank constructed by incurring Rupees 1,500,000 in the year 2015.
The accuracy of the treasury computer notes and departmental books should be checked every month.
The Communication Branch provides voice and data communication facilities to the Generation, Transmission and Distribution and all other Divisions of CEB and Supervisory Control & Data Acquisition (SCADA) facilities to the System Control Centre.
No: 31/2001 - 03.12.2001
Number of Students
Katugampola
(h) Implementing and maintaining the audit system, accounting, financial management system of the Irrigation Department in accordance with the financial regulations of the Government
2. Lot B - Construction of 132 kV transmission lines from Mahiyangana to Vavunativu (via Ampara) and Medagama to Monaragala
As there is insufficient space, another few branch offices continue to operate further afield in the old office premises at Dam Street.
Repayment of foreign borrowings
During the year the DOC has issued residence visa recommendations for 145 expatriates consisting of 89 applicants and 56 dependents from various nationalities of 40 Indians, 37 British, 15 Japanese, 11 Pakistanis, and other nationalities of Chinese, Koreans, Swedish, Romanian, Australian, Irish etc.
V. Identification and provision of training and other resources needed for the efficient performance of the duties of the staff
Animals Food
2. Power Plant
(2) Cash and cash equivalent
Kandy    01
Annex - 1 A
Loans and Receivables
2.2.3. Rent
To develop the minor offenders and those who are likely to be allured into offenses and their families economically, socially, and spiritually through an effective community correction procedure with follow up measures
The Consultancy Contract for the System Control Modernization Project was awarded in May 2010.
She joined the Sri Lanka Administrative Service in 1998 and has served as an Executive Officer in various Ministries, Departments and Institutions.
Dr. Rhett Harrison, a scientist at the Kunming Institute of Botany in China, and Dr. David Roubik, a scientist at the Smithsonian and Panama Institute in Panama, were the resource persons.
The conference hall of the District Secretariat located at Baladaksha Mawatha, Galle was destroyed by the tsunami disaster on 26.12.2004.
At the Divisional Secretariat level, 16 Community Based Units called "Gami Sansadaya" have been established to collect information.
The Special Task Force has conducted training courses for Maldivian police officers, Sri Lankan police officers, Navy officers, Air Force officers, and prison officers under the scheme for training of officers from other institutions.
Mr. Senanayake has also served as Additional Secretary to the Ministry of Sugar Industry Development and Ministry of Highways, Higher Education and Investment Promotion.
(d) Whether the expenditure had been correctly identified according to the classification adopted for the implementation of the Project,
Best Lighting of the year
19. Present service station:
An advance of Rs. 250,000 granted in the year 2010 to an external individual for the production of programs which had not been settled even by 31 December 2012.
3. A member of the Management Corporation
Under this program 69 tons of Green gram produced and the value of the production Rs 31 million.
Negotiations with the Ukrainian Government are to be held shortly for finalizing a treaty.
Functions performed in 2014 and The Progress
Conducting specialized language training courses in Sinhala, Tamil and English for persons belonging to special categories such as translators, interpreters and stenographers.
ASEAN Regional Forum Workshop
Net result savings / surpluses
Mrs. L. M. E. Perera
Official residences
The outcome is improved accessibility and connectivity through improved road sector policies and institutions and an upgraded and maintained National Highway network that lowers transport cost and travel time.
Copies of Licenses
To develop and maintain an efficient, coordinated, and economical system of electricity supply to the whole of Sri Lanka, while adhering to our core values
(Indicate the relevant No. in the cage)
Funds Transfer to the Treasury
The audit of financial statements of the Eastern Province Water Supply Development Project for the year ended 31 December 2015 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 4.08(a) of Article III of Loan Agreement No. SL-P 98 dated 26 March 2010 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the Japan International Cooperation Agency.
The expectation is to raise the people's standard of living.
The natural harbour attached to this has made this city very famous among the foreigners since  long time ago.
The Labour Tribunal head office is located in the building of Ministry of Justice on the 1st floor at, No.428/11A, Denzil Kobbekaduwa Mawatha, Battaramulla.
Number of Registered Votes
Details of officials of the Department of Elections who retired during the Year 2015
Office Assistant(1)
Providing Self-employment Assistance for the Elderly.
SRL/5/043 Mr. Manfred Frenzel
1. Counseling & Intoxication prevention programmes
Lanka Sugar Company Ltd
State Arts Festival for the Disabled
Allocation of Supplementary Provisions and Supplementary Estimates of Transfer According to FR 66 and 69
Child care and development
Technical Assistant (Grade III)
1) Rubber Research Institute of Sri Lanka
Ministry/Department:-Department of Commerce
Primary functions of these Co-operative Societies
Table 5.1: Cadre of the Year - 2014
On an average working day, 500 COOs were processed and issued by the DOC.
Other Co-operative societies
The Construction of 132 kV Transmission Lines from Kilinochchi to Chunnakam was completed in the year 2013 and lines were energized.
Co. Re. Prison
Public Administration Circular letters :08/2014
Variance as a % of the Original Revenue Estimate
Providing biological measurements on professional's health.
Reconciliation of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended 31 March
03. At the instances where it is difficult to appoint the officers already in service as disciplinary inquiry officers without causing interruption to their duties, the retired officers mentioned in Schedule No. 01 can be appointed to tribunals in addition to the officers included in circulars mentioned in paragraph 01 subject to the provisions in Sub-Section 19:3, as mentioned in sub-section 19:6, Chapter XLVIII, Volume II of the Establishments Code.
IF an officer serving in Public/ Provincial Council/ Corporation sector or any other person engaged in duties of the elections conducted by the Commissioner of Elections
Batticaloa District
Department of Government Information
Refer victims for systematic rehabilitation
Course (Advanced Level) - 7A (SLTS 7A)
Name
My responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated Financial Statements based on my audit.
8.Create awareness on requirements of compliance with Treasury Circulars and other directives
3.5 Charge rates for depreciation are as follows.
Recently Completed projects
Regular Grass Cutting Irrigation bunds & Agriculture Roads by FOs Fund
Possibility of cultivators becoming discouraged.
A sum of Rs. 108,000 had not been recovered for 05 advertisement hoardings fixed in the Sabha limits and a sum of Rs. 38,000 had been under recovered in respect of 02 advertisement hoardings.
Miss. D. Ishadi Nimalga
Galappaththi Arachchige Nihal
Progress on projects worth over Rs. 50 million has been referred to the Ministry of Finance.
Exchange of values
Mr.Bernard Manatunga – Assistant Director (Design Development)
Families of Beneficiary
live telecasts were made during the year 2012.
Note:
5.4.1 D. G. S. A. - 2
Urban Councils – Vauniya,Trincomalee
Thinnavely purple
Pigeon Islands
Cases settled
Mr. K.M.C.J.B. Kangara
08. Responsibility of Heads of Departments regarding annual transfers;
Development Officer (Training) 02
11.Mr. B. M. K. Mohottala
Seeppukulama Training Center - Seeppukulama
Distribution Divisions
Gratuity provision was made according to the Gratuity Act No.12 of 1983.
My responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audit.
Cash Flow from Operating Activities
200m butterfly stroke
Date of Maturity
Vehicular emissions are the major source of rising air pollution in Colombo and other urban areas.
The population density of Galle District (population per hectare) is 660.41.
As per the Project Administration Manual, the estimated total cost of the Project amounted to US$ 34 million equivalent to Rs. 4,600 million and out of that US$ 30 million equivalent to Rs.  4,058 million was agreed to be financed by the Asian Development Bank.
Meadia activities of all project
Training courses
Arrangements have been made to print map 1:250,000 on flex cloth.
So far as appears from my examination and to the best of information and according to the explanations given to me, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters referred to in paragraph 2.2 of this report, I am of opinion that,
Last Updated on Wednesday, 16 May 2012 14:52
Single Counseling support was extended to the war heroes and members of their families who sought such a service regarding their mental and family problems and we rereferred to the Psychosocial Division during the year.
Services are performed 4 times a year.
The project consists of two small reservoirs near Puhulpola and Dyrabaa, and 4 km long link tunnel connecting the two reservoirs, and a headrace tunnel of around 15.6 km length to divert water from Uma Oya to Kirindi Oya via an underground power station located in Randeniya in Wellawaya.
The Private Virtual Network (VPN) through which messages are communicated instantly to the Police Headquarters was strengthened and made available to regional offices.
Human Resource Development for a Qualitative Service
This irrigation system is governed and maintained by the 03 major state institutions.
IV. Auditor General
Wilgamuwa Industrial Estate
This Continuing Professional Development Course was conducted for three batches totaling 90 participants from the industry.
The activities under taken during this assignment include looking after the welfare of the disabled war heroes and their  family members, encouraging them to initiate self employment programmes  as a measure of enhancing the economy, guiding for  bhawana  for boosting  of the morale and spiritual wellbeing and presentation of cultural items for their entertainment With the participation of resource persons these workshops are held for two days at the provincial level.
The two obvious options are through a framework law or through regulations made under one or more existing laws.
Previously the Company has not transferred revaluation surplus to retained earnings when revalued assets were derecognized.
Warnakulasooriya Jude Suresh Gamani Fernando
Payment activities of advance account
Community Mediation, School Mediation and other awareness programmes are also being conducted by Programme Assistants.
Period of Completion
B. M. G. R. K. Banagetenna
Mr. R. L. G. Kodikara
P.O. Box  1382,
Development sub-projects
In inviting bids for repairing of 03 motor vehicles and 01 machine, action had not been taken according to the minimum period of bidding time of National Competitive Bidding.
Resolving the disputes between the Management Corporation and the owner or owners and occupier,  tenant or owner and purchaser of the condominium property.
No. of Final Village Plans and Final Topographical Plans prepared and issued - 43
Bambarabotuwa Marapana Multipurpose Co-operative Society Limited and Lanka Sathosa Ltd.
2018 Budjectary provisions
ACA-5 – Advance Accounts as at 31st December
10 -15 years
Budget Proposals - 2014 "Door to Door - Village to Village"
My Number: EST-8/UNIFO/06/0302/6
Development Partnership with Asian Development Bank
Security systems of ICT Systems
When preparing the Appropriation Account, the total expenses, savings/ excesses should be reported to the nearest rupee.
The main focus of LAC has drawn to women and children due to the increase in the number of ongoing maintenance cases.
Mrs. P. Nilanthi
i. Establishment of Elders Committees at Village Level
Source - Department of National Budget
This draft has been prepared to make provisions for disposal of court productions.
Mr. P. D. S. Wijerathna
(a) The quotations had been called to purchase 05 pair of cutting blades for the motor grader without giving an adequate period to submit bids and 06 pairs of cutting blades had been purchased by incurring Rs.96,000.
The Schedule of Commitments of Sri Lanka was submitted for the approval of the Cabinet.
Transfer of funds
Note: Excluding nationally agreed Foreign and locally funded Projects and Criteria Based Grant
Property Loans
In the filtration process, a regular structural model was established while considering the theoretical objectives.
Received Rs.
Strengthening Health Care at the Shia Hospital, Akurana, Kandy - 17,000
The economic policy framework of the government provides broad guidelines and directions for sustainable industrial development and promotion of local industries.
Even though the Audit Committee should meet at least once in three months in terms of the public Enterprises Circular No. PED/31 of 01 July 2005, only two meetings had been held in the year 2012.
The Asian Development Bank has invested USD 18.2 million for this project under its loan 2519 - SRI (SF) Clean Energy and Access Improvement facility.
Sri Lanka Judges’ Institute
Education
3.6.1 Failure to Ensure the Safety of Assets
04. Accounting and Good Governance
Raigam Tele Awards
Annual Budget Provision
Construction of Karuwalagaswewa Pawattemaduwa Dam
Strengthening the Public Complaints Investigation Committee, 380 of the 407 public complaints submitted in 2014 were addressed and 27 complaints were directed to collect reports from the Divisional Secretariats through which public dissatisfaction regarding Public Service was eliminated.
Although the Annual Report of the Financial Statements and Drafts for the year under review should be submitted to the Auditor-General within 60 days from the end of the relevant year, the Financial Statements for the year 2012 were submitted on 15th August 2013 after a delay of 05 months.
Senior Assistant Director (Electronics)
Part 1 - 0.10%
The work was completed in March 2013 at a cost of Rs.985 Million.
However, the permission was granted to the observer organizations at the Presidential Election to observe the counting of votes and tabulation of the result at the offices of the Returning Officers.
(c) Whether adequate accounting records were maintained on a continuing basis to show the expenditure of the Project from the funds of the Government of Sri Lanka and the Lending Agency, the progress of the Project in financial and physical terms, the assets and liabilities arising from the operations of the Project, the identifications of the purchases made out of the  Loan, etc.
Controlling of temperature and humidity under required modulus and maintaining temperature and humidity that are not conducive for the growth of pests and fungii respectively by the construction of a refrigeration system and a temperature controlling ceiling.
Furniture Office Equipment
The European Commission and the European Union Parliament approved new GSP scheme came into effect on 01.01.2014.
Rural Development Training and Research Institute
Release of liabilities
Awareness Programme on Migrant Laws for Migrant Workers:
The locations of the field vehicles are monitored on a single computer console by using this technology so that new tasks could be assigned to the nearest vehicle in the relevant zone.
School
Source - Sri Lanka Police
Farm Cleaner
The Storability of bulbs is a very important factor that should be considered in the varietal development of onion.
Deployment of assets
The total number of applications received within the specified period was 627,728 and only 567,780 were accepted.
Kalubovitiyana Tea Factory Ltd
Number of Objections Received
Meeting held
400 m–hurdles
It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the Corporation’s accounting policies.
Introducing of efficient early warning system against deadly bird flu
Balance brought forward from last year - 451
03 Administration and Establishment Services
Nothern Power
Land development Activities
(a) In the year under review, 115 non-budgeted works valued at Rs. 141,626,266 had been executed.
Grant of Special Leave during the Ramadan (Ramazan) Season 2020
Out of above Farmer Centers, 6 Farmer centers construction were completed.
During the bilateral talks, the two sides agreed to explore new avenues to foster and strengthen trade and commercial relations for mutual benefits.
7. Other Income
As mentioned in para 05 of the said circular, the proficiency level of the other official language which is not included in the annexe 01, (language other than the official language in which the officer entered the service) that should be acquired by the officers who hold posts in the Ministry/Department under your purview should be decided.
Prof. Rohana Laxman Piyadasa
Various fines and confiscations
Conducted pre budget meetings for selected ministries and other stakeholders with the Chairmanship of His Excellency the President
Cess Levy
Furthermore, action shall be taken by the CEB to deduct PAYE tax directly from employees’ remunerations.
The expenditure under special laws was increased from Rs. 1,001 billion to Rs. 1,058 billion specially, meeting the cost of increased debt service.
Venue of the Meeting
Journal entries for correction of any erroneous accounting entries should be forwarded to the Treasury only in the event it is impracticable to correct such accounts using the CIGAS program of the respective Ministry / Department / District Secretariat.
Three officers representing Sinhala, Tamil and Muslim ethnicities were daily employed for explaining the Departmental Stall.
Puthukkulam
Conducting water clinics
Due to the application of SLFRS standards certain trade and other receipts due have been written back and adjusted to retained earnings at the date of transition.
In addition to that, attention of the Board of Directors was drawn for  necessary action.
7.0   Land Information /Geographic Information Branch
-Organizing individual business visits from and to Sri Lanka to explore business opportunities.
This Department was established under the Debt Conciliation Ordinance No.39 of 1941.
(b) Provisions not made
The following observations are made.
4.2.1 In-house Research & Development Projects
Uniforms and Tailoring Fees for Drivers and Minor Staff
Provincial Boundaries
Located in the Divisional Secretariat Division of Attanagalle, 329 B Grama Sevaka  Division of Hiripitiya East, Gampaha District.
P. B. Abeykoon
2.21 Revenue recognition
It was done as follows.
Additional two-storied building for the school building at Al-Aksha Maha Vidyalaya, Vavuniya - 30,000
3.7.3 2 Employee Advances
Therefore, Accounting Officers should periodically review the Advance Accounting activities.
Railways, Subways
2.2.4 Rents
Package 02
The Strengthening Enforcement of Law, Access to Justice and Social Integration (SELAJSI) Programme was developed based on the experience accumulated from Phase I and Phase II of the former Equal Access to Justice Project
6. Hon. S. S. Wijerathne - Committee Member
Latex Crepe
(c) Due to the application of SLFRS certain long standing dues of other receivables have been written off and adjusted to retained earnings at the date of transition.
For attention
This is implemented through seven civil works contracts awarded to four international contractors.
10. Hearing Aids - Rs. 50,000.00
Relevant Ministry
(ii) Security of assets not ensured.
The amount of subsidy will be paid in 08 instalments.
Jogging as an Exercise - 128
Library Stock
(i) Provision, implementation and monitoring of the policy programmes and projects in relation to the maintenance and improvement of the public security and law and order
“Kalabhushana” Award
The company has facilitated procurement to the value of Rs. 15,892 million accruing administration income of Rs. 397 million during the year under review.
1.4 Auditor’s Responsibility
Global Financial Markets – An Overview
2. Other Advances
EXIM Bank
Department of Police
Annual Transfers - 2018 (Social Development Assistant)
Circular No
INT/2/015
Most of the staff officers of this Department serve as Directors (Treasury Representatives) on the Boards of Directors of Statutory Boards, Public Corporations, and Government Owned Companies (GOCs).
Maximum Expenditure Limit (Rs. Cents)
This programme was initiated in the final quarter of 2013 and implemented throughout the year 2014.
01 ADG
Awareness Program - Based on Bamboo
The Puwakpitiya care center can provide protection and residential facilities to the mentally retarded boy children, who lost their parents and guardians.
60% of the work has been completed at the end of the year.
Under the delegation of financial authority in which the Secretary of the Minister holds it, the Director of the National Secretariat for Elders has been vested the authority of issuing the amount of Rs. 250,000/-.
Kegalle - Paragammana 01
Note: 1. LIBOR = London Interbank Offering Rate, (January to December 2014, average six-month LIBOR rate 0.33%)
Recommendations of a Motor Mechanic
6.3. The Commissioner of Elections is required by Section 7(4) (b) of the Parliamentary Elections Act, to publish the list of recognized political parties in the Government Gazette at the commencement of every calendar year.
Cash Assistant
As Sri Lankan Airlines and Mihin Lanka Ltd have made huge losses during last several years, under the 100 day Revolution programme, the government has decided to merge these two entities as an interim solution.
Equipment for the Plant Pathology laboratory was received from the Sewalanka foundation.
However, it had shown a slow progress of 45 per cent as at that date.
Statement of Change of Equity for the year ended 31/12/2011
The target group was people with good electronic knowledge and the ability to identify electronic components, and at the end of the program the participants were able to gain knowledge of Orcad software and circuit symbols.
(b) The deposits of Rupees  6,005,963 according to the deposit register as at the end of the year under review had been stated as Rupees  10,455,296 in the financial statements.
Sri Jayawardhanapura Kotte Municipal Council
At Tower Hall Theatre
Physical Progress as at end of the month: 86%
Computer Training Programme
Even though the activities of the  Project had been closed on 31 January 2016, the Implementing Agency had not taken action to take over the assets of the Project as enable the winding up the accounts.
Russia
Deputy Director (Administration)
Further, an additional allocation of SDR 59.60 million (US$ 98.10 million) equivalent to Rs.11,579 million had been provided under the First Supplementary Development Credit Agreement of 23 June 2008.
The provinces have already been informed in this regard and the officers of the Commission will make field visits to provinces to carry out monitoring and follow-up actions.
Annexure 2.1
For further clarifications and instructions, you are kindly informed to contact the Department of Management Services 011- 2484682.
8/3 - 10/5/2013 To participate in the Training program on “Standardization and Quality Assurance” under the ITEC Program
Note - 5 - Salaries, Wages and Other Employee Benefits classified by Expenditure, Personal Wages
Stabilizing market prices of paddy and staple grains
Vacancies/Surplus
(Since 27.12.2011)
Strengthening of Parliamentary Public Financial Control
District Secretariat, Galle is majestically standing within the Galle City as the heart of Galle City among the number of buildings which are service supplying institutions and manufacturing institutions under the public sector as well as the private sector.
Cultural Activities
4.4 Crimes related to Excise and Drugs
Red clay Division
(b) Rendering of Services
Details of Continuing Works
(9) Accumulated expenses
Making necessary policy decisions to compensate for the loss of life and other damages caused by wild elephant threats.
The lengthy period of time spent in the planning and procurement process;
Summary of financial progress
Paranthan Chemicals Company Ltd
These strategies mainly focus on (a) full and sustainable economic development, (b) stimulating private investment and increasing the efficiency of public sector investment, and (c) human resource development.
Formats have been revised to include relevant information to meet the requirements of the Financial Regulations and the currently effective Circular instructions.
The following are some of the ongoing studies;
The Government of Norway has introduced a new GSP plus (GSP+) category for lower middle income countries with effect from 1st January 2013.
Excess
Mr. A. Hemapala Victor
38. Granting no – pay leave to an officer, who is appointed on the nomination made by government of Sri Lanka to a post in an international/multilateral institution of which Sri Lanka holds membership, for the period of holding such post.
A considerable contribution is made to the National Revenue of Sri Lanka by Galle District.
03. The payment of this advance should commence on 01.01.2015 and be completed on 28.02.2015.
Programs launched by the Divi Neguma Development Department in connection with the “Divi Neguma” National Program - 2014
3.1 Staff
Hence it is emphasized that necessary actions should be taken to avoid such deficiencies when preparing the Revenue Account for the year 2017.
7.1 Registry of the Supreme Court
(e) An additional cost of Rs. 900.000 had been incurred on two motor vehicles procured on hire basis for allocation to officers entitled to the allocation of motor vehicle for official travelling, without an evaluation of the number of entitled kilometers in terms of the Public Administraion Circular No. 22/99.
Sums aggregating Rs. 1,077,058 had been spent in this regard.
Trainings and skills development
Name Board at Chundikulam Sanctuary
(1) Credit Risk Management
6.9 The Heads of Departments shall see to implement annual transfers on the effective date, by taking action to train other officers to perform duties of the officers expected to be transferred.
3. Scholarship awarding ceremonies
Questionnaires required for the knowledge-measurement competition have been prepared.
BOC-Disable War Heroes Project
Matara,
Distributions of value added
To comprehensive income for the year ended March 31, 2012
Office Assistant Labourer / Unskilled
A significant variance was observed between the budgeted expenditure and the actual expenditure, thus indicating that the budget had not been made use of as an effective instrument of financial management controller.
The birthday of the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) which is celebrated with great devotion by the Muslims all over the world was on 14.01.2014 and arrangements were made to hold it in the Kalutara District.
Numeric Table-06
Saidulla Mustajab Marikkar
I. Psychosocial support project
For further information regarding the course contact:
As per the initial Development Credit Agreement, the estimated total cost of the Project was SDR 69.10 million (US$ 100 million) equivalent to Rs.10,125 million and the entire amount was agreed to be financed by the International Development Association.
(N) Dodangaslanda
Special Allowance:-
Rent & Mobilization Advance
Assisting the top management by supervising the legal activities of the Ministry in relation to the Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation and the institutions under it.
08-12 December
The Secretary to the Ministry of the Minister in charge of the subject of Local Government, Housing, & Construction
The Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation has printed and issued 09 publications of the newspaper named “Wanadivi Saviya” and 02 publications in the Tamil Language.
Whether the funds, materials, and equipment supplied under the Loan had been utilized for the purposes of the Project,
One of the main objectives of the Data and Information division is the compilation of a data base containing details and information of service organizations in accordance with clause 9 and 3 of chapter 6th of the Ranaviru Sewa Authority act and maintaining it while being updated.
(b) The lands about 150 acres in extent belonging to the Corporation situated in Puttalam, Palavi and Kalladi areas remained idle without being utilized for any productive purpose.
Three (03) exotic okra hybrids were evaluated for the adaptability and susceptibility to common pests and diseases under local conditions.
Mobilize external financing at least possible cost with minimum conditionality in support of the economic and social development programme of Sri Lanka while maintaining long term debt sustainability of the country
Monitoring is carried out on balances over 24 months which do not require confirmations from the respective departments and do not require an inspection to settle.
Stock of Animals – at the same place
Resettlement and Disaster Relief Services;
Note - Excluding losses and waivers to be accounted in DGSA 7, any other losses and waivers under F.R.109 should be included in this format.
The Secretariat (3rd Floor)
Rs. 500,000.00
The Department of Commerce and the Sri Lanka Customs coordinated with relevant border agencies and line Ministries such as the Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Health, Department of Agriculture, Import and Export Control Department, etc., to prepare Sri Lanka’s initial notification under the Trade Facilitation Agreement.
Nawimana Urapolage Samitha Chathuranga
Colombo-Child Protection program towards safe and secure society for children without child abusing and harassments.
The Institute provides consultancy services for thermal energy audit of a leading ceramic manufacturer.
The audit of the financial statements of the National Highways Sector Project for the year ended 31 December 2018 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 34 of Schedule 6 of the Loan Agreement No. 2217 SRI dated 14 December 2006 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the Asian Development Bank.
The Republic of Belarus and the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka have entered into this Memorandum of Understanding in the hope of providing mutual legal assistance to each party in criminal matters, including investigations, indictments, trials, and consequent legal proceedings.
Head of Division - Divi Neguma
Last 12 months up to the date of audit
Excess of Income over Expenditure
The structures of the these programmes are designed so as to give the target groups an understanding on the Official Language Policy and legal provisions, social integration policy framework, the role of the Ministry which is implementing the Official Language Policy and its affiliated institutions.
Samurdhi Bank Loans
Kallady Bridge
4.3. The First Meeting of Sri Lanka Qatar Joint Commission on Economic, Commercial and Technical Cooperation
Pakistan
Preparing of a Short Docudrama
Accordingly, progress is as follows.
(L) Homagama
There is an outstanding key money balance of Rs. 546,750 of the Health Centre at present and action will be taken to recover this outstanding amount promptly.
(i) Return on this investment was only ranging from 1.4% to 1.5% during the year under review and during the preceding year.
4. Formats for the preparation of Accounts
Construction of basic infrastructure facilities of Piliyandala - Kahapola Ecological Park commenced on 06.03.2014.
Commencing Date & Duration
Monthly Expenditure Report
Cash and cash equivalents mentioned above
(e) The Annual Publications Department continued to incur losses due to non-analysis of cost-benefit analysis, ineffective promotion programs and weaknesses in the distribution system.
The project will provide drinking water to 50,000 families and commercial and industrial sectors in the area.
Number of Schools: 431
Identifying the needs for amending the Common Amenities Board Act No.10 of 1973 and re-amending the Common Amenities Board Act (Amendment) Act No 24 of 2003 and recommending to seek the opinions of professional bodies, management corporations and other relevant parties.
Whether the resources of the Trust had been procured and utilized economically, efficiently and effectively within the time frames and in compliance with the applicable laws,
This bill seeks to provide for contemporary realities relating to Child Protection and repeals the antiquated Children and Young Persons' Ordinance.
Completed the construction of 15 km long double electric fence.
Motor Vehicles 20%
27th March
Financial Statements should be prepared following the undermentioned guidelines, based on figures appeared in the final Financial Statements for the year 2018 and the tables annexed thereto to be released by this Department as indicated in the Section 4.10 of the State Accounts Circular No. 266/2018 dated 19.10.2018.
Loose Tools & Accessories
Training programs
Twenty eight vacancies had existed in the posts of Tertiary, Secondary and Primary levels and 36 excesses had existed in the posts of Secondary and Primary levels of approved and actual cadre.
An income of Rs.3,660,686 has been earned up to 31st of December 2012 by the Swimming Pool by providing facilities such as Swimming membership for school children (672), Swimming membership for Elders (312), Swimming Competition (10), Water Polo Matches (06), Trainings (91) etc.
Power Lifting
All Public Entrepreneurs should have a recruitment scheme approved by the Board of Directors and the relevant Ministry with the concurrence of the Department of Public Enterprises and the General Treasury and a promotion procedure applicable to every post and  to all public posts.
Further, the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates needs to be continuously compared and quantified.
Certain significant statistics relating to the financing, budgetary provision for the year under review, and the utilization of funds during the year under review and up to 31 December 2015 are shown below.
Intangible assets that are acquired by the Board, which have finite useful lives, are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
Lack of Unpaid Disaster Advances
Net Allocation (Rs.)
Explain the variance between total net provision of recurrent expenditure and actual expenditure
Wijesingha Herath Mudiyanselage Dharmasena
Monday, 11 January 2010, 00:00
Assets
Sports Trainer / Sports Officer
Mrs. W. P. Gunawathi
02 Weeks
Metro Colombo Urban Development Project
Subject
Therefore in the backdrop of the growing traffic congestion day by day in the City of Colombo and its adjacent areas.
These financial statements presented in Sri Lanka Rupees have been prepared on a historical cost basis.
Finally I would like to remind that every possible step is taken in future to strengthen the rural economy of Sri Lanka thereby increasing their livelihood and Laksala further expects to everything necessary to earn direct and indirect foreign exchange to the Economy by generating sales income up to Rs. two million in the year 2013.
Awareness program for athletes and coaches about banned stimulants
United Kingdom
Activities done by the make-up unit in 2012
6.2 Department of Law Commission
Cultural Officer
Government Analyst's Department
New Design Training Program - wood related
Telephone Number: 011-2868793
Was appointed to the post of Assistant Director (Drama Development, Artistes’ Welfare and Programmes) with effect from 01.10.2012.
It is emphasized that all Ministries, Departments and District Secretariats should follow instructions of this Circular.
The main objective of this committee meeting was to discuss the preparatory activities of a project on 'Appropriate Mitigation Actions in Energy Generation and End-use sectors in Sri Lanka'.
At the preliminary stage, the planting material required for the establishment of high quality bud wood nurseries in the said nurseries is provided from the nurseries of the Department.
The final consultancy report of the Urban Updating Invention in Galle had been scheduled to be submitted on 27 April 2017 and advances amounting to Rs. 61.36 million had been released.
Please credit the cash book balance to imprest A/c No 7003/0/0/.......
Post Harvest Damage Mitigation Programme for the Estates in SAARC Countries
Mrs. Vinitha Mallika
9.4.1. Mr. T.A.C.N. Talangama of Class I of Sri Lanka Administrative Service, who was serving in the Kurunegala District Elections Office, was appointed to the post of Deputy Commissioner of Elections of Kandy District Elections Office with effect from 23.03.2015.
132 kV Outdoor Switch Yard at the Kilinochchi Grid Substation - The Asset Management Branch of the Division is responsible for achieving the maximum commercial benefit of plant and equipment in the Transmission Network.
Of this, 2,000 heifers were imported from New Zealand to this country, recently (13/05/2017).
7. Multipurpose buildings
Deputy Director (SLAS)
Though an allocation of Rs. 18,102,966 had been made for the payment of gratuity at the end of the year under review, no investment had been made to cover the liability as per the standard and only an investment of Rs. 1,297,780 had been made.
Construction (development) Activities
The curve of growth method is used to find the chemical abundances of the stellar atmospheres.
(v) Guideline 5.6.1
The following instances of non-compliances were observed in the audit.
Development of IT system
Introduction to Performance of Peripheral Equipment such as Multimedia, Monitors, Scanners and Printers
Balance
Batch  04
According to the institutional requirements, the above two posts have been created with the approval of the Department of Management Services and the Trust and recruitments have been made with the approval of the Trust.
(a) Fire extinguishers worth Rs. 128,928 had been purchased contrary to Guideline 3.4 (a) of the Procurement Manual without following the Procurement Procedure.
At the Auditorium of the District Secretariat of the District
Also, promoted cordial relationships among different categories of the staff.
6.3 An officer who has served a period of 5 years in popular service stations shall again be transferred to another popular service station only if there are no other requests.
Koralai Pattu & Koralai Pattu West
African Lion - 01
Balance provision available at the end of the year
Head, Chemical & Microbiological Laboratory
I. Order under Article 98(8) of the Constitution – Number of Members to be elected from each electorate at Parliamentary Elections – 2015
Strengthening Enforcement of Law, Access to Justice and Social Integration is funded by the United Nations Development Programme.
Rented
3. Spiritual Development
Thirty nine different staff allowances had been paid from time to time to the staff by the Board on the approval of the Board of Directors without obtaining the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers as specified in the Public Enterprises Circular No 95 of 04 June 1994.
Progress from 01.01.2014 to 31.12.2014
In November 2014, an agreement was signed with a Chinese company for the implementation of the construction work of this project at a cost of US $ 690.0 million.
The Treasury recognized an aggregate sum for this instrument during the budget formulation process considering the historical trends in public expenditure and budget deficits and other fiscal targets such as advance provisions to enable to improve favorable fiscal environment in the country.
Length (Km): 48.70
This Bill provides for a new system for the administration of prison inmates.
In addition to the Academic Programme, the Institute produces tissue cultured banana to the local farming community with very reasonable rates and has generated income for the Institute as well.
Mrs. I. C. Magalin Fernando
Sprawling over the area of 65,525 Sq. km.
10. Donations
Small Flags 9’ x 11’ (Tasseled Flags)
Ministry and Department
Department of the Commissioner General of Samurdhi
Formulation of Budget Estimates for 2015
Inability to meet the human resource requirements in the Procurement Unit of the Ministry;
Kurunegala - Narammala - Madampe Road (0.0 - 22.36km)
20 people
Rs. 175.7 Million for Project 01 and Rs. 944.6 Million for Project 02 have been allocated.
Key Performance Indicators (KPI)
Modernization of Public Education Project
Wennappuwa Pradeshiya Sabha
(iii) augmentation of Old-Anuradhapura 132/33 kV Grid Substation
Animal Act (English)
Travelling and Vehicle Expenses
Development of participatory leadership skills
Total Number of Voters: 833,887
Mrs. Gothami R. Silva
LEGAL DRAFTSMAN’S DEPARTMENT
Roads and Bridges, 78.91%
Enrolment is open to any person engaged in the field of Agriculture/Agro-business at least for a period of 05 years and who have successfully passed the GCE A-Level Examination;
Letters requesting the participation of community members to the function to be held at Dodamgoda entrance prior to  the  opening ceremony of Southern Express way were sent  to community  of Agalwatta. Palindanuwara. Dodamgoda. Bulathsinhala.Matugama. Walalawita, and Kalutara.
Recommendation of the Evaluation Committee
During this period several 132 kW transmission lines were being constructed from Galle to Matara, Puttalam to Maho, Ukuwela to Pallekele, Habarana to Valachchenai and Rantambe to Mahiyanganaya to strengthen the power handling capacity of the National Grid.
Also, accurate and updated information is needed to make better policy decisions.
Banana plants final count as at 31.12.2012
Driver PL 3
As per the initial Loan Agreement, the activities of the Project had commenced on 07 April 2006 and is scheduled to be completed by 31 December 2012.
Overcoming Career Challenges
D. G. S. A. 6 - Explanation for variations between Total Net Provision and Actual Recurrent Expenditure (for each program)
Empowering Expenditure - 2016 Budget and Public Expenditure Management
Public Services
Most of the Ranaviru children presently belong to the lower age group and they enter the higher classes at the time of retirement of the War hero after completion of his service period of 12 or 22 years.
The major outcomes as envisioned by 2021 are as follows.
Nuwarawewa
Book Keeper -
(a)  Useful life time of depreciable assets
Savings Account (Bank of Ceylon)
Within One Year
10 Sri Lanka Co-operative Industries Federation Ltd. 41
The relevant details are given in Table XVII.
Trade & other payables
Ipalogama
Divisional Secretariat, Wennappuwa - Tamil Level 3
03kg
11. Legal Draftsman's Department
Judicial Officers
Ac 100
By now, the procedure of community correction has been set in motion through 125 magistrate courts and circuit courts across the island.
Summary of Progress of the Development Projects as at 31.12.2014
Co-operative Employee Workshops in 2014
Impairment Previously Recognized
(vii) Guideline 8.13.3
At that meeting, both sides agreed that a Feasibility Study on establishing a Framework Arrangement to identify ways and means for enhancing Sri Lanka and Bangladesh bilateral trade be conducted.
The Asian Development Bank and Government of Sri Lanka financed this project at a total cost of US$ 15.7 million.
Therefore, there is a time gap in returns always.
Field Officers, Community organisation Leaders, Trainers engaged in planning and implementing community projects at the rural and local level
(b) Utilization of Assets
The Strengthening Enforcement of Law, Access to Justice and Social Integration (SELAJSI)
Problems faced in performing regulatory functions and matters to be considered by the Authority.
Additional General Manager (Generation)
Another task entrusted with the Examination Division is to issue certificates for the officers those who have achieved Official Language Proficiency.
Colombo East
The detailed audit carried out in this regard had revealed that there were no written agreements and other records maintained in this regard to prove the utilization of respective residences for intended purposes.
3.2.2 All Island Manufacturing and Services Co-operative Societies
Office Officer
Its objective is to utilize part of the income received from wildlife conservation activities for wildlife conservation.
Mainly following tasks carried out in this Branch.
The balance sheets of all statutory institutions coming under the purview of the line ministry, specially funded through the Consolidated Fund should be examined to find out whether there are unauthorized investments in fixed deposits, Treasury Bills, etc.
Rehabilitation of tanks in Wilpattu National Park; Construction of the Wildlife Administration Building in Vavuniya; Purchase of furniture for wildlife circuit bungalow
Budget Circular No: 5/2015
Electricity Sales - Bulk Supply LECO
As a result, the deferred tax assets arising on the retirement benefit obligation and accounting provision have been re-estimated and adjusted to retained earnings at the date of transition to SLFRSs.
Foreign Finance Agreements
Financial Management
Out of that Euro 52 million equivalent to Rs. 8,149.96 million was agreed to be financed by the French Agency for Development.
03. The role entrusted to Development Officers has been mentioned in the Development Officers' Service Minute published in the Gazette Extra ordinary No. 1745/11 dated 14.02.2012.
Implementing strategies  to maximise the benefits of promoting tourism by setting up outlets in the areas popular for tourists.
3. Utilization of Labour of Receivers of community based correction orders for the Development of the Country
Further, it was observed that net assets of the Company had decreased during the last 5 years by around 32 percent which could be a threat to the existence of the Company.
Staff Debtors - TG Office Documents 3 (a) 1
This deficiency has been fulfilled with this "Hall De Galle Hall"
Mr. T. L. B. Attanayake
Vavuniya (Vacant)
The number of newly recruited Public Management Assistants in the year 2014 is 150.
Eravur Urban Council
3. Land Project
Annex - 1 C
Additionally, the legal aid pages carry editorials on legal subjects of topical interest.
(D) Walapane
Akila Ilankai Tamil Congress
Revenue collected by other Ministries/Departments on behalf of Revenue Accounting Officers should not be included in the form ACA-1 of the Statement of Financial Performance and such revenue should also be  included in the form ACA-3 considering as an imprest released by the General Treasury.
A004 Kirulapana – Godagama
Sri Lanka is blessed with a rich biodiversity.
Providing care for mentally retarded boys who have lost guardians
Source Manthai Salt Limited
Firstly, the result of the vote count at the polling divisional and district level including the results of the postal votes, and secondly, the results of the count of preferences obtained by each candidate.
Discount rate is determined on the basis of market rates of long-term Government Bond.
Varietal evaluation and selection program consisting of 17 lines of cluster onion showed that the yields of 4 lines were higher compared to recommended varieties "Vethalan" and "Thinnaveli Red".
Main news telecasts
Submission of the Summary of Accounts related to December 2017
Under this, the project identified as necessary for the development of the farm by the selected farmers at each Divisional Secretariat level is carried out by the government with the contribution of the farmers at a suitable percentage of cost.
Net Cash Flow from /(used in) Investing Activities
Message
For 20 programs of religion teachers and prefects of schools in the Rathnapura Diocese
Delays in collection of revenue
Dawase Paththara,
Manjula C.R. Bandara
Qualifications have been introduced by above Circulars with the objective of facilitating the recruitment of suitable persons to the posts with the inclusion of educational qualifications into Schemes of Recruitment which are required for such posts depending on the requirement of Appointing Authorities.
Loan balance due as at 31.12.2014  Rs.49,477,098.63
(a) The construction works 73.90 kilometers of Ruwanpura Expressway from Kahathuduwa in the Western Province to Palmadulla in Sabaragamuwa Province had been commenced on 10 October 2014.
Expenditure Head
Study on the quality of Well water in Rathupaswala area
Invoice number/ file number
(III) Paragraph 8.3.9
This Forum deliberated on the key challenges within the justice sector including law delays.
Cost of Sales of Cement - Colombo
(c) Whether adequate accounting records were maintained on a continuing basis to show the expenditure of the Project from the funds of the Government of Sri Lanka and the Donor Agency, the progress of the Project in financial and physical terms, the assets and liabilities arising from the operations of the Project, the identifications of the purchases made out of the Loan, etc.,
3.5.4 Idle Assets
Renovation of the Auditorium
Accordingly, Chief Accountants of previous Ministries are responsible for finalizing the accounts of abolished ministries and handing over the balances that are to be brought forward to the new ministries, and the Chief Accountants of new Ministries are responsible in taking over those balances.
Under this, the establishment of Conciliation Boards was initiated for each Divisional Secretariat Division in Sri Lanka.
Squash Court
One post of Tertiary Level and 07 posts of primary level had remained vacant.
Electoral District No. 01
Appropriate approval has not been granted.
The formulation of advance account limits was determined considering the requirements of each ministry and department.
(v) The debtors balances relating to 2 agreements without the name of clients amounting to Rs. 320,600 had been existing over periods ranging from 15 to 17 years.
Estimates
Action is being taken to identify.
System Deficiency
The functions of the philanthropists who started the Trusts are fulfilled.
Less: Cash disbursed
Providing allowances to four (04) pre-school teachers of the children with low intelligence and with hearing disabilities
Further, if the creditors  fail to appear before the Board at the final hearing in response to the notice issued, an expert hearing is held after which a certificate is issued to the debtor.
24. Divisional Secretariat - Neluwa
Domestic
Divulapitiya Police Station
Secondary Level
However, if any of the parents is dead the whole compensation shall be granted to living parent and at such occasions where both parents are dead, the compensation shall be divided equally among brothers and sisters who can be treated as the dependants of the officer concerned. i.e.
However, the ratio of income and reimbursement expenses decreased to 87% in 2013 from the high of 94.5% achieved last year.
Answering Audit Queries (Divisional Secretariat - Four Gravets)
History  Milestones
Mr. N. T. Wijeratne
Mr. K.W. Pushpakumara
Review & Implementation of Budget 2014
Construction of a Welfare Restaurant
Weaknesses in the recovery of arrears of revenue
Sherwood Estate, Perera Road, Bandarawela
Illicit sale and possession of toddy
Corporation share of EPF
Chairman of the Official Languages ​​Commission, Mr. Nimal R. Ranawaka addressed the meeting.
Battery Test Project 2013 Second Quarter
Educational Visits to the Institute
11 Interdictions
Provision of New Bicycles, Motor Cycles, Motor Cars and Equipment necessary for carrying out duties
Rambakenna Oya Project
A detailed statement with reference to the cumulative values for each and every F.R. 66 and 69 transfers is also sent with the above mentioned statement.
Mr. Y. P. Y. P. Ariyasinghe
The Company had paid a sum of Rs. 5,085,678 as the PAYE tax on behalf of bonus payment made to the employees without been deducted from employees.
1.4 Basis for Disclaimer Opinion
This coincided with the establishment of the Department of National Botanical Gardens in 2006.
Most of the strategies stated in the corporate plan are implemented.
Printing C. B. R. Hand book
During the year 2014, the staff members have participated in local education and training courses as follows.
Inventories
Examinations and other fees
My Number: EST- 06/ 04/ LOANS/ 4072
3.5 Foreign currency conversion
(iii) Partial loss of function of one foot
i. Legal Division
The prevalence of sustainable peace throughout the country is an essential aspect in steering a country towards its sustainable development and in continuing to maintain the development so achieved.
So far 45 agricultural and production projects have been carried out in all the regional offices of the island using the labour of the Community Correctional Commanders.
Methodical way of Maintaining Accounts Book
Director's Fund
Income from Medical Test Activities
(Increase)/ Decrease in Trade and Other Receivables
6.5.2 Tracings and Diagrams issued by the District Survey Offices
1.3 Responsibilities of Management and Related Parties in Financial Statements
Total number of 6151 candidates, which consisted of 3653 candidates of recognized political parties and 2498 candidates of independent groups contested in the Parliamentary Election 2015.
Fittings
Rs. 21,582,136
Auditor’s Recommendation
Training for an efficient Service
4. Significant Accounting Estimates and judgments
Mr. K. A. Dharmapala
32 million from the Botanic Gardens Trust Fund
In assessing the provincial capital needs, the Commission undertakes a comprehensive analysis considering the contents of the Development Policy of the Government and Provincial Medium-Term Plans.
XIV. Number of votes received and seats won by the contested political parties (Parliamentary Election – 2015)
Allocations for gratuity have been made in the Financial Statements and every employee has been considered for such allocations from the first year of their Service.
Measures taken to improve the performance of SOBEs
i. Number of translation application forms
1.1 Presentation of Financial Statements
Activities done outside the main objectives
Activities related to elephant conservation
In view of the rising demand for electricity in the Kilinochchi and in the south of Jaffna peninsula it is now being planned to upgrade the Kilinochchi Grid substation by adding another 31.5 MVA, 132/33 kV Transformer, and additional 33 kV feeders including required Control/ Protection/ Monitoring/ Substation Automation Systems.
VI. Number of names in each Electoral District that have not been registered due to multiple registration (Revision of Electoral Registers – 2015)
8. Provision of Financial Assistance for Homes for the Elders.
The number of local craftsmen registered has increased from 4000 in the year 2011 to 6000 suppliers in this year.
6. Honouring the People Serving the Community on Religious Matters and those who are contributing to the cultural field.
Rehabilitation Officer (Grade I Female)
Mr. N. A. Thilak
03. Rehabilitation plans for unused lands
Number of case files opened
Ms. M. T. I. V. Amarasekera (From 10th May 2013)
Public Officers, Volunteer Development Workers, Community Leaders engaged in Rural Development Programs
Senior Deputy Director, Life Sciences Division, Atomic Energy Authority
A Group of Employees who have been dismissed by the Coconut Producers' Co-op Society of Kammalpattu
Textile Development Division
Under the respective program, Milk Production Society was established with 36 farmers in Kirindi Oya Major Irrigation Area.
The responsibility of the auditors, in relation to the financial statements prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act No 7 of 2007, is set out in the Report of the Auditors.
District and Divisional Offices - Batticaloa
Public Administration Circular No 46/90 (IV) dated 13.10.2011 and Public Administration Circular No 46/90 (V) dated 10.05.2012 a decision has been taken at the meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers held on 16.12.2013 to cancel the aforesaid  without causing any prejudice to the action taken so far relevant to those Circulars.
The installed capacity of this project is 150 MW (this consists of two 75 MW units).
CORPORATE   INFORMATION
The study will be repeated to verify and confirm the results.
Allocations have been released for projects from Matale, Badulla, Kurunagala, Seethawaka and Kelaniya Divisional Secretariat Divisions.
(e) The list of liabilities is maintained.
Equity and Liabilities
Department of Sports Development
Mr. J. Adassuriya
3.7.3 Provisions – Other Receivables
Mr. K. P. Nishantha
The Treasury Accounting Statements including transactions of the summary of accounts in December 2017 will be released to the State Accounts webpage in the website of the Treasury, http/www.treasury.gov.lk
To facilitate the strengthening of inter-ethnic relations in the area
B207 Katukurunda – naboda
August - ADB Vice President, Administration and Corporate Management, Mr.Bruce L.Davis visited Sri Lanka on an invitation to attend a SAARC Chief Justices Roundtable on the Environment
That a formal program should be formulated and implemented to recover the loans
Jam Bottles Lids
R.M.Kumarasekara
Accordingly, the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has agreed to use the remaining funds from the Vavuniya - Kilinochchi Transmission Project for this procurement activity.
Manager for Hindu Pilgrimage Guest House
Sri Lanka Principals Service
Accordingly, the Department of Census and Statistics has appointed a team on this matter and they have developed a statistical formula.
Mr S.M.D.N. Dharmapriya
Total Expenditure - 2015 (Rs.000)
Irrigable area: 10,000 ha.
Expenditure Rs.
Page (03)
The setting up of Dedicated Economic Centers was started in 1998, as a means of implementing marketing development strategy to provide marketing facilities for producers in the rural areas.
Dr. A.A.A.A. Shivanka Wijegunawardene
There are 20 resource contributors.
13. Full Repair of Magistrate’s Court at Dehiattakandiya
Here, provisions are included for the use of biometric signatures at the time of signing the deed and to prevent fraud.
Agricultural Instructor 03
Procurement Division
Third Season Green Gram Cultivation - Ignimitiya Scheme
They may be changed from time to time according to the response of officers.
3.17.3. Divi Neguma National Development Programme - 2013
Introduction to District of Galle
Mr. Vini Fernando
Cost
Advance on foreign purchase – spares parts
Net cash flow through the operating process
Sumathi Tele Awards
7:2 An interim allowance specified at paragraph 04 or 06 above should be paid as applicable to the casual employees serving on daily paid basis calculated on the basis of 1/30 per each day served during the month.
Although it was decided at the inception to commence the field activities relating to the revision on 15th May 2015 and to complete the work by October 2015 and certify the electoral register on 31 October 2015, the certification of the electoral register had to be postponed until 31 December 2015 due to the two national level elections held during the year and the activities relating to the payments in that regard etc,.
Details have been furnished to Audit.
Recorded cassettes
Renovation of the wall around the garden
No.of Pending cases on 01.01.2015
Coconut
The Survey Department has reopened the boundaries of Victoria, Randenigala and Rantambe Sanctuaries.
Preparation and updating of new project proposals to be implemented with foreign aid
Adopting an administrative mechanism and a documentation system with regard to the implementation of the Official Language Policy
Public Trustee representing the Government of Sri Lanka
MR. P.K. Wijesinghe
Evidence not made available
The print media should similarly provide equal space and prominence to all political parties/ candidates in publishing special discussions and reporting campaign meetings.
Promotion of Hindu Religious Activities
Madurankuliya Central College
13 vehicles of the department and field offices have been repaired and completed.
The social, economic, and educational status of the Sri Lankan women remains at a higher level than that of the women in other countries.
My No: EST - 6/03/LEA/3125
Established on 03/01/2014 under the Divi Neguma Act No. 01/01/2013 of the Ministry of Economic Development, the 'Divi Neguma Development Department' provided relief to 13,166 beneficiaries in the Mannar District in the year 2014 and over 20,000 (over 20,000) people with low income.
Rs. 60,000.00
3.5.4 Annual Boards of Survey – Goods / Inventory
The average annual temperature is 27.5 degrees Celsius.
The Environmental Policy of the CEB is as follows;
(a) The Company had filed a case against a Government Institution to recover an outstanding balance of Rs. 43,447,015.
Wastewater treatment is carried out using the latest ozone oxidation method.
Bussa No. 03
(By Projects of a Program)
A guarantee bond had not been obtained on the special advance amounting to Rs. 49 million released to complete the remaining civil works under the Package – 01, considering the poor financial capacity of the contractor.
The Indo-Sri Lanka Free Trade Agreement (ISFTA) became fully operational from November 2008.
Provisions allocated for 2014 - Rs.2.0 Mn.
(i) Institutions listed in Schedule I - before 11th January 2016
Sri Lanka Cast Net Owners' Co-operative Society Ltd.
World Children's Day Drama Competition - 2014
Table 1
Institute of Surveying and Mapping - Diyathalawa
Postgraduate / Vocational Development Courses / Workshops
Madulla
Office maintenance
Annex 53
The system of internal control is designed to cover the risk arising from errors, omissions and mistakes, safeguarding the assets of the Company, and to record and maintain a proper set of books, through proper procedures by segregation of duties, authority levels and internal and external audit procedures.
12 Days Short Term Training Courses in parallel to the Deyata Kirula Exhibition
It is planned to conduct 04 such programs in the year 2014.
4. Number of applications received for searching documents
The total amount for the programme was Rs. 75,356/-.
This medal awards presentation had a good influence on creating respect and self esteem towards the war heroes’ relatives in the name of the war hero.
As part of an audit in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards, I exercised professional judgement and maintained professional skepticism throughout the audit.
Total Consumer Accounts of the Ceylon Electricity Board
Development of the buildings of the Special Task Force
In December 2011, The Ministry of Justice announced the setting up of Sri Lanka’s first International Arbitration Centre.
Transactions with Key Management Personnel
Introducing the Innovative Model Centers Expansion Programme aimed at extending the concept of Innovative Model centers to the other government institutions as well.
6% - Semi-processed raw materials
Religious place
Post-harvest Technology
Government
2.17 Borrowing Costs
(ii) Lot B: Installation of Breaker Switched Capacitor Bank
Uhana
This information should be sent to the Assistant Registrar / Senior Assistant Registrar (Institutional Division) for certification.
Chairman
Textile Bags
Buddhist Activities
Providing legal advice to various Government Ministries and Departments with regard to the preparation of Bills and subordinate legislation is another function of the Department.
However, the Secretary, Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs shall issue transfer orders on administrative and service requirements as well as on disciplinary grounds.
In terms of F.R. 215 (3) (C), transfer of provisions remaining at the end of the year in an expenditure Head to the Deposit Account would be permitted only if the Department of Treasury Operations has granted the approval for the same.
Language Medium in which you sit for the Examination
Auditor General Department
New Payment Counters
These activities are carried out by Divisional Secretariats.
The objective of creating this docudrama is to screen it while conducting awareness programmes with regard to the Official Languages Policy.
Maldives
Submission of second and final Supplementary Summary of Accounts including further corrections of errors in accounts to the Department of State Accounts
6. Administrative Expenses
8. English Day - 2012
Senior Lecturer, Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Colombo
(b) Expenditure incurred on the other Ministry/Department expenditure heads or under other major ledgers as per Financial Regulations 208.
The National Languages Project is a bilateral agreement between the Government of Canada and  the Government of Sri Lanka with the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration (MNLSI) representing the Government of Sri Lanka.
Total cost estimate as per F. R. 94 (3) (Rs.)
Local and Foreign Training
Allocation of Special Provisions for Members of Parliament
4.1.2.3 Library System for Sri Lanka Bhikshu University
Sudumal Paidage Jayantha Munaweera
Unit Measurement Branch
In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the Company's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated Financial Statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control.
Completion date: 30.08.2012
ANNUAL TRANSFERS OF OFFICERS IN COMBINED SERVICES - 2014
National Design Centre - Nattarampotha
437 Pannisai classes have been conducted in Kaluthara, Jaffna, Batticaloa and Badulla Districts.
Revised Expenditure Estimate
100 Metre
Special Economic Centers
Mr. K. P. Kasthuriarachchi
Provisions allocated for 2014-Rs. 250.00 million
Hence the abnormal loss was 5,808 Kg or 13% of the papers sent for cutting.
Number of Names removed due to violating Election Laws
08. Construction of Record Room and Production Room at Mahiyangana Magistrate's Court
Capital & Reserves
(a) Implementation of the Project
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than one resulting from error.
12. Training Program for Civil Procedure
During this year too as the Government implemented massive development projects, this Department also played its role as a pioneer among their initiators.
Electoral register of year 2015 was certified on 31.12.2015 and two national level elections namely, Presidential Election and the Parliamentary Election were conducted during the year 2015.
In order to maintain productive rubber cultivation, at least 3% of the total extent of rubber lands should be replanted annually.
Ensuring the continuous service of the transport system by improving the slopes and bridges of endangered roads
Colombo - 02
The division is fully focused on loss reduction, energy conservation, and demand-side management within the unit.
Divi Neguma / Development Officers
Dewamunige Asanka Prabhath Silva
Local Government Institutions
Defendant
Here, 1182 vehicles were tested with high emissions.
Beneficiaries
Rugby Matches (International – Calton 7) - 01
Part of the energy generated under Phase two will be transmitted to Anuradhapura through a 220 kV double circuit transmission line.
Purchase of hand tractors
Residential Workshops on “Case Management and Mediation” conducted for Judges of the Southern, North Central, Central and Northern Provinces.
The staff of the District Secretariat consist of not only the staff paid under Expenditure Summary 261 of the District Secretary but also staff of the other Departments and Line Ministries under the supervision of the District Secretary, which have also been included.
Lands and buildings
Should be complied with relevant Financial Rule.
Waste Management and Environmental Development
Extent of cultivated Lands (Hectares)
These experiences show the necessity of strengthening the feeling of belonging as one nation to reduce the hurtful feelings among ethnic and cultural groups
Low Tension (kilometers)
Debts provided to staff
Very often Prison Department officials refer cases to Legal Aid Commission.
5. Human Resource Development
Deputy Registrar
The progress of this Branch in 2014 is as follows.
The Survey Requisition Information Management System for the department has been introduced and it is being implemented at district level.
Cut off the irrelevant sections
Optical filters, (445/20nm Bright-line and 387/11nm Bright-line) were procured for carrying out the scientific observation on comet ISON.
6.2.3. Advance Account
Detailed report of the Company for the year 2016 was issued on 18th December 2019 to the Chairman of the Company.
From Chief Inspector of Police to Assistant Superintendent of Police / Special Task Force
The amount of loan Sri Lanka obtains annually from the ADB is approximately USD 300 million and it is 0.4 - 0.6 percent of the GDP.
6.1 Land Surveys
Government Buildings
(b) Fourteen motor vehicles, 100 units of furniture and equipment and 72 units of office equipment belonging to the Authority had been shown in the financial statements at a value of Rs.1 after depreciation.
Road and Highways
1.2.3 Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
Session 03 planning of curriculums
Hindu Encylopedia
Property, plant and equipment of the company with a cost of Rs.27,009,274 (2012 - Rs.52,232,552) have been fully depreciated and continue to be in use by the Company.
Cricket Training Camp
To recommend sworn translators
16th October - 10 Days
It is worth USD 4.8 million.
Details of Treasury Expenditure:-
A unified Sri Lankan nation celebrating unity in diversity endearingly intertwined by two languages ensuring the cultural identity of all communities
Habitat enrichment in reserved areas
Myanmar
File Size: 205.5 Kb
Gampaha District Stadium
3.5. Procurement
Ministry of Mahaweli Development and Environment, Ministry of Agriculture, Irrigation Department, Agricultural Department, Irrigation management Division, Agrarian Development Department, Mahaweli Authority of Sri Lanka, Provincial Irrigation Department and University of Moratuwa, Peradeniya, Ruhuna, Rajarata, Eastern, and Uva Wellassa represented the conference and Technical seminars.
National Building Research Organization
Especially the Company's current position of huge losses must be considered.
08. Mr. Namal Alagoda
Senior Assistant Legal Draftsman
11-12 Mar. (For Police officers)
Accordingly, the remaining balance in the General Deposit Account as at 31 July 2015, except the amount which is expected to be paid within the next 05 months of the year 2015, should be credited to the revenue code 2003.02.99.
Coordinating Secretary - Secretary
3.2. Idle or Underutilized Property, Plant and Equipment
(a) It was observed that the management of non-fish solid waste was not properly carried out in a manner preventing environmental damages even by the date of audit.
The categorization of posts/ services in public service is indicated in schedule III.
Preparation of the Financial Statement
(SLEngS)
6. APRGP 2014 GNSS OBSERVATION CAMPAIGN
A formal disciplinary inquiry against one officer was made in 2014.
Yodha Wawa
To form a fair and law-abiding society.
Length/ Kilometers
9.5.6 Ms. P.H.M. Sri Madhu, who was serving in Kandy District Elections Office in the Class III of Office Employees Service resigned from the public service from 28.01.2015 due to personal reasons.
If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss.
Length: 42.4 km
Patriotic National Front
Rebuilt the toilet of Engineering Division.
Rs.242, 111.60 was allocated by the Ministry for the reconciled youth teams combining programme organized by the National Institute of Language Education and Training.
Expenditure Head No. 269
2.1 Export & Import Performance
Hon. Minister of Finance and Mass Media has signed warrants in terms of the provisions in Article 150 ( 1 ) of the Constitution and the Appropriation Act No. 30 of 2017 which was approved by Parliament on 09.12.2017 to incur expenditure during the year 2018.
Temporary differences arising from revaluation surplus not recognized under previous SLAS have been recognized in compliance with SLFRSs and revaluation reserve adjusted to the date of transition.
Therefore, action had been taken by the Project to transfer a sum of Rs. 1,128.33 million to a Dedicated Bank Account of a contractor, as special advance made to the contractor with a bank guarantee to complete the balance works.
Lot C2:
Sabaragamuwa Provincial Council Members, Kegalle District Secretary, Additional Secretary of this Ministry, Director and Officers of this Department and public participated at the event.
Chairman/Chief Executive Officer
Electoral District No. 17
December 31 for the final year
This Report is issued in terms of Article 154 (6) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
Electoral District No. 12
Work In Progress
According to the table above, 09 follow up programs were conducted for teachers during the year 2014.
No Provincial Council Election was held in the year 2015 and only the vacancies were filled.
Financial Progress (Rs. Million)
The self employment target of 40 for 2011 was achieved by the end of year giving financial assistance to 40 beneficiaries.
The Company has sought approval of the Registrar of Companies  in terms of Section 153 (7) of the Companies Act No. 07 of 2007 to avoid merger.
1.3.3. Officers who joined in on transfer
6. Money and money equivalents
Number of vehicles Maintained
A maximum of 10% may be recommended for the temporary disablement of the patient at the point of time of receiving the injury by perusing the documents available.
The total Utilization of the year 2014
Western - South II
1.3. Organisational hierarchy - Up to 31 - 12- 2014
The vessel is stated at its carrying value.
Greater Colombo Waste Water Management Project
(a) Whether the systems and controls were adequate from the point of view of internal control so as to ensure a satisfactory control over Project management and the reliability of books, records, etc. relating to the operations of the Project,
Up to 2014.12.31 , 55 five days workshops have been conducted and approximately 2250 Mediators have been trained.
South Asian Preferential Trade Agreement
Retirement Benefit Obligations
(f) Productivity enhancement of land and water in major and medium irrigation schemes
Sealing Rap
Establishing the name of the institute through branding process
Textile, Decorative Products
However, the Corporation had to remove 13,000 bags of solidified cement in connection with the case filed by the Consumer Affairs Authority under case number 077755/21.
Program of exchanging knowledge gained from the workshops on waste management was held at Renuka Hotel under the financial sponsorship of the International Labour Organization as another phase of the GREEN JOB project of the International Labour Organization.
(e) The value of buildings of the Wellawe Library amounting to Rupees 925,284 had been omitted from the accounts.
Management of Introduction of Invasive Alien Species into Sri Lanka waters through ships' Ballast water.
Public Petitions Unit (Engaged in dealing with matters relating to public petitions.)
During the year 2013, the Microwave Communication System and the PLC/Fiber Communication System were combined together to operate as a single network by replacing the old NEC NRAZ 2400 type PABX of the microwave communication system with SOPHO IS 3030 type PABX.
Dalupatha
Singapore  08
(b) Officers beyond 58 years of age as at 01.01.2014 should not be transferred even within the district unless they make a request.
(i) Financial Regulation 135 - The duties had not been divided and delegated so as to check and pass off each transaction through different officers.
1. Ministries/Government Departments
Eragama
TV loan - others
The registration of Village Elder Committees, Provincial Elder Councils and District Elder Councils, providing of financial assistance to day care centers, implementation of psychological counselling programmes to improve mental and spiritual development of elders, and also the training of caretakers for elders were some of the major steps.
Reported Excise Offences and Solutions
Administration Division
Providing drinking water facilities to the people of Mahawa and Polpithigama areas in Kurunegala District
Planting trees on the boundaries of the reservation
Please enter the following characters you see into the text box below.
Your assistance in implementing the new system is greatly appreciated.
Investment
The Sri Lankan Delegation was headed by Hon. Rishard Bathiudeen, Minister of Industry and Commerce of Sri Lanka.
Time analysis according to the total (ii)
Manufacture of light engineering products
This amendment is proposed to provide relief to persons who were displaced and disadvantaged during the period 1983 – 2009 from the provisions of the Prescription Ordinance.
(g) Management Assistant – Non Technical C2 (MA 1-2)
New staff suitable to the marketing sector was recruited while the Voluntary Retirement Scheme was also implemented during the year 2012.
A Register of Fixed Assets had not been maintained for the assets purchased under the Excise Reward Fund.
Obtaining Details regarding the Idle Buildings of the Government
Organizational Structure
Tricho Maritime
Industry based research and development activities
Public Company:
6.	Zonal Educational Office
Provision of international standard facilities for sports such as Athletics, Rugby, Netball, Basketball, Hand ball, Volleyball, Badminton, Squash, Table Tennis, Wrestling, Judo, Wushu, Boxing, Tykondo, Karate, Gymnastics, Cricket, Football and American Football.
Value Added Tax aggregating Rs. 583.47 million paid up to 31 December 2015 had been set off against the proceeds of the contribution received from the Government of Sri Lanka.
Cost (Rs.)
(To be referred to Column 6 of the DGSA 3)
Prepaid - TG
Actual Cost Rs. 1,659,299.22
Legal empowerment
Promoting research activities for collecting necessary data and information for facilitating wildlife conservation and scientific management
Even though it showed a 1% decline in comparison to the year 2013 (73%), the 7% progress in resolutions achieved in 2013 as against 2012 (68%) was a continuation of such exercise.
Details of Deposit Accounts
According to the financial statements as at the end of the year under review, the value of the receivable accounts amounted to Rs. 103,552,285 and a sum of Rs. 54,086,277 out of that had remained in arrear for over a period of one year.
Investigations on frauds and Excise Duty
Construction work on an outdoor kabaddi ground adjacent to it has also commenced.
(No. of beneficiaries shown in 03 groups as Rs.210/-, 750/-, 1500/-)
The increase of expenditure on fuel by a sum of Rs. 15,704,110 as compared with the preceding year had affected the decrease in the surplus.
Unmarried Members - Member and parents of the officer who are under 70 years of age
Expenditure (Rs.)
Establishment of Children's Clubs
Flowering synchronization of maize was studied to overlap the tasselling of the male line with the silking of the female line.
Regular Maintenance – Minipe Scheme
Irrigation Department - Expenditure Summary of Major Irrigation Schemes - 2015
Our expectation of following this positive approach is to execute the huge responsibility of the Ranaviru Sewa Authority unfailingly furthermore successfully achieving development programmes that are being carried out with a view to building a free and independent country as expected by his Excellency the President Mahinda Rajapaksa whose vision is making our motherland the miracle of the Asia, and supporting Defense Secretary Mr. Gotabaya Rajapaksa’s endeavors in making that goal a success Active cooperation of all members of the Management Board and the staff of the Ranaviru Sewa Authority is sought, as in previous years, in the future too for this noble task.
Ministry of Law and Order  - Annual Performance Report 2014
The contract was signed and the effective date was on November 2015.
Dewalegama,
This is an increase of 17.8 MW from the peak demand of 2146.4 MW in 2012.
The profit or loss in the Income particulars has been identified before taxation and after allocating for all the liabilities identified.
Defined benefits obligations paid
Works with 14 partner agencies to promote innovative models for regional service delivery.
ii. Lease Rent 8,203 9,795 1,757 58 8,634 8,634 8,659 65
Planning and Implementation Programmes to meet impact of Disasters
Special event
(a) Action had not been taken regarding the balances of debtors amounting to Rs. 67,001,194 which remained to be brought forward for over a period ranging from 5 years to 24 years by the end of the year.
Date of the Meeting
For Capital Projects
Assistant Registrar
(iv) Auditor General
An Action Plan should be prepared in terms of the Circular.
Sport
Promotion of Hindu Culture and Arts
376 Rural Elders Committees, 09 Regional Elders Boards, and one District Elders Boards have been provided financial assistance worth Rs. 2. 131 million.
Conducting Essay, Art, and Oratorical contests among the School Children
Any liabilities or commitments not mentioned in Annexure 1 should not be settled in the year 2016.
Remuneration and allowances aggregating Rs.8.19 million incurred by the Project during the year under review for the staff of the Elevated Highway from New Kelani Bridge to Athurugiriya Project had been charged to this Project.
By dialing #429# and following the instructions that appear on the screen, mobile subscribers were provided with the facility to connect with ANCL and submit their advertisements at any time of the day.
Number of cases closed
Conduct researches to enhance the knowledge on animals and other zoological disciplines.
20/11 – 21/11/2013 Attend the 18th Meeting of the Board of Governors of the Center for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and the Pacific (CSSTE-AP)
Ministry of Cooperatives and Internal Trade
Name: -
(3 days)
(c) Subsequent Measurement
The Government expects to introduce legislation which will cover all forms of anti-corruption and anti-bribery.
Property, plant and equipment are identified as costs, and the revalued amount is used when the cost model is not applicable.
Researchers from the Institute of Field Crop Research and Development participated in various programs as resource persons.
Establishment of a shelter for women victims of human trafficking as an urgent need of national importance was identified by the Task Force and it was established by the Ministry of Child Development and Women's Affairs in 2012.
Arrears in respect of the reporting year
Department of Land Commissioner General
Identity Certificates that have Issued Injunctions and Removed Prohibitions
Repairs & maintenance – building
(B) Ratnapura
The establishment of an Information Management System is expected to computerize all the information of prisoners, build an efficient inter exchange system of information, make the existing administrative system more efficient and streamline the security.
Dietary reports are also issued, including food to be included when participating in foreign tournaments
Administrative Costs
136 transactions aggregating to Rs. 13.30 million could not be satisfactorily vouched in Audit due to non-availability of required evidence such as bills, participants list of tender, Mechanical Engineer’s certificate and confirmation of the schools visits given by the principals etc.
Purchasing and handing over new vehicles under the Financial Leasing Method, when necessary
Mr. A. Anthoni
Weekend,
(D) Fixed Asset Control
Partly damaged
As there are many requests from the public and other agencies to compile various maps, a separate unit called Special Maps and National Map Code was set up for this purpose.
Director (Planning) 01
Management Assistant - Technical
Meanwhile, the following actions have been taken by various agencies and units of the Children and Women's Bureau located at all police stations.
Type of case
Duties relating to Dasa Sil mathas (nuns)
1.2 Collection of Long Term Hydrogeological Data in Kidney and Other Moist Disease Areas in Anuradhapura District (Rs. O.5 Mn)
Conferences, Seminars, Training progrms, & workshops
(C) Kegalle
It helps to irrigate 5696 ha of lands in Anuradhapura and Trincomalee Districts.
National Budget Circular No. 03/2018
Equity
A group of students of Library and Information Science of University of Kelaniya visited the National Archives on 28 May 2013.
S. O. MN 4
Closing of Cash Book as at 31.12.20.....and Remittance of Cash Balance to the Treasury
Housing design
It includes internal inspections and internal audits, along with financial and other controls, whenever it deems necessary, by transcribing its views into financial statements.
The Administration and Accounts Divisions provide the necessary support services to ensure the smooth and efficient functioning of the Department.
(ii) Second Copy-Ministry/ Department/ District Secretariat in charge of the Head of Expenditure
Mrs. R. M. Kusuma Kumarihami
Accordingly, with parallel to the Social Integration Week, two language training programmes were conducted for reconciled LTTE carders and one training programme was conducted for the officers in the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration in 2014.
21 Mr. P. G. M. Rohana, Development Officer III
Export-Import Bank of China
Social Security Contributions
This jib crane system was repaired and modified by Mr. Upali Devaraja, retired cameraman working in camera unit.
Diri Sawiya	Project
Even though a sum of Rs. 7,392,287 had been overpaid to the officers who retired from 01 January 2011 to 30 June 2012, action had not been taken for the recovery of that amount.
Table Tennis Matches - 01
General Marriage
Copies: i. Secretary to the President
The figures in the Revenue Account for the year 2017 should be tallied with the figures in the Final Treasury Accounting Statement issued for the year 2017.
A. I. Centers
Website www.muslimaffairs.gov.lk
(g) Human resources development for optimum utilization of human resources
Presidential Election - 2015
No. of programs
Information on births, deaths, and marriages (Palm-leaf entries 1806 - 1867)
(d) Two account items totalled to Rs. 41,291,064 could not be vouched satisfactorily in audit due to non-submission of required information.
International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)
Achievements in 2013
Equipment repairing & maintenance
Second instalment
The Accounts of the Sugathadasa National Sports Complex Authority have been prepared according to the Accounting Standards issued by the Sri Lanka Chartered Accountants’ Institution.
Accrual  News paper
Instantaneous power quality data and power generation profile data are captured by the unit using data loggers.
Dr. S. A. Krishnaraja
Department of Christian Religious Affairs
Period of Completion
Mudali Maheepala Appuhamillage Waruna Pradeep Maheepala
02 North Western Province Rural Bank Societies Limited Auditorium    25.01.2014 70
Agreements are being prepared with a view to fostering cooperation with Russia, Turkey, Indonesia, South Africa and Uganda.
At the outset, the participant in the programme should be warned not to make statements that are unethical or harmful to the communal harmony, and if such statements are made while the discussion is in progress, the programme should be discontinued then and there.
As a result of the drought, thousands of acres of paddy fields were completely destroyed causing a scarcity of rice which affected the local rice market and consequently, the price of local rice exceeded the state certified price and revision of price of rice at a high rate was significant during the year of 2014.
Analysis of expenditure for monitoring of financial as well as physical progress
d. SLFRS 13-Fair Value Measurement: SLFRS 13 establishes guidance for all fair value measurements and disclosures.
Failure to ensure security
Programmes implemented during the year under review
Projects in the negotiation process
Sri Lanka successfully participated in the 43rd, 44th and 45th Sessions of the Standing Committee of APTA in May, July and November 2014 respectively.
ITI’s Contribution to National Issues
Expenditure: Rs.99,906.96
Sooriyagahawela Koragahawela Land
In preparing the financial statements, Management is responsible for assessing the Trust’s ability to continue as a going concern.
I would also extend my heartiest gratitude to His Excellency the President Mahinda Rajapakshe for his necessary leadership and guidance to organize and perform all these tasks well.
In addition, awareness was created among the people by live programs through audiovisual electronic media as well as by newspaper reports during this week.
3.1. Performance
2.2.5 Lack of Evidence for Audit
Eng. Sanath Panawennage, Member Board of Governors
Analyzing the costs of the required resources of a particular cost center.
Our History
Bail applications have been filed for 244 Prisoners and the accused have been granted bail by the Courts.
The Ministry of Rural Economy primarily assists in the development of agro-marketing methods, rural economic development and livestock development.
Karatikuli
Cook (Assistant)
Value Added Statements
Providing assistive devices to persons with disabilities
Maintenance of the Superior Courts Complex and the maintenance of security services and  provision of security services for the official quarters of the Judges
Following works are carried out under Weheragala Project.
Expected Achieved
Audit Issue
Stadium Manager (1) (Outdoor)
Taking this into consideration, the Official Languages Commission decided to hold a debate tournament among Northern Province schools too.
Over 250 field visits were made with extension staff
Recovery unit
Best Apparel Design
5.6. Unresolved Audit Paragraphs
Agricultural lands in these areas were abandoned for more than 20 years and farmers were reluctant to cultivate any crop due to the flood problem and salinity condition.
No. of Prisoners
Employee’s Provident Fund & Employee’s Trust Fund
i. Formulation of policies for the benefit of income generating rural communities
Lease Interest Charges
Chief Clerk
Secretary to the Board
Ministry of Plan Implementation
Agriculture sector, including the plantation sector makes an immense contribution to the National Income of the country.
Following programs were conducted by the Assistant Elections Commissioner with the support of election staff under the instruction of the District Secretary and directives of the Elections Commissioner to spread awareness to the public on the importance of registering as voters and rights to franchise their voting rights on election day and celebrate Voters Day on June 1st in the District.
plan for 2014
6.7. 12-day non-residential Sinhala/Tamil language training courses for students who have completed GCE (Advanced Level) Studies under the Language Associations National Movement.
In progress
Overall Performance
Digitalization of Terrestrial Television Broadcasting Project
Service charge (0.75%)
The project has an installed capacity of 35 MW, which is expected to generate 126 GWh of electricity annually.
Ampara and Polonnaruwa Districts
These concessions are made applicable depending on the number of examination sessions/ opportunities held from the date of appointment or promotion of the officer.
Ibrahim Mohamed Mohamed Mansoor
Construction of Concrete Road
19 Data Entry Operator (Departmental)
Balance as at Beginning of the Year
Objectives
Information
Supervision
The Institute conducted workshops in Dambana, Batticaloa and Ampara areas to make farmers aware of this technology and encourage them to cultivate banana in their areas.
Further, there were no ledger accounts in respect to property, plant and equipment, provision for depreciation, deferred revenue for grant assets and accrued expenses.
Forest Ordinance, Chapter 451, as amended by Act No. 13 of 1966 and other amendments
From that, funding is provided by development partners and market sources on strong balance sheets.
3.15 Mahagalgamuwa Wewa
16:1:9 in terms of the provisions of Section 14 of this Chapter,in order to leave the country with the relevant officer with government sponsorship for scholarships , no-pay leave shall be granted to the spouse (who is serving in public sector)leaving the country  subject to the following condition.
Date of Recruitment
In addition, there was a need to meet with the relevant authorities to determine the location of difficult points in implementing other provisions of the Agreement and to identify areas where technical and / or financial assistance may be required.
13. Kalawana
Package A - Construction of the National System Control Centre and the installation of SCADA and Communication Systems
Namaskara
4.Donation of three wheelers
This tournament was commenced on 18.10.2013 and Championship of Sinhala medium was won by V/Perakum Vidyalaya and the runner up was Alagalla Vidyalaya, the Championship of Tamil medium was won by Vidyananda Vidyalaya and the runner up was Pudukudirippu Maha Vidyalaya.
In par with above activity 1000 month old chicks were distributed among one hundred beneficiaries on 6th January 2017.
In addition, the Ministry has been able to provide invaluable social and environmental benefits to the country by preserving and maintaining these reservoirs properly.
Total Progress of Non-Conventional Renewable Energy Projects (NCRE) as at 2014/03/10
Tools - TG
The land in Kollupitiya owned by the Company has been mortgaged and a bank loan facility has been obtained.
02. Production of tools and accessories relevant to the implementation of Official Language Policy
04. Body Building Centre
The Preliminary work required for implementing the planned transmission development work is carried out by the Transmission Design Unit of the Transmission Design and Environment Branch.
(a) Even though the money recovered as installments for the agricultural equipment supplied to the Farmers’ Committees and Farmers’ Societies under the “Japan Yen” Aid Programme should be sent to the Ministry of Agriculture for crediting to a Counterpart Fund Account, the installments amounting to Rs.259,438,586 had been retained in the Deposit Account of the Fund even up to 31 December 2012.
This National Task Force consists of representatives from all government agencies identified as responsible for providing solutions to human trafficking in the country.
Mrs. P. K. Malani
Since the validity period of a cheque should be limited to 30 days according to F.R 386, action should be taken to deliver it to the receiver before that period expires.
4. Director - Economic Research Department - Central Bank of Sri Lanka
Non-Tech/ Tech
Skills Development Project
Lassitude of owners to be involved in maintenance and management activities on a voluntary basis due to them being busy.
Raw Chilli
In addition to the above, a project with regard to the implementation of the Official Languages Policy in the Colombo Municipal Council was carried out by the Commission.
Balance payable increase/ (decrease)
The responsibilities and the role of the Audit Committee are as follows.
Introduction:
http://www.ndrsc.gov.lk
Action is now being pursued with the relevant Government agencies to initially build two 63,600 MT DWT vessels in China for transportation of thermal coal being imported to the country by the Ceylon Electricity Board.
Obtaining Consultancy Services for Solid Waste Disposal Facility Construction Project in Sri Lanka with a Loan from the Economic Development Cooperation Fund of the Export-Import Bank of Korea (Export Import Bank Loan Agreement No. SRI-21)
11.Gangaihalakorale
3. Financial and Physical Performance
The Balance sheet, Profit & Loss account, changes in equity and cash flows together with accounting policies and notes (Financial Statement) of the Board as at 31st December 2011 and for the year ended, complies with the Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
Economic Census 2013/14
Foundation Stone Laying Ceremony for the New Paddy Store
(a) Overtime Fund
Format No: TOD / IMP / 3
The Director General of Combined Services shall have the right either to postpone or cancel this test.
Due to dry weather situation during last year plantation started in very few schemes.
Conferences
Special programmes belong to above categories have been conducted by Commission.
Non-recovery of arrears of revenue periodically
62. Colombo
Retirements (Completion of 60 years)
(ii) Poor supervision of road development activities
As required by Section 163 (2) of the Companies Act No. 07 of 2007, I state the following.
7.4 Promotion of Tourism
The inauguration ceremony will be held on 28th May 2016 at 9.30 am at the Ampara District Secretariat Auditorium under the patronage of Dr. Ridley Jayasinghe, the Director General of the National Institute of Social Development and Mr. M.  I. Ameer, the Additional District Secretary of Amparai.
Rates and taxes
Average annual rainfall is 3749.1 mm
Even though the main function of the Voters’ Day of the year 2013 was held in Colombo centralizing the Colombo District, at the revision of electoral registers for the year 2014 steps were taken to carry out public awareness programmes in many districts.
The intended benefits would not be received by the stakeholders.
03.	Uwa
However, the period of the Project had been extended up to 31 December 2019.
Licencence & Insurance
1.3.3 Accounts Receivable and Payable
Multilateral
Shooting (Army)
Statement of income and expenditure (2005-2010)
Grama Niladari Division: 530 Maharagama Town
Therefore, actions were taken to declare the results only when the results matched in all four ways after inspecting the results sheets prepared in three sections of the Elections Secretariat and the final result sheet sent by the District Returning officers.
Decision on contribution to Employees Provident Fund  was changed from 12% to 15% with effect from 26-05-2011 (which is the date of COPE meeting) at the Board Meeting held on 07-12-2012.
Project Component 3: Project implementation, operations and evaluation
Brought forward from 2013
Mr. D. P. Indika Lasantha
12-days non-residential Courses for public officers
Rentals paid under operating leases are recognized as an expense in the Income Statement.
(From 29.06.2010 to 27.10.2011)
Priority Highway Development and Rehabilitation Project 3 (Phase - 2)
02. As the Parliamentary Committee on Public Accounts (COPA) has also paid its attention to such unsettled loan balances of the Public Officer's Advance “B” Account, the following course of action should be undertaken w.e.f. 01.01.2018 regarding the settlement of the unsettled loan balances of the officers who retire with the entitlement for pension or those who pass away.
The construction of the new Wagolla (Kegalle) Zoo and the new Wet Zone Botanical Gardens in Seethawaka is nearing completion and will be opened to the public shortly.
Mrs. H.K. Samanthi Nilini Kumari
Language Audits
Suggestions
Length (km):
01  Number of Training Courses conducted for STF Officers 41 4,264
Improving domestic accessibility to the sewerage service
(Revisions made are marked as *.)
A very small amount is charged as Gazette and notice fees, and as such the service afforded to the general public suffering under indebtedness is immense.
Carpenters 04
Second Departmental Examination for Promotion of Officers of Sri Lanka Technical Service from Class II "B" to Class II "A" (for Litho Technological Officer)
Ministry of Productivity Promotion 01
(a) Current assets to current liabilities ratio and quick ratio had decreased in the year under review mainly due to increase in trade payables and other payables.
To overcome rancidity, a method of actively using rice bran has been developed in laboratory and after that the study on storing them for a long time is in progress.
Acquisition of lands
Technical Assistance
02. If there are officers who have already been recruited to Grade III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service from 01.07.2007 to 02.01.2012 and have been confirmed in the appointment after extending the period of probation under Section III of the Procedural Rules of the Public Service Commission due to their failure to acquire the proficiency in other official language prescribed in the letter of appointment, it is hereby informed to submit requests to revise the extension of probation period to this Ministry enabling to refer them to the Public Service Commission.
Salary with the increment as at ……… 2017 (Subjecting to the earning of the salary increment)
Surplus/ Deficit for the Year
Provided asbestos sheets for the roof of Kotawehera Mankada Rajamaha Viharaya.
Mr.R.P.Ratnayake
Motor Vehicles – Jaffna
Buildings for Public Entertainment
Food Miscellaneous
(H) Galle
Description of Work: 22.36
02. Dam Safety and Water Resources Planning Project
The above meetings discussed the following issues.
Total Net Allocation
10.45m
Dr. D. M. R. B. Dissanayake
ACA-2 (iii) - Explain the variance between the initial cost estimate and the revised cost estimate
Assistant Secretary (Police Coordination)
A.Ahamed Mohamed Jameel
Radiation Facility
Form No 02
Provisions of this circular will be applicable for:
Full details of the Staff of the Department are given in Annexure 01.
Board of Control should take action to impose and recover the surcharges recoverable if payments of refunds are delayed.
Administration Division
Ledger Account 12
Heed all warnings.
Krishnan Veerawaguthevar
To the government
Only one polling booth can be established for one polling district unless the polling stations are created for males and females separately.
Highest Rainfall
Failure to conduct annual inventory survey and asset verification
District Secretariats,
16 Staff of the Commission
Gratuity Paid
In addition, the guidance of the Ministry of Traditional Industries and Small Enterprise Development and the support of various sister institutions affiliated to it, as well as the Provincial Councils and various Government and Non-Governmental Organizations in the field of handicrafts, helped to fulfill the functions of the Institution.
The highest percentage of total disbursements in 2014, which was US $ 308.92 million has been utilized for projects funded by the Chinese government.
Pay As You Earn (PAYE)
Training Programme on Financial Regulations
(a) The Project had maintained proper accounting records for the year ended 31 December 2015 and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Project as at 31 December 2015 in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards,
Economic Centers
SAFTA aims at further enhancing the programme of regional economic integration through promotion of preferential trade, which commenced with the establishment	of South Asian Preferential Trading Arrangement (SAPTA) in 1995.
With the increase of the price of the raw tea leaf, the increase of the number of smallholders is a special feature seen at present.
Work on the contract is expected to be completed by October 2015.
Renovation of buildings
Accordingly, 64 parties were registered as recognized political parties for the year 2015.
Granting community  housing loans
On or before 05th of February, 2016
In the year 2014, Capital Market Division arranged local bank financing amounting to almost Rs.33.4 billion for 22 Priority Road Development Projects.
Loans and receivables  are included in  current  assets,  except  for maturities greater than 12 months after the end of the reporting period, which are classified as non- current assets.
Total Carrying amount of Property, Plant & Equipment
Maintaining an island wide network of outlets to promote the consumption of fresh cow's milk among the people
(a) assessment of eligibility of a product for tariff concessions
Grama Niladhari Division
(v) Section 2(4)(i)(g) Action had not been taken for over a number of years to promote film production through providing loans to the film Directors to obtain specific equipment on lease, from a source that could be obtained for film scripts approved by the evaluation committee of the film scripts or for the function of producing such films for the production of higher standard artistic films.
(C) Matale
Preparation of a Network Case Reporting System for the Attorney General's Department in collaboration with the University of Colombo
Performance as per the Action Plan
3.1 Management activities
Course Fees 1
It should be noted that more than 50 percent of the profit of STC is derived from the interest income.
1.4 Basis for Qualified Opinion
Running expenses (75%)
3. Statistical data required for the preparation of Financial Statements
Painted Storks
Kilometers
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with the Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards and for such internal control as the management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error.
2364 National Identity Cards have been issued in 2014
Sending letters and assisting in securing building material at concessionary prices for building houses for Ranaviru families.
Navarathri Festival celebrated at Gurukulam, Jaffna
Iniya Vasamtham Program, Batticaloa
Sihina  Hathak,
The resource contribution and support sponsorship of the workshop is provided by Telenis.
Sri Lanka Accountants’ Service
Sales Income BMICH
Even though the Stamp Duty Receivable as at 31 December 2018 had been disclosed as Rs. 9,156,000 in the accounts, action had not been taken to account for the stamp duty receivable from 01 July  2018 to 31 December 2018.
Spending Agencies should calculate the salaries and wages based on the actual cadre as of 30h of June 2016.
Ferrous Sulphate Hydrate
Financial Performance Rs.
Wattegama Vocational Training Institute
Electricity Bill Rs.
(b) Even though the sales had been increased by 60% during the year under review, a gross loss of Rs.604,462 had been recorded due to the increase of cost of sales as compared with the preceding year.
TEC: Rs. 550 million
To prepare and publish Topographical maps, Thematic Maps and Special purposes maps for national requirements
(D) Divulapitiya
Districts in which disciplinary inquiries can be conducted
In view of the busy schedule and the holding of elections, the certification of the annual electoral register is decided to be carried out on the 31st October or the 31st December of the respective year.
As many surveys were carried out as a matter of great urgency, and also due to the new incentive scheme introduced for surveys, the progress performance level for the year reached 163%, surpassing the set annual targets.
During the year under review, 58,352 metric tons of cement or 1,167,040 bags of cement were imported.
Fax - 0112884612
Developing an essential infrastructure facilities of Preschools, Children’s parks, Elders homes, Day Care Centers, enhancing sanitary facilities, reconstructions of Community Halls, Bridges, Roads and School buildings, and enhancing water supplying facilities were carried out during the Week.
Arulnayagam Amirthalingam
Scholarship awarding ceremonies
Period of enforcing the provisions of the Registration of Electors (Special Provisions) Act, No. 27 of 2013 was limited to two years and provisions of the said Act were not applicable to the revision in 2015 and several interested political parties inquired from the Commissioner of Elections in this regard and in 2015 those political parties initiated action to extend the provisions of the Act for another two years.
The number of newly recruited Public Management Assistants in 2014 is 182.
05. Age: (As at 31.12.2013) years....month....dates....
03 Official members and 05 members appointed by Hon Minister will be appointed as members for this Fund.
A Section regarding any amendment to the lease rent during the 50 years had not been included in the agreement.
Location: Monaragala district
Awareness Program for Political Authority
(ii) Trade & Investment Facilitation,
Ms. Thanuja Dilhani
Number of Divisional Secretariat Divisions
Stock of Seeds – at the same place
34,837,140 / = issued
Name:
3.2.7. Dialogues with religious and community leaders towards enhancing social harmony
5. Mr. Dharmasiri Peiris - Committee Member
Mr. Neel Fernando
The matters revealed in respect of execution of activities that should be executed under Section 3 of the Pradeshiya Sabha Act such as regularizing and controlling the matters of public health, public utility services and public roads and the comfort, facilities and well-being of the people are given below.
02. Performance Report
In addition to that, the Department has quarters and circuit bungalows.
Western South 2 Province
Teledrama Series
Magazine program
9.5.3 Mr. R. Mugunthan of the Class II of Public Management Assistants’ Service, who was serving in the Vavuniya District Elections Office, who passed the Limited Examination for recruitment for a post of Class III of the Sri Lanka Administrative Service, was released on 08.11.2015 enabling him to assume duties of the particular post.
P. B. Abeykoon
Preparing the fence around the premises - Ketawala
Nattarampotha - Kandy
Total (a)
13th August - 05 Days
Telephone Nos.: 2440201, 2440211, 2440212
Sri Lanka is the first country in South Asia to obtain this loan facility.
Further, the revenue account code 20.02.20.02(interest and other) mentioned in para 08 of the said circular to which the interest to be recovered should be credited is revised as code 20.02.20.99.
Food Technology Section (FTS)
Cultural and Religious Programmes
Store Keeper
The expectation of the Ministry of Finance of Sri Lanka was to conclude this Agreement by mid-2015.
(b) Public Administration Circular No. 9/2009 of 16 April 2009 and the Sri Lanka Customs Circular No. 01/2010 of 19 February 2010
Finance Cost on Turnover
Basic understanding of the BES valuation techniques and their application and ability to cooperate into the national economy were discussed.
Basic qualifications to be an elector
(a) All fixed assets are recorded and frequently referred to by auditors themselves.
Accordingly, an awareness creation programme was held for the heads of Private Financial Institutions on 23.12.2014 at the “Bank Vidu Piyasa” auditorium of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka.
Basketball Court
Colombo - Katunayake Expressway Project/ CKE
18.13:64 Minutes
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards and to determine the internal control required to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error.
Number of pay weeks for each year of service
Kadukkamunai Scheme
Whether the expenditure had been correctly identified according to the classification adopted for the implementation of the Project,
Udira Pookkal -
Number of Urban Councils: 01
(K) Dompe
Partition of Thematic Mapping Branch
Total Area (sq km)
Accordingly, it is a great pleasure to be able to carry out a broader national service in the year 2012 compared to previous years, through the implementation of policy decisions taken.
Official Bank account number provided for each new Ministry and the approved Imprest Accounts maintained in the Treasury Ledger are shown in Annexure 03.
Additionally, it examines both the model quality control practices and the tax classification referred to by the Sri Lanka Customs.
6.1.2 The performance of each sector from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015 can be summarized as follows.
After the year end, only the transfers under F.R.69 for rectification of accounting error will be considered and submission of such transfers to the Department of National Budget before the stipulated date should be ensured.
Photo Copy Machines
Cumulative profit/loss
Payment of Social Security Sipdora scholarships
Project and Expenditure Description by Divisional Secretariats (Planning Division)
There was 01 vacancy in a tertiary post, 08 vacancies in a secondary post and 07 vacancies in a primary post as at 31 December  and 08 employees had been  recruited on casual / contract basis beyond the approved cadre.
Botanical Gardens Revenue
One day courses for Administration of Government Records and Archival law
Attitude Development and Personality Development (Divisional Secretariat - Niyagama)
Different sources of earning incomes from this Stadium have been proposed for which it has been scheduled to conduct permanent constructions and the other developmental activities by the Ministry of Sports.
(a) The supervision and monitoring of the activities of the Program under the 03 major components remained under the purview of 03 separate Divisional Heads of the Ceylon Electricity Board.
Social Security Contributions - Central Government
Physical and Financial Progress of Development Projects Related to Sugathadasa Outdoor Stadium
Part II: 220 kV from Habarana to Veyangoda
Department of Examinations
The section was also engaged in checking of designs, preparation of drawings, and doing calculations for the replacement of Line Protection relays found to be defective in the grid substations at Pannipitiya, Kolonnawa, Kelaniya, Seethawaka, Kosgama, and Habarana.
The Social Welfare Fund is an integrated part of statement of financial position.
Stocks in the Financial Statements have been recorded to costs.
Numerous old plans have been preserved in this branch and extracts of them are issued at the request of the public.
Operating Profit Ratio (%)
50% of the construction work of the auditorium was completed in 2014.
Ms. Champa Dissanayake
Djibouti
The Commercial Officers carry out a wide range of activities under the “Public - Private Partnership Programme”.
Your attention is drawn to sub para II, para 02 of Public Administration Circular 01/2014 dated 21.01.2014 issued on the above subject.
Action should be taken to make use of the underutilized assets.
Cricket
Further, the Project had approved 04 variation orders valued at Rs.1,002 million for widening of bridges and culverts, and construction of retaining walls due to expansion of the width of the road and the road shoulders.
Work Manager
It was observed that the prior approval of the Director General of External Resources Department had not been obtained, as per Financial Regulation 610 on Grants received under HIV/AIDS Component.
Residential area
Number of Handicrafts Products Prepared for Exhibition
INT/2/013
Name / Designation
Furthermore, all activities have been done in accordance with the observations shown by the Committee on Public Enterprises (COPE) on 29th April 2011.
International Atomic Energy Agency/ Regional Training on Regional Cooperation Agreement on Radiation Dosage Applications in Nuclear Reactors
Mr. Ananda Thilakasiri
Chief Research Officer
Its role in policy formulation
2.1.1. The Soulbury Commission, which came to Sri Lanka in 1944 to propose new constitutional reforms, enacted the 1946 Ceylon (Parliamentary Elections) State Council Ordinance on September 26, 1946, constituting laws relating to the registration of electors and the holding of Parliamentary Elections and introduced the Local Authorities Ordinance 1946 in relation to the holding of Local Authorities Elections.
Source: Provincial budget estimates 2016 and Budget Division, Finance Commission
Benefits for depreciation are calculated on the basis of financial cost or value based on a straight line adjusted for the previous year and calculated to remove it from the book within the calculated useful period.
When the Bill was submitted to Cabinet, it was decided to seek the observations of the Information Technology Agency of Sri Lanka.
A language seminar was held at the Thanamalwila Divisional Secretariat on 11.07.2014 too.
Telephone No:  011 – 2186101 - 4
However, the activities of the project had been continued until 31 December 2017.
Accounts need to be corrected.
iv. Provide adequate assistance to vulnerable social groups and empower them.
Department of Registrar
20 Translator (Translator’s) Service
Statement of Claims under Reimbursable Foreign Aid
2. Depreciation has been calculated on the straight-line method as follows.
Educational Programs Division
The contribution to the overall National Economic Development of the country has been increased due to the impact of the Matara-Colombo Highway.
Program 02
According to the Amendments Act No. 11 of 1959 the qualified age to be an elector was reduced from 21 years to 18 years.
World Children’s Day Programme set,
1.4 Number of Employees
5. May
For further details contact Provincial Director of Animal Production and Health in the respective province.
Chairman’s Review for the year 2012/1013
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
Charge for the year 2012
Documentation and consolidation of laws
Maintenance Costs - 3%
The final accounts for 2015 have been prepared and submitted to the Auditor General.
(a) Financial Regulation 103, 104
They are quoted in public newspaper advertisements.
Material and direct labour costs are included in the cost of building assets.
Office lease
Provision for Gratuity
Annexure 1.1
Saudi Arabia
International Book Exhibition,
In this regard it is imperative to intergrate sports into the society and expand and establish sports in every nook and corner.
4. Number of Days Sealed
Fixed Assets interest
Sanskrit Language Classes
Productivity Development Division
Ms. Kannangara also holds the title of Attorney-at-Law and Public Notary in the Supreme Court.
The Order came into operation with effect from 23rd August 2008.
Mr. Indunil Manohara
Accordingly, 36 samples had been collected and heat levels of 02 samples had been identified.
Details on how to display the balance in the annual accounts here:
Issuing reports after submitting all court productions or other specimens for investigations according to various ordinances such as the Food and Drugs Act, National Environment Act, Excise Ordinances, National Authority of Tobacco and Alcohol Act, Cosmetic, Devices Drug Act, Control of Pesticides Act, Fire Arms Ordinance, Poisons, Opium, and Dangerous Drugs Ordinance, The Explosives Act, Offensive weapons Act, Motor Traffic Act, Criminal Procedure Code, Civil Proceeding Code, Evidence Ordinance, are carried out by this Department.
Securities and Exchange Commission
Implementing various welfare programs for low income senior citizens
Contract Packages under Phase II have not commenced yet.
Design Consultancy Fund (DCF)
Line route: Part I - 400 kV form Sampoor to Habarana
T & D Associates
Unclaimed salaries & wages
District Secretariat, Batticaloa
Research Scientist – (AR I - I)
Increase resources utilization, productivity and employment opportunities
Inclusion of appendices of the new agreements in 2014 into the  Commonwealth Secretariat Debt Recording and Management System (CS - DRMS)
The following projects were granted by the Government of Pakistan in 2014.
(a) A plate-making machine and hundred and seventy-one items such as camera equipment and accessories, other equipment, etc., which were scheduled to be disposed had been kept in the premises of the Commercial Printing Department and Editorial Photographic Sections for more than two years without being disposed.
The government has allocated additional provisions for the welfare of the elderly under the 2012 budget proposals with the objective of providing protection and welfare to senior citizens over 70 years of age under the Mahinda Chinthana Vision.
The transactions of the Project entered during the year under review was not subjected to audit of the Internal Audit Section of the Ministry of Health, Nutrition and Indigenous Medicine, as per the Financial Regulation 133.
Eg:- Existing educational qualifications in Section 7:2:2:1 of the Service Minute of  the Sri Lanka Accountants’ Service
Senior Assistant Director (Space Technology Applications)
Departmental Labourers 08
7. Sought a decision from the evaluation committee to make payments for the establishment of public halts.
The action should be taken to achieve the budgeted balance as well as collect the arrears revenue.
(b) The written agreements entered into with the parties concerned in connection with procurements of goods and services exceeding Rs. 500,000, relating to 06 institutions for the procurement of goods and services valued at Rs. 28,813,494 had not been furnished to audit.
Scope of Audit and Basis of Opinion
Accordingly, a sum of Rs. 1,500 million has been allocated for this project in respect of the year 2015.
The purpose of this study is to conduct groundwater monitoring programs required to minimize the risk of contamination of limestone aquifers in Jaffna due to intensive agriculture and other anthropogenic activities.
Statement of the Financial Position as at 31st December 2013
Transfer (Net)
Cabinet Memorandum No. and Date
Promoting sports education in Sri Lanka by contributing to sports policy making, providing sports education and conducting research to develop skills, abilities, talents and knowledge of those involved in the field of sports.
Member countries are in the process of finalizing the National Schedules of Commitments under the SATIS.
Furniture – Jaffna
Facilities to Faculty of Agriculture and Engineering of the University of Jaffna
Apart from this, the Department of Elections took action to issue temporary identity cards to the voters who do not have National Identity Cards or any other identity document in their possession and to revalidate and issue the temporary identity cards issued for the previous elections.
Appointing a Director-General to the Institute of Sports Medicine - Dr. A.A.A.A. Shiwanka Wijegunawardene
(H) Agalawatta
Construction of Buildings
Schedule 18
More than I year
Ehetuwewa
47 Mrs. O. L. D. I. Gunasekara, P. M. S. II
Road Sector Assistance Project
No. of cases Registered from 01.01.2014 to 31.12.2014
Holding of island wide elections as one day was the reason for the reduction of the cost.
Samsung Everland Zoo, Korea
Road Identification Number: A 020
10. Other Special Tasks
Erukkalampiddy Rural Development Society
12.4 The Public Trustee intervenes on the other matters beside the above
Revenue collected during the year
5. Kolonna
Under this, an emergency call service right throughout the 24 hours to receive complaints instantly via Telephone No.118 has been put into operation by the Ministry.
Our Mission:
Also, all employees employed in the service are subject to an Elders Care Ethics System.
4. Performance 2014
5.Ukuwela
Non-current assets were understated in financial account due to when preparing the Financial Statements, opening balance of non-current assets were carried forwarded erroneously.
Budget Assistant
The laboratory is yet to be equipped with current transformer testing facilities.
Government audit division has sent 24 audit queries regarding the activities of the Department and the Department completed replying them during the year 2014.
Table XVII
Blue & Yellow Macho - 08
Visitors Category
Heads of Public Corporations and Statutory Boards
Mr. Polgampala Ralalage Chaminda Anuruddha Polgampala - Independent
Commemoration of Child Rights Day
Directing the public petitions pertaining to the subject of wildlife, received by the Presidential Secretariat to the responsible institutes for taking necessary action
04 DO/MA
Net Increase in Cash
K.V.P.M.J. Gamage
(b) Control of Assets / Properties
No. of Holdings
Among the tools that have been employed for prudent public expenditure management by the Treasury, the Supplementary Support Services and Contingent Liabilities (Treasury Miscellaneous Vote- TMV) was one of the main instruments to prevent supplementary budget to manage various unforeseen urgent requirements during the year.
Capital Expenditure (Rs. Mn.)
Watareka
University of Ruhuna
The selected new designs out of the total design concepts developed were converted into prototype samples through the workshop located in Nattarampotha Project Office and Moratuwa Workshop and the other designs that cannot be produced in National Design Centre workshop were converted into prototype samples with the help of external craftsmen.
Ran Sirimal,
2.5 Stocks
Main Canal: 7.6 km
Computer training workshop – Moratuwa University
Numeric Table - 05
Member/ Working Director
(a) It was observed that the water transmission cost amounting to Rs. 24.06 million spent by the Project as at 31 December 2015 was not related to achieve the objectives of the Project.
4th Quarter
Stockholm
Change -Rs'mn
There are a lot of unique reasons for the emergence of the Ranaviru Sewa Authority when one looks into its functions.
The production and supervision of religious programs was assigned to General Programmes Division from June 2012.
torch,
The expenditure incurred from 2009 to 2012 on the NTV Channel which commenced transmissions in 2009 without a feasibility study amounted to Rs. 18,186,000, while no income had been generated.
Regional Meeting on Management of Nuclear Power Plant Projects
Incorrent records of the cost of stores materials
Action will be taken to recover the arrears in future.
A Representative of the Ministry of the Minister in charge of the subject of Finance
Programs 02 - Development Program
Providing necessary instructions in the preparation of development proposals of the department affiliated to the Ministry and submitting those proposals for the approval of the Ministry of Finance.
Junior Management
(b) In laying block stones on the Nakkawatta Angurukanda Agara Mawatha, the curbs of both sides had not been constructed with due height and as such a sum of Rs.39,945 had been over paid to the contractor.
The Telecommunication Regulatory Commission contributed for the development of infrastructure of computer centers this year.
Robot Laboratory Project (Communications Division)
Action will be taken to regularize it.
Even though a sum of Rs. 768,300 had been estimated as licence fees in the year under review, the actual revenue amounted to Rs. 566,995.
Contribute to the human resource development in the public sector by effective utilization of foreign training opportunities
In order to build up the capacity of the officers in the Institute, number of training programmes are conducted by the National Institute of Language Education and Training.
As an initial step, this programme covering Ranaviru children who have shown remarkable results, is carried out in collaboration with the National Savings Bank, a leading state bank in the saving sector.
1.4 Staff Trainings and Development
Table Number
Possession of utensils used for producing illicit liquor / spirits / toddy
Balance Sheet as at 31st December 2012
R.A. Kapila Senevirathne
Training program on pensions
A sum of Rs. 222,000 had been paid during the year under review outside the agreement at the rate of Rs. 18,500 per month to an officer having the post of Special Senior Security Guard.
He then functioned as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Kalutara District from 01.01.1995 to 14.02.1996, Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Galle District from 15.02.1996 to 31.01.2000 and once again at the Colombo District Elections Office from 01.02.2000 to 31.10.2006 and on 01.11.2006 he was appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of Elections (Admin) at the Elections Secretariat.
"Shramadana" Programmes
Income Statement for the year ended 31st December 2011
Action will be taken to grant this permission for non-commercial activities in a manner that is not unfair.
Information on the estimated revenue, billed revenue, collected revenue, and outstanding revenue relating to the year under review and the preceding year, is as follows.
Reconstruction of the Christian Church
3.4 Unusual Increases in Expenses
All districts
Assets and Basis of their Valuation
Counseling and overall supervision
In this addendum, it is expected to give further guidance in mainstreaming the three new policy strategies accepted by the government.
Measures have been taken to give priority to local nursery farm owners in this project.
National Crafts Council
Granting consultancy allowance to one (01) Music teacher
In the case of such reported petty complaints, the Police Department has been able to maintain a percentage of resolved complaints of 99.5%, 99.7% and 99.6% as against the years 2012, 2013 and 2014 respectively.
Matara District
Translation fees
18. Construction of Office and Canteen at Badulla Court Complex
Systems Analyst (AR 1 - II)
3.18. Consolidated Fund
Availability Factor (%)
Table 3.1.1
According to the information obtained, several significant ratios and percentages relating to the operation of the Board for the year under review and the preceding year are given below.
Particulars of the officers who are confirmed
The telecast hours of advertisements were 348.2h.
The Institute has been able to make itself a self sustainable unit largely due to the income generated through the sales of Tissue Cultured Banana Plants.
To acquire aerial photographs for mapping and development plans
Ihala Ambatenna
(a) Showed the deducted stocks amounting to Rs. 648,000 which has to be recovered further with regard to a fraud of Gold and Silver committed  by a senior manager engaged in the service of the Institute, from the closing stocks for the year under review and to show it as a provision.
According to this Action Plan, the initial programmes will take place in 2015.
Charitable Activities
This reserve account is the corresponding account of property, plant and equipment.
Statistician
Ceylon Fertilizer Company Ltd
Stage III
Provincial Department of Social Services – North Central Province
iii. Rule 218 204,072,234
Mr. J.M.U.P.Jayamaha
04. Elimination of bribery and corruption
Conducting official inquiries every year
(3) Legal Risk Management
As such, the following programmes were conducted.
In 2014, the number of visitors to this botanical garden was 596,896.
The details on the government grants received for the development activities of the Provincial Council and their utilizations are as follows.
Action not taken for vesting of ownership of properties
Thanamalwila
Download the Application.
Ammonium Sulphate showed a higher efficiency compared to that of Urea.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF LANKA LOGISTICS & TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
7. Taxation
Nithya Valipadduth Thoththiram - 500 Copies
13. Colombo Zonal School Sports Festival 2015
1. Payment of balance installments for the construction of community hall building at Nugedolawatta Ranaviru village.
General Administration & Establishment Services, Divisional Secretariat
Preparatory actions were taken to accede to the second commitment period of the Kyoto Protocol.
Geodetic Survey Information Management System (Geo - SIMS) for the Geodetic Branch has been prepared.
Coordinating Secretary to the Leader of House
Gazetted the Appropriation Bill for 2015 in the Gazette, dated 19. 09. 2014.
At an election, facilities are provided for the electors to cast their votes at each polling stations and
a) Defined contribution plans (EPF, ETF) Employees Provident Fund, Employees' Trust Fund
Salary mentioned under 4 (b) of the Salary Conversion Letter applicable as at 01.01.2016
79 dams have been completed and one dam is taken to the phase 11 remedial works.
(a) Sundry Debtors
Head of Division - Administration
Rehabilitation of capital assets
Progress of the Development Activities of Planning Division
However, it was indicated in the progress reports of the Project that the service connections for 3,630 households had been provided as at 31 December 2015.
During the post-independence period, state sector-led industrial development continued with emphasis on import substitution industrialization.
Colombo West
Net Profit Ratio (%)
Extent of work
This answers the audit queries raised by the Auditor General and the auditing office at the food department (with copies) to the ministry and the parties concerned directly.
Pathmanabha Eelam Revolutionary Liberation Front
54. Minuwangoda
Public Management Assistants
Accordingly, the Language Division provided necessary provisions for the implementation of constructive development programmes relevant to the implementation of the Official Language Policy.
Ibra Lebbe Mohamed Mahir
Democratic Unity Alliance
18 Sri Lanka Coconut Producers’ Co-operative Societies Federation Ltd
Financial Regulations 66/69 Transfers Rs.
(ii) Sanitary Equipment 04
An additional expense was incurred as some officers arrived there unexpectedly.
According to the Accounting Principles, an accounting policy had not been prepared to identify the lands received as donations in the financial statements.
Deficit
Obtaining the approval to write off the remaining balance of debtors and the writing off of working losses on the basis of provisions received in stages are scheduled to be made in the future.
Monday, 07 August, 2017
The subject officer has been educated to maintain the ledger systematically.
4 Northern 16,174,230
New Delhi
Methodologies too had not been identified to secure correct data and manage physical resources.
1.Hambantota
(As per the Treasury Form BTBL 66)
Other Goods and Services
In addition, a Floodlight system has been installed for facilitating the conduct of matches in the night.
Address
3. Ranaviru common welfare activities.
2.1.1 Basis of Preparation
Trade Debtors
Revenue from the sale of cut flowers
Secretary to the Ministry of Finance and Secretary to the Treasury
Extent of lands under intercropping in year 2013
Ms. Achini Nisansala
Procurement management and distribution, and storage systems were improved to minimize liquidity constraints.
He graduated in Veterinary Medicine from the University of Peradeniya in 1990.
Through the humanitarian operation that got underway in parallel to peace initiative towards the consolidation  of law and order, peace was ushered in by salvaging the entire country including the North and the East from terrorism.
The main functions of the Media Unit are broadcasting sports programs through electronic and printed media, using correct media to develop sport, conducting quiz programs, conducting media conferences with the correct use of the sports, appreciation of sports media persons and gathering data & information about sports.
Total Revenue Receipts (A)
13/5 - 17/5/2013 Training on RCCB Testing
Project Director (Trincomalee Coal Power Project)
07. Provincial Councils Elections Act, No. 2 of 1988
Colombo – Katunayake Expressway Project:
Accordingly, funds have been provided for 22 Divisional Secretariats.
Mrs. Rohini Perera
Numeric Table - 16
(G) Bingiriya
This competition was held in the Sinhala and Tamil mediums over 03 rounds.
Lanka Phosphate Ltd
Improvement of Nomlin Park in Kandy
The approved allocation for training and capacity building for the year 2014 was one million rupees (Rs. 1,000,000.00) and by 31.12.2014, measures had been taken to involve the officers of the Ministry in various training programs and workshops spending an amount of Rs. 920,358.20 out of that.
North Central
Building and construction services
Circuit Bungalow Keeper
A request has been made to the Valuation Department to revalue the 221-acre forest land in Palavi, Puttalam and it will be credited to the relevant accounts as soon as it is completed.
Mr. C. J. P. Siriwardena and Dr. B. M. S. Batagoda served as members of the Board of Directors of Ceylon Electricity Board and resigned on 22.02.2013 and 09.05.2013 respectively.
Submit reports before the deadlines
Municipal Councils
400 Metre-Hurdle - male
This adjustment allowance should not be construed as a part of the salary for all other functions except those mentioned in 15.1 below.
Any industry producing currency, coins, and security documents.
Mukkuthoduwawa
4.2.4.3 Trouble-shooting and Repair Service for PCs / Laptops / Printers and UPSes of Non-Technical Divisions
Medicines, Donations
Accordingly, the Department of National Budget has continued purchasing vehicles for government agencies by calling competitive bidding from the state leasing companies of Banks.
An audit check relating to 06 officers of the Export Division for the three months from January to March 2012 revealed that each officer had been on overtime duty in the ranges of 600 hours to 663 hours in each of the three months.
Nineteen sub projects are being put to operation under a provision of money amounting to Rs. 310.3 million set aside for the year 2014.
Partition of record room of District Office, Badulla
As per the budget estimates approved by Parliament for year 2014, provisions were allocated among 208 expenditure heads.
2.0 PRESENT POSITION
Own Capital (Rs):
Summoning of General Meetings / Committee Meetings and the determination of validity
Personal Filing (Divisional Secretariat - Thawalama, Niyagama)
Decade at a Glance
Community Mediation, School Mediation and other awareness programmes are also being conducted by Programme Assistants.
Political
Grama Niladhari Division
Small Flags
Miss. U. Anusha Ruwani
(Rs. 10,188,334.08 has been remitted to the General Treasury during the period from January to December 31, 2015)
Submission of the summary of accounts including all transactions related to December 2017.
Community Hall after constructions
As the surplus for the preceding year amounted to Rs. 171,182,085 with comparative to the corresponding, it indicated a deterioration of Rs. 25,594,378 in the financial results.
Labourer / Office Assistant
Annexure 3.7
(p) The difference of Rupees 22,908 of the money transferring account had been stated under the current assets.
Programmes
XI. To formulate programs for the codification of the law in Sinhala, Tamil and English
Staff status
(9) Total of Reimbursements received during the year 2015, in respect of years 2015
Determining the salary step that should be made applicable when an officer is promoted on the same date of salary increment and is reverted on his preference to the previous post
The following are important points to remember when driving in flood conditions:
Mr. G. K. Dayananda
I recommend / do not recommend the application and I submit to the Vice Chancellor for approval to pay Rs......................
Department of Administration and Survey 2014
Hungary
30 Registrar General Department Employees’ Co-operative Thrift & Credit Society Ltd. 02
System Control Operations
Laws to be enforced
A logo for the Counselling Division of the Ministry of Social Empowerment, Welfare and Kandyan Heritage was unveiled at the National Counselling Day celebrations held on 13th October 2016.
Physical Training Instructors of the Sri Lanka Navy
But the trial balance has been correctly prepared.
3.3 Expenses of Contentious Manner
Okewela
(d) Lease rent income of the year under review and the receivable lease rent of Rs. 66,000 had been understated in the financial statements.
Submission of answers to questions raised in parliament
From February 2011 to December 2013
NOTE :
Farm Practice Course
Four model villages were developed in Hanguranketha, Akuressa, Doluwa and Dompe
569 C. Neriyagama
Report of the Audit and Management Committee of the year 2011
The cost of one unit generated from this power plant was around Rs. 8.12.
Deferred tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit nor loss.
Spare parts – ENG 1
There observed a difference of Rs.66,508,360‍ between the financial statements and the relevant schedules relating to 04 items of accounts by the end of the year under review.
Official Quarters - Ratnapura
No.8 and 1l 0f Ac 40 r.02 p.28 1871 of Kadagatha wewa
5. Social Empowerment
Clean Energy and Access Promotion Project
vii. In case where an officer obtaining transport allowance obtains leave with full pay or no pay for a period of over 30 days, he or She shall not be paid transport allowance or Fuel Allowance for the relevant period.
Allocation for mortgage loans
Building a positive international image of Sri Lanka in Sports
As this program is a great charity for destitute elders, it is intended to serve a large number of elders by further expanding it.
June - Asian Development Bank Chairman, Mr. Takehiko Nakawao's first visit to Sri Lanka
Repairing and painting of the Outdoor Stadium
During the year 2013, 31 adult day centers were provided with a sum of Rs. 0.775 million.
Government Medical Officers and Dentists
Brandix Company
2. Renovation of Colombo Chief Magistrate’s Official Residence and the Chief Magistrate’s Court
In the end, however, several members proposed that the negotiations should proceed from the confirmed and  agreed upon conditions.
Lalitha Rampola Wanigasekara
Rights of Women & Children
Note 2013 2012
Taxes paid to the Treasury
Financial Statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position of the company comprise of the below statements.
The communication infrastructure of the Call Centre is to be upgraded in 2014.
Cost Recovery
Leadership Development
Land development activities have been carried out to beautify the premises.
Direct Benefits
National Celebration of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities - 2016
South Asian Free Trade Agreement
Expenditure
It assigns full responsibility for the implementation of the Official Languages ​​Policy to the Chief Official Language Implementation Officer and the Official Language Implementation Officer of each Government Institution.
Preservation, Promotion and Propagation of Hindu Religion, Hindu Education, Hindu Culture and Arts and Renovation of Hindu Temples
The relevant report has been submitted to Parliament
27. Media institutions shall be accountable with regard to publishing/ broadcasting/ televising incorrect statements/ news and they will be subject to legal implications that would arise in this regard.
The Task Force also supervises the relevant member institutions in conducting awareness programs on human trafficking for the general public and state officials.
Loan balance due as at 31.12.2014
ii. Following optional exemptions are not applicable to the Company:
4.4 Transfer of provisions under Financial Regulations 66 should be limited only to essential situations and such transfers are not allowed if the justifications are not properly stated in respect of each request.
ii. Making of equation to calculate the error allowed in area computation
Floriculture research & Development Unit, Peradeniya
Balance as at 31/12/2015
Floriculture Marketing & Promotion
7. Repairs of District Judge's Quarters at Matara
The unit was able to generate additional income as indicated below by organizing and telecasting promotional programs for clients and also from various sponsorships.
Profit per unit / (loss)
Computerization  and Payment of civil pensions
Dankotuwa Industrial Estate
Field programs were undertaken to Batticaloa where preliminary meetings were held with the High Court Judge, Magistrate, Prosecutor, and the Police in order to establish the case flow-management committee.
Action had not been taken to identify newly developed areas of the authoritative area of the Sabha and to gazette and recover rates properly.
Agriculture
33 foreign members participated to this event from 11 member countries out of the 17 member countries.
Dealing with property and other matters by the Court under the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure
20MVAr at Bolawatta Grid Substation
It was also agreed at the first South Asian Free Trade Agreement Ministerial Council Meeting that Least Developed Countries should also maintain concessions under South Asian Preferential Trade Agreement for Non-Least Developed Countries until the completion of Trade Liberalization Program irrespective of whether the products are in the sensitive lists or not.
07 Dharmachariyar Residential Seminars have been conducted.
Further, if the creditors fail to appear before the Board at the final hearing in response to the notice issued, a certificate is issued to the debtor after a one-sided hearing is held.
Responding to the messages received through software
Sri Lanka accessed the international debit capital market through the issuance of an International Sovereign Bond in 2007, where the country was able to raise USD 500 million at 8.7 percent with a tenure of 5 years.
Nagamu Purawara (Raising Cities)
A sum of Rs. 2.38 million given by the Provincial Ministry of Education had not been utilized for the intended purposes of Rambaikulam Girls School Vavuniya.
Wilpattu
Stage design
The Sugathadasa Indoor Stadium
Local Trainings
Island wide religious places development program
If so, its account number:
Further promote core principles of sustainable development and good governance
Organic Farming
Mr. S. A. Welikala
National Committees on Climate Change
USD 0.2 million
Programme
Customs cooperation
Water Tank  52 %
The Institute works with these two organisations to secure and maintain their respective accreditations for ITI laboratories.
This will increase the efficiency of the Police Department and streamline the administrative structure of the Headquarters.
Buttala, Sevanagala
(i) The salary of Rs. 25,640 entitled to the officers recruited to the post of Assistant General Manager, Sales and Distribution and three Agent Managers had been increased with effect from July 2011 to Rs. 45,000 by a decision of the Board of Directors dated 03 January 2011 without obtaining the approval of the Treasury.
I. Technical Training Programs
Wevaldeniya
Note-(vii) - Statement of Missing Vouchers
The main purpose of the Legal Aid Centres of the Legal Aid Commission is to provide legal assistance in litigation.
Heroin
Electro Technology Laboratory (ETL)
The Language Proficiency Level that should be achieved by the public officers and the incidental facts are stated in the Public Administration Circular No. 01/2014 dated 21.01.2014.
Earnings per share (Rs.)
Black Buck
Amended Estimate 2014 (Rs. Cents)
Capital Reserve
Revenue Collection
Democratic Left Front
The Place workshop conducted/Staff participated
Accordingly, four issues had been planned in 2014 and two of them have been completed.
2. A Door Step Visit Service that enables consumers to obtain new service connections without making visits to the Area Office was commenced in the Dehiwala Area.
Mr. S.H.Upul
Government Sector (Inter Departmental)
Capital Payment for Leased Vehicles
The Wildlife Trust spends about 50% of its annual income for maintaining various conservation services.
To the capital providers
The above factor resulted in the drop in birth rate and an improvement in the life expectancy, increasing the percentage of the elder population in the country.
Acquisition of Fixed Assets
In the future it is planned to be implemented in Nuwara-eliya, Badulla and Rathnapura districts.
The audit of financial statements of the Greater Colombo Water Rehabilitation Project for the year ended 31 December 2018 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 4.03(a) of Article IV of the Subsidiary Loan Agreement No: SL-P 90 dated 03 September 2008 entered between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the National Water Supply and Drainage Board.
February 2014
Signature of the Chief Financial Officer / Chief Accountant / Director (Finance):
The Registration of Persons Act No. 32 of 1968 with necessary amendments and regulations in connection with the issuance of the electronic national identity card and the preparation of the national nomenclature of persons has been referred to the Department of Legal Draftsman accompanied by roughly prepared relevant regulations following the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers prior to getting it passed by the Parliament.
National Livestock Development Board
August 08
District Secretariat - Batticaloa
Principal Electronic Engineer
Climate change post - risk recovery and in Sri Lanka
It was observed that the respective building had been allowed to be used by the staff of the Colombo Municipal Council since 2015.
Soil science
Multi-Purpose Centers
Small and Micro Industries Leader and Entrepreneur Promotion Project III
This Ordinance is being amended to prevent fraud.
Financial Progress as at 31.12.2014
Net assets at the end of the year were Rs
Colombo, Kalutara, Matara, Galle, Kurunegala, Avissawella, Ratnapura, Kandy, Kuliyapitiya, Gampaha
4. Self-help Training Programmes
Value Per Kg. (Rs. Cents)
Office of the Assistant Director
From November 2013 to-date
The guidance and the advice provided by the Hon. Minister Mr. Mano Ganesen is much appreciated.
Basic statistical information of the District
Buddhist News – Poya Day – telecasting islandwide Buddhist news
Verugal Oya – Trincomalee District
The dispute had been referred to the Amicable Settlement Committee and no settlement has come about even as at 31 December 2017.
Accordingly, a sum of Rs. 200,913,004 had been received into the Fund during the year under review and together with the balance brought forward, the total amount was Rs. 452,982,826.
A sum of Rs. 974,727 paid to the Association of Natural Rubber Producing Countries and Rs. 5,304,229.38 to the International Rubber Study Group as membership fees in the year 2013.
17. Kalutara
Construction of Ward Complex including 200 beds at District Hospital, Vavuniya
Crop clinics
Computer Software
Accordingly, you are requested to submit the relevant information as per the Annex III.
Public Management Assistant
Name of the Ministry/ Special Expenditure Item
Several special places of interest to the local and foreign tourists are also located in each and every corner of Galle District.
Ministry / Department:-
The purpose of establishing these societies is to carry out the socio-economic and cultural development of the respective villages.
2.2.3 Accounting Deficiency
Production of value added products using farm raw materials to achieve a higher profit margin
SLAcS 1
They carry out community awareness programs and implement development plans
The annual conference of the Association of Natural Rubber Producing Countries (ANRPC) was held in Sri Lanka from 08.10.2013 to 12.10.2013 with the participation of the member countries such as Sri Lanka, India, Cambodia, Thailand, Vietnam, Papua New Guinea, Indonesia, Malaysia and China.
Piliyandala Central College - Colombo
Electronic Circuits/C.C.T.V/ Training on Computer Hardware
Ja-Ela
Progress of the Social Services Activities
Each division is headed by an Additional General Manager who reports directly to the General Manager.
General Facts
Directors' responsibility for Preparation of Financial Statements
2.Akurana
If additional pages are added for a program, the sum on the last page must be added to that program.
Child Development and Women's Affairs
It was a great support to safeguard occupational safety and health of employees through these things.
Accordingly, the possibility of implementing the projects which are of less priority, through the Medium Term Budgetary Framework in the ensuing years should be looked into.
(C) Observations of the Board on (b) above
(12) Net assets / title
Mr.R. A.Sunil
Henaka Parana Arachchilage Upul Shyamal Bandara
Mr. Sundaram Mahendran - Nawa Sama Samaja Party
Swimming Pool Complex
Progress of the Development Activities
Training provided for human resource development.
CDM registration for the project has been received.
Construction and development of public buildings
Sujatha Diyaniya(October 2012– December 2012)
To create trained persons with trilingual capabilities for the efficient provision of services to the public
Improvement of the water sources in reserved areas
07. Renovation of Co-operative Filling Stations
Net Expenditure Rs
Project transferred
1. Assistance Programme
Account balance as at 31 December 2011
The financial statements are presented in Sri Lankan rupees rounded to the nearest thousand.
Expenditure Head No.
Mr. Hudson Samarasinghe
Stores Owned by the Department
Variation in the weight of paper reels sent for cutting and the weight of paper reels received after cutting could not be verified at the audit due to the unavailability of relevant records.
Corporate Plan
However, project management committee awareness meetings, awareness workshops for selected farmers from farmer committees, field trips, selection of suitable seedlings and opening of nurseries were completed in 2014.
Maintenance Unit 11
Provincial/Rural Road Development Project (Central, Sabaragamuwa & Eastern Provinces)
Preparation of Estimates
Profit extraordinary items
In addition; sports equipment, office equipment and furniture required for the study of the courses were procured this year.
Office Documents 5. 1
The examination was conducted.
Offences concerning environment
Balraman Vedasalam
4.Review of preliminary internal financial statements including budget, review reports and evaluate cost effectiveness, performance and meeting targets
2. To create a team of Ranaviru family members with self- confidence and make them content
About 400 exhibition stalls by the Government institutions were surveyed and the 3 best exhibition stalls were selected.
Date of granting the appointment
STATISTICAL TABLES
Sent for cutting during the period from 20 December 2013 to 25 February 2014 and received after cutting.
The following measures of internal capacity enhancement and improvement were carried out during the year.
RAS/5/057
PACT
Transfer fees
Subject affiliated
Third Copy
7.	Nurse Officer (Grade III, II, I Male)
Besides a program to provide information to the persons who requested postal voting, particulars from the District Elections Offices and the Elections Secretariat through telephones, fax and e-mail messages and a program to provide them with necessary particulars from the Government Information Center through 1919, was also carried out.
Awareness of National Nutrition Day
The Meerigama multi-cultural New-year festival was held at Meerigama with the participation of all the Sinhala- Tamil Language Associations.
(b) Long Term Investments
As the Chemmany Saltern which functioned under Mantai Salt Company is wound up due to the low productivity, the Ministry has taken steps to prepare a proposal to reopen the factory aiming for the production of salt in the future.
The District Registering Officers were instructed to conduct and conclude the inquiries in this regard within the month of November.
Iceland
10.2.6. Mr. Suranga Ambagahatenne, Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Badulla participated in the Capacity Building Training Program held in India from 17.11.2015 to 26.11.2015.
Name of Contract: Rehabilitation / Improvements to B268 Road from Manipay to Kaithady (0+000 to 14+020 km)
Further, it was decided to take necessary steps to find a lasting solution to this problem.
There were considerable variances at the range from 34% to 100% between the estimated and actual income and expenditure thus indicating that budget had not been made use of as an effective instrument of management control.
Higher yields of 22% were obtained under the high-density planting with a higher fertilizer level compared to the present recommendation.
Research Assistant(1/11/111 class)
National Anti-Human Trafficking Task Force
The DOC issues Certificate of Origin (COOs) for Sri Lankan origin products exported under the following preferential schemes and regional, bilateral and free trade agreements.
Granting Funds for Day Centers - 2013
14. Dr. N. C. Amarasinghe
Aruna Kumara Sandasiri Nilaweera
April 27 - May 8
Proposed 132 kV Transmission Line Project from Polpitiya to New Habarana
Fumigator
Expenditure Rs. Cents
This Ministry extended its fullest support for the successful implementation of the Dengue Controlling Campaign to clear out the mosquito breeding places in Govijana Mandhira premises where the Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation is located.
Following are the details of the disability allowance given last year.
Sustainable use:
Head of Division - Planning
The Provincial list of Butterflies was declared on 28th February 2014 with the objective to conserve forest habitats and flagship butterfly species.
Value of the production of perennial crops
Eight (08) promising finger millet accessions were evaluated under advance yield trials.
Prasanna Priyankara
Training Programmes Conducted by STF
Further, action had been taken to design and develop an Electronic Information System for National STD/ AIDS Control Program under the allocation amounting to Rs. 17.55 million and it was reported that 70 percent of physical progress had been achieved as at 31 December 2017.
Edward Gunasekara Dehiwala Liyanage
4. Accountability and Good Governance
Scientific Officer, NCNDT, Atomic Energy Authority
Staff of in the RED Programme as at the 31.12.2012 is given below.
1.1. Qualified Opinion
Technical Assistant (Civil/ Electrical) (2)
Accordingly, Government of Sri Lanka entered into loan agreements with Deutsche Bank AG of London and Rabo bank B.A. of Netherlands to finance construction of 1000 bridges in rural areas to establish connectivity for transportation.
In terms of Section 24 of Presidential Elections Act, an official poll card should be sent to every voter.
(Table No. 03)
LDCs
Supplies
The following operational scenarios were also applied in the formulation and implementation of 2014 Budget.
01. Ministry
Annual Performance Report - 2015
And also, after installing this, there are 05 nos. of camera has been facilitated in Studio No. 3 for programme productions.
Ex: Maintaining the Watareka Prison School in collaboration with the Ministry of Education
US$ million
Maximum Limits of Expenditure
Total trade between two countries in the same year recorded USD 4,602.57 million with 27% increase as against that of the previous year.
Further, out of the total allocation of US$ 5.37 million equivalent to Rs. 1,000 million made to the Jaffna City Development Project for the year under review, only US$ 1.40 million equivalent to Rs. 244.26 million had been utilized as at 31st December 2018, due to the lack of a proper work plan for land acquisition and resettlement purposes.
If any clarification is required on the contents of this circular, please contact the officer in charge of your Agency at the Department of National Budget.
There was a difference of Rs. 8,286,719 between the balances and schedules of the Financial Position Statement related to three account balances payable during the year under review.
Management Assistant (Admin)
Submit
The main worksites of the project are located about 90 km north-east of Colombo, near the town of Kithulgala.
To minimize loss and waste
3.17 Cash Flow Statement
Technological Service
Intangible
Total of Male Female
Income Tax Expenses
DGM (Thermal Complex)
A detailed report in terms of Section 13(7)(a) of the Finance Act was issued to the Chairman of the Corporation on 15 August 2013.
2.1 History of the Department of Elections
Design and Introduction of Booster circuit
Additional Director General (Livestock Development)
Unreconciled Control Accounts
D. G. S. A. 10 - Statement of Missing Vouchers (for each program)
New Design Training Program -  Rusk & Reed
Nattarampotha Common Facilities - Kalapura, Nattarampotha
Note 12
Package No: CP 06
Income from other operational projects
Artiste fees
Focusing on value-added eco-friendly furniture manufacturing
In future, it will be rectified.
h. IFRIC 12 - Service Concession Arrangements, since the Company does not have such arrangement.
Provided 60 water tanks to Mahanikawewa village.
Through these celebrations enabling each other to understand the values and differences among these cultures and religions.
Balance Sheet as at 31st December 2012
The total arrears of Rupees 31.7 million as at 31 December of the preceding year had increased up to Rupees 37.9 million or  20 per cent by the end of the year under review.
This project activity, which  commenced in 2013, was implemented for two years.
The most important step that has been initiated in this regard is the reorganization of the Ranaviru Sewa Authority staff to make that structure more constructive and suit the modern requirements.
In 2015, the Provincial Centres for Central, Eastern, and Sothern provinces will be established in Kandy, Batticaloa and Matara respectively.
The highest number of recognized political parties contested in the Colombo District and that number was 21.
The courses are presented on the premises of the Department of National Archives, No 07, Philip Gunawardena Mawatha Colombo 7.
I. Additional Works
Land Use Planning activities
The respective cost should be brought to account to enable reflecting the total contribution of the Government to implement the activities of the Project.
Treaties on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters
Total number of Polling Districts
Hire of transport facilities
Total Number of Electors
Ms. Priyadarshani, who has been a Legal Officer at the Bar Association for Human Rights and Development since 2007, joined the Sri Lanka Legal Officers' Service in 2010 as a Legal Assistant to the Ministry of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources.
Providing research and development activities on modern technology and training of public and private sector staff on modern technology and promoting future studies to meet the needs of public and private sector enterprises.
Lanka Net (Pt) Ltd
Service gainers according to the age level
Conducting follow-up action regarding the directions of COPE including delays in Rate Approving Committees and outstanding dues
Annex 38
Currently both the Company and the Ministry remain committed to their plan to sell the vessel.
This Hanging Bridge was built in 1935 to cross the Malwathu Oya.
Money received for Nagamu Puravara project
Postal & Telecommunication
(v) Accounting of deposit balances incorrectly.
There are 16 resource contributors.
Mr. J. A. G. N. Jayakody
Production
Kopai
Members of the Board
According to the above Table, 188 classes have been discontinued in 2014 and few Classes approved in 2012 and 2013 are also included in these figures.
Consequently, the trend in establishing management corporations has seen a 100% growth compared to preceding years.
Administrative Fees - various
Mr. T. C. Peiris
The accounts of the relevant institution should be systematically compared with the monthly statements of the Treasury.
There are various groups of people live in our society who belongs to various ethnic categories, casts, classes, religious faiths, cultural backgrounds, languages, gender etc.
III Chapter
The aforesaid memorandum was considered with the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning and the Minister of Public Administration and Home Affairs and it was decided not to recommend to the Cabinet for approval the proposal mentioned in the memorandum as the duties of the officers mentioned in the memorandum could not be considered on par with the role of the excavation engineers working in the Geological Survey and Mines Bureau.
Permits for the nurseries established as recommended are issued by the Department.
This tournament covered schools in all five districts in the Northern Province.
Mihin Lanka Ltd.
Date of Retirement
Objectives of the Ministry
(G) Rathgama
But it was observed the discrepencies exist between the values furnished by the Council (Sabha) in respect of revenue administration and the values in the financial statements.
(11) INCOME TAX RECEIVABLE
Total net positive price variance
Department of Pensions
Annual surveys had not been carried out on lands and buildings.
1.3.5 Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
Assisting the Secretary to the Ministry in her capacity as Chief Accounting Officer to fulfill the financial obligations of the Ministry and maintain accountability to the Parliament,
Uva
35.1 Transactions with Key Management Personnel (KMPs)
Articles
The event was presided by the Secretary.
Repairing six (06) quarters - Thelambuyaya
Dr. U. Sarawanamuttu
From 01.01.2017
Kalutara District
However, the details regarding executed the activities of corporate social responsibility had not been informed to the Audit by the relevant Provincial Ministry.
A. C. A. - Enter the values under each program according to 2 (v).
Mrs. Kumudu Gunawardane
4.1 Local Trainings
Fees on local sales for apparel
As per the Sri Lanka Customs data, Sri Lanka’s total imports expenditure during the year 2014 has increased to US $ 19,246 million from US $ 17,098 million in 2013, which indicate 13% increase.
Quantity (Rs.)
In particular, it should be confirmed that the details mentioned in this account should be tallied with the details in the Specimen Forms ACA-1, ACA-1(i), ACA-1(ii), ACA-1(iii) relating to revenue statements included in the final account which was introduced in addition to the Annual Appropriation Account.
Action had not been taken for acquiring the ownership with the Sabha of 08 motor vehicles utilized by it.
125 officers employed to implement the Official Language Policy in Public Institutions located in Uwa Province had participated in this programme.
The Project has been divided into two Lots as follows.
Registration Fees
(Co-operative Promotion and Investigation Assistant)
Furniture & Office Equipment
Telephone No.: 021 - 3215340/41
Information for Industry
2.18 Current and deferred tax
3. Agrarian Development Department
Livelihood Development (Self Employment) Training Workshop
5.3 Internal Audit
The objectives of the Dam Safety and Water Resources Planning Project are establishing long-term sustainable arrangements for operation and maintenance of large dams and improving water resources planning.
Formulation, monitoring, and evaluation of policies and  programs in respect of the machinery for administration of justice
Financial Reporting and Transparency
Income from associates
Issuing Police Certificates for misplaced National Identity Cards free of charge.
05. Social and Cultural Division
Excess (arrears) for the relevant period
In 2014, 654 entrepreneurs have imparted entrepreneurship development training and 660 have imparted technical training.
73. Introduction of modern biofuel technology
Specially, with regard to circulation, we strictly follow certain strategies to enhance market share.
Minister of Culture and the Arts
Rates and Taxes
Nelu’s Constructions
The operating costs of these Plants were comparatively high.
On the invitation of different TV channels, the legal staff of LAC conducted programmes on legal matters to educate the public.
4TH FLOOR, RAKSHANA MANDIRAYA, NO.21,VAUXHALLSTREET, COLOMBO02.
Fixed Deposits (Bank of Ceylon)
Evaluation is in progress.
Accordingly, 11 government institutions belonging to the Wattala Divisional Secretariat and 11 government offices within the area of the Negombo Divisional Secretariat were investigated by the Investigation Supervisory Committee respectively on 21.08.2014 and on 19.09.2014.
Details of the value of work-in-progress had not been made available.
On 5th, 6th, 7th, and 12th, 13th, 14th of October (The rest of the judgement was held in September of the third quarter.)
Results Issued On
Kalubowila.
Several meetings have been conducted relating to the Courts refurbishment
Training Program on Salary Conversion
Grant necessary approvals for capital expenditure exceeding Rs.500,000/- in terms of the Finance Act No. 38 of 1971.
(b) The report on hydrology study of the Expressway under the above mentioned feasibility study had been completed at a cost of Rs. 11.53 million and submitted on 26 August 2016.
1. Granting approval for the recommendations contained in paragraphs (7) to (11) of the Memorandum; and
Description of Stores Owned by the Food Department
(i) According to the financial statements of the Company, amounts payable to Sri Lanka CERT (Pvt) Ltd as at 31 December 2016 was Rs. 30,078,398.
Film
The Financial Statement for the year ended 31st December 2016 comprising the Statement of Financial Position as at 31st December 2016 of Lanka Government Information Infrastructure (Private) Ltd and the statement of comprehensive income for the said year, statement of changes in equity and cash flow and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information was carried out under my direction in pursuance of the Provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
Annexure 3 - Staff Recruitment, Promotions, Transfers, Retirements
Whether the systems and controls were adequate from the point of view of internal control so as to ensure a satisfactory control over project management and the reliability of books, records, etc. relating to the operations of the Project,
Advance Payments
ARM INJURIES
Astronomical Information and Space Science Dissemination for Schools
The Chief Guest was Hon. Gamini Wijith Wijayamuni Zoysa, Minister of Irrigation and Water Resources Management.
The financial statements have been prepared,
Atomic Energy Authority  Board Member
Welfare and Development for the Disable persons
The notice about the exhibition of “A” and “B” lists under the Section 13(2) of the Registration of Electors Act was published in Gazette No. 1936/42 of 15.10.2015 and in all national newspapers on 15.10.2015.
It shows the yield potential of more than 15 t/ha of green chilli.
Output
P.O. Box 277
Depreciation - Vehicles
Staff Loan
Procurement of vehicles for all government agencies under the financial leasing method
Repairing the Agricultural Division - Amunukumbura
Monthly revenue of the respective departments was collected and it was reported to the relevant Accounting Officer through credit reports and relevant revenue was reported to the General Treasury by monthly account summaries.
Recurrent Expenditure:
Sports Development
Successfully completed 04 Shramadana campaigns with the participation of people around reservation areas, 04 progress review programs of Community Based Organizations and 11 self-employment promotion trainings.
To assist counterpart in holding a workshop on Applications of MGIF in Sri Lanka
3.16 When an officer falls under paragraph 3.1 of the Annual Transfer Procedure has requested for a transfer to another station, officers who have served the longest period of service at such station satisfying the requirements in Para 3.2 of the same may be transferred out to enable that request.
Archery
(b) the funds provided had been utilized for the purposes for which they were provided.
Year 1 (2016)
The Audit Committee should be chaired preferably by a Treasury Representative or a person possessing Financial Management Skills.
Non-compliance with reference to the Relevant Standard
Rs. 30 million has been approved to establish milk collection centers and distribute 250 dairy cows to farmers to make dairy farming more efficient in the Anuradhapura District.
(a) Service Category
Sri Lankan Catering Limited - 2016/2017.
Pandaraveli Arrippu Road
Awarding scholarships from the income gained by the Trusts established with the view of encouraging talented children with financial difficulties who are engaged in studies
Divisional Secretariat – Jaffna
Repairing mobile phones
3.14 – 2 Foreign Grants
Pelendagoda
(C) Katana
License fee should be charged.
D.M. & P.S. - Document Management and Professional Standards
Detailed data collection in selected sampling units from the total listed industry, trade and services units.
The loss of Rs.9 million caused by the intervention of Consumer Affairs Authority filing a case regarding the cement becoming solid due to the limited storage facility;  the lack of implementation of proper storage management in the year 2012 also had an impact on this.
Livelihood Development Projects
NOTE - 10 Rehabilitation & Improvements of Capital Assets
(b) Presentation of the Account
Revenue from government forests
Located in the Nuwara Eliya District in the center of the Nuwara Eliya Town.
Borella
72% of the construction of tank bund, 56% of the construction of spillway, and 77% of the construction of LB sluice has been completed up to end of December 2015.
Australia  22
Ordination of young boys and their higher ordination
The National Institute of Language Education and Training runs part-time language training courses islandwide to empower public servants in bilingualism.
1.3.2 Accounting Deficiencies
Porcelain tableware
04th July
National languages
Source: Finance Commission and General Treasury
Reasons for this is the system being improved.
Grade I Vocational Instructor/Grade II Vocational Instructor
Sri Lanka Police in liaison with People in a New Approach
The recurrent provisions obtained during the year has been increased by Rs.3,800,000 when compared with that of the previous year.
17. Monthly or daily wages obtained as at the date on which the injury occurred :-
To find out whether the systems and controls were adequate from the point of view of internal control so as to ensure a satisfactory control over Project management and the reliability of books, records, etc. relating to the operations of the Project
Mr.G.Kirubaharan
Leipzig Zoo, Germany
(B) Capital (DGSA 4)
2. Bilingual People's Activity Programme
Withholding Tax (WHT)
People's Bank - Jaffna
Preparation of duty lists for some post are already completed.
Program No. & Title:
The Course on teaching methods at the National Institute of Social Development for one Vocational Instructor and two Child Development Assistants
5.1 Corporate Plan and Action Plan
Marketing Promotion unit
Investment in Subsidiary
32 Ms. S. A. N. Nilmini, P. M. S. III
The details of them are outlined below.
Checked by: -
Enhancement medical leave
(I) Paragraph 9.2 (b)
Here, as indicated by the notes in the financial statements, the most appropriate accounting principles are used.
For that, resource allocation should be made for identified projects and programs.
According to the Boards of Survey Reports for the year under review, about 1,245 goods of 140 items of assets had not been recorded.
The Board also has a training center for imparting theoretical and practical knowledge to farmers.
(d) Management Audit Circular No.  DMA/2009/02 of 01 September 2009
Irrigable area: 2500 acres
Inauguration of the symposium was held on 3rd November 2015 and same day Technical seminar was done presenting 15 Technical papers by the experts who work in their irrigated agriculture sector and the academic institutes.
The following areas have been identified as priority requirements.
Sabaragamuwa 1,830,000 5
1.2 The Vision
Computer Printers
Written -08
No. 155,
Varieties sold
Rs. 520
Distribution expenses
(a) Financial Regulations
Vans
They are Chilaw, Kurunegala, Kuliyapitiya, Wariyapola, Wennappuwa, Puttlam, and Narammala.
Power and Energy
Although here was 91.5% tremendous growth of the viewership for the children programs, according to the results of the survey, it is very clear this growth depended on cartoons & dubbed programs.
In addition, the Governments of India, Singapore  and the Asian Development Bank have offered a significant number of training opportunities in 2014.
Description
92. Invasive alien species management program
Statistical Officer
Allocations for District Secretariat (TOD / IMP / 3)
There were 15,044,490 electors according to the electoral register of 2014.
Deposits and Advances
Licensing fees applicable to the Department of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources
Labour Rate Variance
Reviewed and ensured that operational procedures are carried out in compliance with directives and statutory requirements.
Annexure 3
Note-(vi) - Statement of Claims under Reimbursable Foreign Aid
Statement of Deductions and Recoveries from the Book under Monetary Regulations 109 during the year
3.5.1. Information Technology
All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the statement of comprehensive income during the financial period in which they are incurred.
Electoral District No. 07 - Galle
5. Empowerment of Education, Electricity and Administration
Folk and traditional medicine are believed to have curative and health-friendly properties in Sri Lankan traditional rice varieties.
Kaveetha Talent -
Trincomalee McKeyser Sports Complex
Etipola Mapa Gunathilaka
Accordingly, the idea of liberalizing trade among SAARC countries was first proposed by Sri Lanka at the Sixth SAARC Summit held in Colombo in Dec 1991.
The services belonging to each of the above category is specified in Annex 01.
Development of Abilities of the Community Organizations
Contracted amount of foreign currency
A Qualified Chartered Engineer was appointed on a part-time basis during the year.
33kV Distribution Lines
1. School age children of war heroes who have died or have become disabled due  to causes outside operations and belong to the category of low income families
7. Manmunai Pattu
(Buildings)
Inok Thushara Rankiri Pathirage
Under substage 1
Benefits for birth
Indira Gandhi Zoological Park, India
Seven years have passed since the issuance of the Access Facility Order, however, even today, newly constructed buildings are being built without the facilities required for people with disabilities and only a few of the existing buildings are constructed with the facility of accessibility to people with disabilities.
Consultant (Gem & Jewellery)
3.4 km: 15.48 km
Activities are being conducted for transferring a parcel of land to the extent of 2.5 Acres in the Scrub portion of the Piddrue Watte which has been leased to the Kelani Valley Company.
To promote reform of the Law for good governance.
Saturday, 20 August, 2017
Total Liabilities
Overhead Ratio
Therefore, you are kindly requested to make arrangement to forward the Monthly Summary of Accounts to this Department via cigassummary@sad.treasury.gov.lk email address on or before the prescribed dates.
The Ministry of Social Services and the Ministry of Health jointly design and conduct the training program and issue a formal certificate and identity card to the trainees who successfully complete the training.
Once the above components are completed, the capacity and the reliability of existing Substations mentioned above will be improved and 3 new Grid Substations will be added.
Action should be taken to recover court fines and stamp fees.
Development of temples
Entrepreneurship development training was imparted to 132 flower growers in the Kurunegala District and 34 artisans in the Puttalam District under Deyata Kirula National Development Program.
(d) The unit cost had increased gradually from the year 2016/ 17.
Recommendation of the Compensation Committee
Accrued Charges
Profit on Equity (%)
10. Telephone Number
Table 12: Provincial Capital Needs for 2016 Assessed by the Finance Commission
Mr. Virajith Bois
Discuss activities and issues at provincial level.
Vision, Mission, Objectives
Other operating income
Kankesanturai
492 D. Kadawatha
An income of Rs.9,352,773 was generated from the Sports Hotel up to 31st December 2012.
Expenditure (July to December)
Mr. M.Kathirkamanathan
Contribution according to the defined benefit plan - Gratuity
4.2 Human Resource Development
Mrs. A. D. Anulawathi
Export development
Arrangements have been made to hold the launching ceremony of the Research Reports and Academic Publications Annually Printed by the Division of Social Development Policy Research and Publishing, National Institute of Social Development on Wednesday, July 11, 2017 at 2.30 pm with the patronage of Hon. S. B. Dissanayake, Minister of Social Empowerment, Welfare and Kandyan Heritage, Deputy Minister Ranjan Ramanayake, Secretary to the Ministry Mahinda Seneviratne and the Director General of the National Institute for Social Development Dr. Ridley Jayasinghe at the auditorium of the Ministry.
NDT Testing and Examination
Buildings
(a) The United Peoples Freedom Alliance owed the company Rs. 43,447,015/= for poster printing jobs.
The loss incurred by the company due to this was Rs. 9.1 million and it was identified in the income report as an administrative expense.
(Kuruwita, Rathnapura, Balangoda, Godakawela, Opanayaka)
Chief Accountant / Director (Finance)
The expectation of commission is to establish a bilingual public service in future by developing school children’s knowledge and good attitudes with regard to the Official Languages Policy.
1. Administrative Division
Approval for the Purchase of Vehicles
The Council was aware of the 2030 Agenda on Sustainable Development Goals and the Council had operated the programmes such as providing widows and orphans allowances with the objective to get rid of poverty, implementing Women Welfare promotion programmes and community development programmes for self-employment.
All Chief Secretaries of Provincial Councils
15. Balangoda
5.16 Permission to observe the Parliamentary Election was granted to about 10 local observer organizations, two of which were the People’s Action for Free and Fair Elections (PAFFREL) and Center for Monitoring Election Violence (CMEV);  to place their observers inside the polling station and also to have mobile observation outside the polling station.
Zonal Education Office - Ambalangoda
2. Physical Performance
Activities of the Strengthening Enforcement of Law, Access to Justice and Social Integration (SELAJSI) Programme- Social Integration Project are twofold.
The aims and objectives of the library are to provide information and facilitate to professionals and personnel engaged in Research and Development projects, graduates and postgraduates.
Total Non-Current Assets
District Work of the National Child Protection Authority
3.5. Joint Working Group on Trade with Bangladesh
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these Financial Statements.
Admission Order Gazette Notification 1619/24 - 18.09.2009
Uthtalapura Sarana Elders Home, Dehiaththakandiya
The primary objective of the implementation of the visa policies is to contribute to the national development ensuring national security in Sri Lanka.
Accordingly, the additional amount of Rs. 435,000/-, which was noted down in the Net Assets has been received from the Rs. 460,000/- of the KP 1128 vehicle.
The Popular Documentary programme of the Year
CPC, the major market player in the petroleum sector, currently holds nearly 80 percent of the market share in the country.
Length (Km): 85.00
Total Accidents
Development of such divisions in an institution may result in a negative impact on the whole functioning of the institution, following a breakdown of the trend of satisfying individual members of the group.
The 'Wetland Training Handbook' used in the programmes to educate the public, officials and school children on wetland conservation throughout the island was prepared by the Central Environmental Authority officials.
02. Nutrition Payment
Analysis
Providing Treasury Monthly/ Annual Accounting Statements through the Internet
Today, Sri Lanka is one of the leading countries in terms of climate risk.
Under the proposed water supply scheme, a water treatment plant of 6000m/day and 110 km of water distribution network to cover 43 Grama Niladari Divisions will be constructed.
Officers 46
Cash Flow Statement:
Displaying Supplementary Provisions and Supplementary Estimates
Facilitating Initiatives for Social Cohesion and Transformation (FLICT) is a programme implemented in collaboration with the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration in Sri Lanka by GIZ Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH on behalf of the German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ).
Coordinate and facilitate emergency response, relief and recovery measures in the event of a disaster
Important accounting policies
Following the approval of the Road Development Program in 2013 by the Ministry of Economic Development under the relevant project, it was implemented by the Musali Pradeshiya Sabha as a continuing program in the year 2014.
(b) Inventory goods valued at Rs. 998,400 purchased from a private institution in September 2011 and installed in the showroom had been kept in different places in the Head Office and those goods remained idle up to 03 October 2013.
Herbal Technology Section (HTS)
Revenue Title
1.1 Quality Assessed Opinion
Number of indictments filed
Bank of Ceylon,
Hire of equipment facilities
Accordingly, I mention the progress the developmental activities executed by the institutes such as Ministry of Home Affairs, Ministry of Social Empowerment and Welfare, Divi Neguma Department, Ministry of Agriculture, Small Enterprise Development Division attached to the Ministry of National Policies and Economic Activities as follows.
The Minister of Finance has signed the warrant in accordance with the provisions of Article 150 (1) of the Constitution to bear the expenses as mentioned in the Appropriation Act No. 24 of 2016 applicable to the year 2017, which was approved by Parliament on 10.12.2016.
I also take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to the management and staff led by Mr. Jayantha Wickramasinghe, the Chief Executive Officer, for their dedication and commitment which enabled the company reaches its corporate objectives.
Office Employees Service  (III/II/I)
Number of Pages
Ministry of Co-operatives and Internal Trade
09. For the family unit including the member if obtaining indoor treatments from a government Ayurveda hospital or a ward
(e) Management Assistant – Technical Segment 03 (MT 01)
BANKERS
Following is the data related to statistical activities carried out by the district statistics branch in the year 2014
2.4.3. Constructions of the New Zoo in Pinnawala.
The Bill was then referred to the Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs.
Training and Feasibility Programme for the Staff of the Institute
The mountain range called “Wehigala Kanda” in Dambulla was selected as a potential site for setting up this National Astronomical Observatory.
Project Description
However, out of the total revenue, debtors amounting to Rs. 9.9 million or 62 % were to be recovered as at 31 December 2013.
In order to make immigration and emigration information and statistics available, the Consolidated Information Management Unit was set up.
6. The provisions of this Circular are not applicable to the projects that fall under Management Services Circular No 33.
As a first step, computer kits were provided to 30 Labour Tribunals with a large number of cases.
2.5 Property, Plant and Equipment
In terms of Section 8 of the Nation Building Tax Act No.09 of 2009, even though tax returns for the quarter should be provided on the 20th day of the month immediately commencing after the end of the quarter or prior to that, the Company had not taken action in compliance with the Section.
2.2.5 Investments
The main objectives of the Project are to provide safe drinking water by expanding the water supply facilities in the Greater Colombo area and reducing Non-Revenue Water including the low-income communities in the City of Colombo and thereby contribute to improve the living environment in the areas.
Total Reserve
The non availability of a fully equipped theater run by a public sector undertaking has so far been a major shortcoming for the city of Galle.
Suhani Rath - Presented with an introductory for Hindi Songs fans.
Name & Address of Bankers:
24th January-03 Days
2.6 Internal Audit
Graphics material
The estimates of public officers advance accounts should be submitted as per the format given in Annexure II.
To insure police officers against the risk of threat to their career life
Groundwater Assessment of Kirindioya Basin
1.2. Objectives
Amount recovered filling cases (Rs.)
State Super trust Fund
Number of Urban Councils
Repair of hot spots at all substations identified from thermal images
Equity Capital and Liabilities
Capital & Reserves
How to apply
In addition, both parties agreed that after the finalisation of the studies and consultations with the stakeholders, negotiations towards a potential Preferred Trade Agreement (PTA)/ Free Trade Agreement or any other institutional mechanism may be initiated.
Making arrangements through salary and record division to get updated lists of names of parents who receive 25% of the salary  and the cancellation  the Mapiya Surekum accounts of parents who receive the salary
(c) Treasury Circular No. 1A1/2002/02 of 28 November 2002
Various training courses implemented by the National Institute of Language Education and Training in the year 2015
Productivity
The balance of the suspense account shown under the Trade and Other Receipts Account of the centre amounting to Rs. 22,079 and the balance of the Suspense Account shown under the Trade and Other Payments Account amounting to Rs. 456,382 had been brought forward over a period of 05 years without taking action to identify and reconcile them.
Wanathawilluwa
Even though payments had been made to the contractors selected by that Procurement Committee, cost estimates for that had not been prepared.
Balance as at 31st December
Cash Debit
Department of Agriculture - recurrent
Fi. Re. Transfers according to 66 and 69
The deficiencies observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the Council from time to time.
21st Asian Athletic Championship-Wuhan
Rush & Reed Division
The audit of financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154 (1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
6.2.2.3 Special Survey activities carried out in the year - (Southern Province Geodetic Survey Unit)
02. Accordingly, taking into consideration the urgent need to provide uninterrupted relief to the affected people in the event of a disaster, the existing upper limits of providing emergency disaster relief/ cooked meals and dry rations are amended as follows.
17. Poya Programme
The Time period under investigation
II. Other Advances
(iii) Transmission Line Project for Strengthening Transmission Systems
Sri Lanka Animal Production and Health Service
ii. Make the middle class committed to economic development through empowerment of them.
Changes in Staff
Legal fees
Nadunana Minisun - 2011
Length of the bridge(m): 33
Allowances for Apprentices and Trainees
Taking necessary steps needed for human resources development of the Ministry
1.6. Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions etc.
The scope of the project includes the construction of 230 Nos. of distribution substations, 350 km of medium voltage lines, 1250 km of low voltage lines; 108 km of 33kV Express double circuit tower lines, and 06 Nos. of 33 kV Switching Gantries.
Review of the audited financial statements for the year
In my opinion, except for the effect of the matters described in paragraph 1.3 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Polpithigama Pradeshiya Sabha as at 31 December 2017 and its financial performance for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
Ratmalana
Statement of value added
05. The Revenue Account should be prepared in Sinhala, Tamil and English languages as a single document in A4 size paper using the specimen forms DGSA-Revenue 1 and DGSA-Revenue 2.
5.8.3 Officers who have served more than 5 years in one and the same service station will be subjected to transfer.
Training (including judges)
List of Names of Disciplinary Inquiry Officers under Sub-Section 19.5, Chapter XLVIII, Volume II of the Establishments Code
Moreover, the Corporate Plan had not been prepared by including the financial value of the targets to be achieved to enable the evaluation of annual progress.
Reference to Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
Mr. Anil Koswatta
Revenue statement for the year ending on 31st December ....
Rs.36,358 Million
Information on Shares
There are 12 areas under the Central Provincial Office.
According to the information received, the upgrading and rehabilitation works of 244 kilometers of 05 national roads had been completed by the Project and handed over to the Implementing Agency as at 31 December 2016, out of 279 kilometers of 09 national roads scheduled to be completed as per the Project Implementation Plan.
I hereby certify that the above information is true and correct.
Workshops for community leaders
Circulars 01
Hence a difference of Rs. 4,452,241 was observed.
Bulathsinhala Pradeshiya Sabha
To train local security personnel and Scientific Officers of Atomic Energy Authority (AEA) for the provision of Nuclear Security for the forthcoming CHOGAM conference in Sri Lanka, in November 2013
From the Treasury
Acting as a manager of the estate of a person of unsound mind, (When entrusted by the District Court)
10. Director General Establishment
Lecture Hall No. 01 - Facilities for 40 persons
Purchasing
District Secretary/Hambantota
The Ceylon Electricity Board and the National Thermal Power Corporation of India (NTPC) have built a 500 MW coal-fired power plant in Trincomalee.
IAEA/RCA Regional Training Course on the Use of Advanced NDE Techniques for In-Service Inspection of NPP and Other Civil Engineering Structures for Life Prediction and Extension
Location: Anuradhapura and Trincomalee districts
During the year 2010, the Corporation imported 36,260 metric tons of ordinary Portland cement from Pakistan under the brand name Kankesan.
Name of the Road / Bridge: Ralkuli Bridge
02. Financial Administration
To convert the minor offenders and those who are likely to be allured into offenses as good individuals
The art festival was organized under a joint venture between the Department of Social Services and the Department of Cultural Affairs with a fund allocation of Rupees 50,000/-, with the aim of showcasing the talents of those with special talents in the fields of drama, dance, music and art to the society.
It enabled each institution to identify the problems inherent to them, to find solutions for them, to implement them, to take necessary action and steps to formulate future plans accordingly.
2.7.2 The Officer who functioned in the post of Excess Research Officer in the Institute of Sports Medicine, functions in the post of Nutritionist.
However, the concurrence of the Ministry of Finance had not been obtained for the above-mentioned arrangement.
AFM (Corporate)
3.5 Idle / Underutilized Assets
Acting as an administrator of a person without a last will and testament when assigned by the Honorable Court
a. The Company re-estimates useful life time of some items of property, plant equipment and intangible assets in accordance with SLFRSs to reflect conditions that existed at the date of transition to SLFRSs and as at 31 March 2012.
Building up an  environment that works efficiently with the general public and the institutions concerned to eliminate the drug menace and the related issues thereto
The Bill has been submitted to the Legal Draftsman.
In order to reach the optimum levels of social development goals, a society with law abiding and virtuous citizens has to be created.
SAARC Preferential Trading Agreement (SAPTA)
5/8 - 9/8/2013 To participate at the Stakeholders Meeting on Regional Cooperative Mechanisms on Space Applications in Asia Pacific Region and the Regional Training Workshop on Applications of Space Technology for Sustainable Development and Disaster Risk Management
Miscellaneous duties -  532
Miss.Chamila Nilushi Pemmadu
The systems owned by an institution in relation to technology too are a direct factor that has an impact on its functions.
Action will be taken to sell this machine after calling for tenders.
Recoveries
Amount Allocated from the Capital Expenditure Ledger - Rs. 120 million
Implementing strategies to improve revenue
An Inventory Register for the assets including machinery, office equipment belonging to the waste management centre and a stock register in respect of production of composts and a register for sending material to Holcim Institute had not been maintained by the centre.
5.6 Budgetary Control
2.1 Financial Results
Skills Development Loans
Accordingly, approval has been granted by the Institute for 13920 participants for language training through 364 classes in 2014.
Management is responsible for operating the business in an economical and profitable manner and minimize the indebtedness of the Company.
This was initiated to overcome the outage of the main PABX of the Microwave Communication System which was beyond repairs.
1.2.5. Lack of Evidence for Audit
Key Events - 2013
Subsidy programs
(i) About 44,500 kilograms of waste is being collected by the Waste Management Centre daily, and 27,255 kilograms of fertilizer had been produced by using 436,080 kilograms of waste in the year under review.
4. Vallibel Finance PLC
03. The system is now ready for the data feeding from the year 2018 onwards.
Total uncultivated area is 6,260 hectares
12. Mr. S.A.S. Ruchira Vithana
Apart from this the training of Artificial insemination technicians is also carried out at this center.
Accordingly, required instructions and recommendations have been issued by the Commission to monitor whether all Government institutions’ letter heads are prepared in Compliance to the Official Languages Policy and to prepare those letter heads that are not complying.
Vavuniya No. 01
Mrs. K. A. D. R. T. Kahandawa Arachchi
7. Opanayaka
Date
The current financial structure includes 33 loan agreements, 5 grants, which were obtained from the ADB and the overall utilization done by these loans is worth US $ 338 million.
Amount of Provision Rs.
The Colombo Region Unit of the Transmission Operation & Maintenance branch successfully completed the following special maintenance tasks in addition to carrying out the general routine/ preventive maintenance work of 21 Grid Substations and way leaves clearing of 380 km of 220 kV and 132 kV transmission lines.
The bids for Lot A was called on 10th October 2013 and bide opened on 22nd January 2014.
II.Ranaviru Village programme
The President of the Court of Appeal
Employee safe deposit investments
364 days
Research Engineer (AR I - II Grade)
Allocation of annual budget estimates
The project is expected to reduce traffic congestion in the city of Colombo and to achieve a balanced economic prosperity in the rest of the country by expanding it to other areas of the country outside the Western Province.
For a family of four members
Total Net Allocation (1 + 2 + 3)
Management Assistant (Technical)
Dodangoda to Kurudugahahetekma:
The estimated population for 2015 is 1,091,000, of which male population is 523,169(48%) and female population is 567,831(52%).
An amount of Rs. 5375.00 has been spent on minor maintenance work including the electrical system, water supply system and toilet system of the Ministry building which needed to be done urgently.
This city is great of significance and most of the areas are swamps.
Mr. G. G. Gayan Danushka
Four topographical Map sheets on the scale of 1:50,000 are in the final stage of being updated using satellite photographs taken in 2007.
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in the Table 2.1 of my report, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Project as at 31 December 2018, financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
Non-current assets
Organizing practical training courses and language training classes
Leasing of Mill Power Project
The main objective of the unit is to get compensation for accident victims.
Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Balance as at 31.12.....
However, according to the present position of Lake House publications in the market, this may not been adopted for each and every case of new appointments.
Those who are indirectly involved in the development process
Accordingly, 01 Additional Surveyor General (Human Resources and Administration) of Sri Lanka Administrative Service, 02 Asst. Directors (Finance) of Sri Lanka Accountant Service, 01 Asst. Director (Finance) of Sri Lanka Accountant Service, 60 Public Management Assistant Officers of the Combined Services, 36 Drivers, and 16 officers of Office Employees’ Service were sent on transfers.
04. Sittings of the Board of Trustees
Contract No.: C13
It is the responsibility of the Board of Directors to prepare a fair presentation of these financial statements, in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards to determine the internal control required to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements whether due to fraud or errors.
Supporting Energy Planning and a Pre-feasibility Study for Nuclear Power and Human Resource Development in Nuclear Power (for Electrical Engineers)
It has currently produced 500 programmes by covering 18 subjects.
Heading - 243 -1 - 1 - 0 - 2502 (11)
Foreign Trainings/Seminars/ Meetings
I.T.A.K.
Rural Electrification - 8
The distributed Nandhi flag details are as follows.
I wish to sincerely thank the Heads of various departments of the District, the officers of the District and Divisional Secretariat, and the Politicians who provided the necessary information to make this Report as well as for joining hands with us for the betterment of the District.
Irrigable area: 3,200 Acs.
Cases on regaining the procession of Trincomalee Dhanyagama Houses
The allowances paid to the officers under the existing provisions, who have been reemployed on contract basis after their retirement, shall remain unchanged until an order is made.
Having educated the officers to work as above (i), it will be functioned from the current year.
Purchase of Furniture & Equipment
Assistant Director (Admin) (SLAS 11/111)
(1) Recurrent
Greeting for Haj Festival
7. Activities performed by the Religious and Cultural Division
In addition, it is encouraged to establish specific production zones or service areas which are directly linked to export markets.
The project will increase the regularity of the bus trips to the villages and help children reach school in time.
Certain significant statistics relating to the financing, budgetary provision for the year under review, and the utilization of funds during the year under review and up to 31 December 2017 are shown below.
Construction of 4,000 houses in Uva and Central Provinces
Total amount is USD 342 million.
Project service fee
Mr. B. Sujith Priyankara
Actual Expenditure 2013 (Rs. Cents)
Multipurpose Gamma Irradiation Facility, Atomic Energy Authority
The table below shows the total borrowings and equity ratios of the Company as at 31 March 2013 and 31 March 2012.
Divi Neguma Livelihood Development Program
Total of the Tertiary level
The Treasury issued guidelines to manage financial obligations which are being entered into by various spending agencies without having adequate provisions and thereby creating liabilities on the government and to ensure such obligations are included well within the budgetary provisions.
Liabilities/ Reserves
Adorning of Ranaviru flags took place in 8 provinces.
Northern Road Connectivity Project
10.1 Implementation of Systems for the Management of Public Grievances
To maintain clean and hygienic stocks of rice
Sivarathri was also celebrated in the Parliament on 25.09.2014 with the presence of Members of Parliament, Secretaries to the Ministries, Directors of the Departments and other Officers.
Army Pensions
Sri Lanka, as a member state of the United Nations is a signatory to the adaption of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, which comprises  244 indicators, 169 Targets, and 17 Goals.
Those standards require that I comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements.
Places willing to be transferred
2. Minister of Culture and the Arts
In addition, it has finalized agreements with Russia on mutual legal assistance and the exchange of prisoners.
Conservation of animal and ecosystems
However, 14.9% growth in the second quarter and 14.9% growth in the third quarter has led to an improvement of 86% in the fourth quarter.
Security covers enclosing the ballot papers were sent by post on 25.07.2015 to the accepted postal voters.
It is also imperative to maintain an optimal cadre to suit the provincial needs. There is a pre-requisite to manage recurrent expenditure in proper manner.
Secretary,
02 cases have been filed in the Court of Appeal and 01 case in the Magistrate's Court.
Disaster Management Centre
Savings/Excess
Deyata Kirula
Current Service Cost
Apprentice Map Technological Officers  143
Sunday Lankadeepa
Institute which made the error (with the head no.)
4.5. Meeting on Modalities of the Sub Committee on Trade (SCT) between Sri Lanka and Vietnam
With the allocations of the Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs, the following training courses were conducted under the theme 'Training Courses and Skills Development for the Year 2014' at the Skills Development Unit of the District Secretariat under the financial provision of Rs. 450,000.
Excess of revaluations
Administration unit
In terms of the Title Registration Act No 21 of 1998, in view of issuing titles for all government and private lands situated in Island, the cadastral maps and cadastral plans required under the Bimsaviya Program, implemented by the Ministry of Lands and Land Development, are prepared by the Department.
Should pass the written test conducted by the Department of Examinations on behalf of the Department of Official Languages and the oral test conducted by the Department of Official Languages, for the proficiency level in this category.
The other recurrent expenditure consists of traveling expenses, supplies, maintenance, contractual services, transfers to other agencies, grants, subsidies and interest payments.
Development of Rehabilitation of Prisoners Qualitatively
2011 April Under SLFRS
3.6.1 Procurement Plan
Sausiripaya Auditorium
I believe that the audit evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for audit opinion.
Women Entrepreneur Development Program
Project identification is based on the real needs of the rural community and their economic and social development.
Write – off for the year 2012
A Function with the participation of war heroes ,was held at Dodamgoda entrance prior to the opening of  Southern Express way on19.11.2011
Public Administration Circular 26/2015
(v) Director General, Department of Public Enterprises
Recurrent expenditure by the Treasury is credited to the Revenue and Expenditure Account.
Distribution Division 1 consists of 4 administrative provinces.
Journalism
Machinery & Equipment:
2013 - 17 University Grants Commission Project
26th and 27th of August 2015
2. Granting funds for the construction of community hall building at Welawaya Ranaviru village.
Divisional Secretariat, Kaduwela
K. V. P. M. J. Gamage
Although Mr. Kabeer retired on 07.09.2015 on attaining the age of 60 years, he is still serving as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections (Acting) of Puttalam District.
Rs. 2,170
Sri Lanka Boxing Association
Secretary - Pension Fund
Action is being prepared to make the institution as the knowledge center of South Asia which produces land information technologist for Sri Lanka and foreign requirement.
My No: EST-4/PEMENT/03/0225
The Straight-line Method has been adopted as the Depreciation Policy and the assets are depreciated from the year of purchasing assets or from the year of completing the construction.
The feasibility study of the project has been completed and an environmental impact study is underway.
Development of products manufactured by handicraft producers as well as the introduction of innovative designs in line with market trends, targeting the local and current as well as future export markets
At the request of the Ministry of Technology and Research, ITI continued to develop a method to identify and quantify DCD compounds in milk powder and to analyze various vareities of milk powder.
The said programme was held on 02.06.2014 at the office of the Official Languages Commission with precedence of Mr. Vasudeva Nanayakkara, the Hon. Minister of National Languages and Social Integration.
The standard object codes have been revised slightly in order to facilitate the requirements of accrual based accounting approach, especially on the creation of asset database driven by the Integrated Treasury Management Information System (ITMIS).
07 Deputy Commissioner (Training)
Even though the Loan Agreement of the Project had been entered into on 05 November 2012, the bridge construction activities had been commenced in July 2013.
Designation should be as stipulated in the letters approved by the Department of Management Services.
Artiste’s Fees
In the year 2013, the company introduced 6 new periodicals namely Aloko Udapadi, Muthu Ahura-1, Muthu Ahura-2, Muthu Ahura-3, Muthu Ahura-4 and Budu Suwanda with satisfactory results.
Establishment of Bilingual Facilitation Cells at District Secretariats and Divisional Secretariats
In 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively, Sri Lanka used the international debt capital market.
(vi) Financial Regulation 571(2) 9,288,051 Action had not been taken on 22 deposits older than 2 years.
Evil characteristics among arrogant and conceited ill nature will disappear and instead, profound as well as enthusiastic aspirations would effectively be accomplished, through the accelerated sports culture.
Rainbow Lorikeet
Toddy tapping without a license
Poonakari
Mrs. W. P. Lilawathi
2) Natural Ventilation Method.
2.2.1 Consolidated Financial Statements
(g) Whether satisfactory measures had been taken by the Management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year's audit report
Spending agencies and the provincial councils were guided to ensure sector allocations are properly distributed among similar activities implemented under projects and programs.
The government will spend Rs. 4,600 million for this purpose, the Minister said.
Japanese current total portfolio, as of December 2014, consists of USD 2,443.1 million.
Project Number and Name:
His Excellency the President has established a National Council for the Disabled in this Ministry under Act No. 28 of 1996 to ensure the promotion, development and protection of the rights of persons with disabilities.
Biodiversity Awareness
This shows that the Sinahala lineage originated in this District.
Quality Controller
Department Of National Budget
Hingurakgoda No. 02
The WGTI has recommended that the amount of US $ 30,000 be provided, subject to endorsement by the Committee of Senior Officials, for the proposed project for the establishment of a Centre for Indian Ocean Observation and Forecasting System.
Institutional Needs Assessment on the challenges to Case flow Management within the Penal Chain
The Audit of financial statements of the Secondary Towns and Rural Community Based Water Supply and Sanitation Project for the period of 13 months from 01 January 2015 to 31 January 2016 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 2.09(a) of Article (II) of the Loan Agreement No.2758 SRI(SF) dated 22 July 2011 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
(b) Procurement Guidelines 2006
Staff debtors - Sundries
For employees of Prima
Note (iii)
In addition to the individual training programs, the development partners provide group training workshops and educational tours to public sector officials.
4.1 Office Organization Chart
Monaragala-Buttala Water Supply Project
I will also call for tenders from that company and will make arrangements to give to the highest bidder.
(b) Transactions and balances
Action should be taken to recover the outstanding balance.
Eastern Province Water Supply Development Project
Accordingly, 23 Indian offenders, 50 Pakistani offenders, and one Maldivian offender have been transferred to the relevant countries.
Subsequent expenditure is capitalized when the future economic returns generated by those assets can be reliably measured by the Institute.
4 Accountability and Good Governance
Income & Expenditure as at 31.12.2014
I communicated with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that I identified during my audit.
Colombo Journal
04. For the Officers of the Public Service:
Consumption in that sector was around 33.4%, followed by the industrial sector which consumed 31.5% of the total consumption.
Liabilities
Send Your Comments
District Field officers
No. of winners
Name of Regulation
University of Moratuwa - Sri Lanka
Stage design /sets
Necessary action is being taken to transfer the Nation’s Building Tax payment to the government funds in this year.
Audit Management quarterly Committee meetings with the chairmanship of the District Secretary were conducted on the following days.
Supreme Court Order Appeal Cases
Foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  resulting  from  the  settlement  of  such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in the statement of comprehensive income.
Circuit bungalow, one overhead tank, Drying floor, two Grade IV quarters, Internal fence, and two labor quarters of the Regional Agricultural Research and Development Centre, Kilinochchi were reconstructed and rehabilitated.
Central Bank of Sri Lanka:
(b) Provision of irrigation drainage systems for cultivable lands in irrigation and drainage projects and prevention of seawater inflow
Nature of payments/Liabilities should be recognized separately as follows
(b) The balance of arrears of 19 water consumers whose arrears were over Rupees 100,000 was Rupees  4,544,660 out of the arrears of water revenue amounting to Rupees 37,964,657 as at the end of the year under review.
Self-employment allowance for low – income families with children who are attending children
Confirmation
Each total of the columns No 2-4 of the above table should be tallied with the subsequent arrears reported under the Statement of Arrears of Revenue as at 31.12.2019 after subtracting the recovery up to the first six months of year 2020, if any.
Project 03
That was 68.3 millimeters.
Assistant Director (Planning)
The total cadre approved for the year 2013 was 176.
Dr. (Mrs.) T. Mayurathi
Physical Progress: 12%
Hindu Cultural Assistant
Creating awareness among people who come to exhibition premises was not limited only for exhibition stall, 300 plaques were displayed for public, covering whole the exhibition premises, five different messages with regard to language rights were included to plaques.
Automated Rain Gauge
July - 04
8,898 out of them were government school buildings.
As such as the budget for the year 2012 had not been made use of as an effective instrument of management control.
Guatemala
Official vehicles of Judicial officers
Auditor’s Report
Displaying of public instruction boards and notice boards of state banks, in trilingual
A sum of Rs.203,095‍ that remained unrecovered over a number of years and Rs.53,717‍ relating to dishonoured cheques had not been recovered.
Chemical Safety
Officers Resigned
Restoration of 02 tanks and construction of 16 concrete pits has been completed.
The red notices had been issued by the Dambadeniya sub-office in July 2017 for the final payments of 70 assessment units, but actions had not been taken thereafter to restrain the properties in respect of the units for which payments not made.
The Secretary to the Ministry of State, Housing and Construction
Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs, Independence Square, Colombo 07.
Our Core Values:
Housing;
Scrap Crepe
Cash flow through financial activities
Fund Utilized during the year under review
Rectification of bus bar fault within the 33 kV GIS of the Sapugaskanda grid substation
An agreement was signed with CIVICON Engineering (Pvt) Ltd. and ITI to exchange the technology for fabrication of rain gauge.
Demuni Daya Meththananda De Silva
(vi) North East Power Transmission Development Project
Indian Government Housing Scheme – Progress Report
However, a further amount of Rs. 214,308 remained under this heading due to the unavailability of records.
Several efforts have been made over the years in this regard wherein the possibilities to recommence the production have been comprehensively studied.
Problem Solving and Facing Challenges
Conducting the knowledge Exchange Program among Fort Cities in collaboration with the Galle Heritage Foundation on 20.03.2015, 21.03.2015, 22.03.2015.
No. 75/852, Susithapura,
63. Homagama
Translation differences related to changes in amortized cost are recognized in the statement of comprehensive income.
4.3.3 Progress of the Development Activities under the Divi Naguma District Office.
(a) The Company had made adjustments directly to the trial balance without recording them to the respective ledger accounts.
At Cost
However, allocation for fuel can be obtained with the personal approval of the Secretary of the Ministry/ Chief Provincial Secretary.
01. Construction of Super Markets
Cost is determined using weighted average method.
One development programme for one village programme
40 People participated for that.
Establishment Matters
2. Accounting Policies
Mr. R. S. Wijesekara – Director (Extension & Training Centre)
State Minister of Higher Education and Highways
Progress of General Administration and Religious Activities 2014
52 applications have been received in respect of child abduction under the Act No.10 of 2001.
Basic work done to achieve the mission of Clean Air-Everywhere
National Lottery Board Draw,
State Printing Corporation
The highest inflow was recorded in the month of June.
In the year, 2010 the Corporation has received a Net Profit of Rs.5.074 Mn. after deducting Bank loan interest.
As at the end of the year 2014, the approved cadre and the actual cadre of the department were as follows.
This Plant comprises of 03 units of 8MW.
2. Furniture Design and Decoration - 03 months
Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities
03. Construction of Homagama Court Complex
Psychological workshop
Mr. J. A. D. A. Perera
Dear Sir / Madam,
6. Setting out of G.P.S. control points for the construction of a tunnel connecting the Kalu Ganga reservoirs on the Uthuru Ela
Electoral District No. 21
In order to limit such transfers, a decision had been reached that a sum of Rs. 500,000 should be paid to the Trust in respect of such transfer from the year 2018.
The compensations are paid to the affected persons of Land acquisition based on the legal framework and considering the agreed social safeguard policies of the Government of Sri Lanka.
The financial statements of the institute comprise the balance sheet, income statement, statement of changes in equity, cash flow statement, and note to the financial statement.
Mr. S. S. Danushka
My No.: EST 5/1/49
Differently-abled Livelihood Allowance (Rs. 3000.00)
The purpose of constructing this reservoir is to control the water of Uma Oya and to meet the water requirement of the cultivated lands under the Bathmedilla anicut and to release the water required for the environmental needs and the Minipe anicut.
Adaptable varieties were identified.
Improvement / (Deterioration) in the Financial Results as Compared with Preceding year as a Percentage
P. S. No. 2014/322 - Second Instalment - Part XIII - State Corporations - Report of the Auditor General 2012
Exported Animals
3.6. Memorandum of Cooperation on the strengthening of an Inter-Governmental Economic Policy Dialogue between Sri Lanka and Japan
It is also expected to build an outdoor prison at Giribava and to take steps to improve the existing outdoor prison at Hangilipola.
Mr. Dhamitha Jayasekara - Project Manager
Accordingly, on the recommendations of the Constitutional Council, His Excellency the President appointed Mr. Mahinda Deshapriya, the former Commissioner of Elections, President’s Counsel Mr. Nalin J. Abeysekara and the Professor Ratnajeewan H. Hoole, on 13.11.2015 as the members of the Election Commission.
Currently, the approval for the cadre positions in public sector is granted based on the provisions stipulated under the Financial Regulation 71.
Name of the Secretary
Your message
S5 - Second Place Won by Meter Laboratory
Illuppukulam
In terms of Article 149 (1) of the Constitution, all receipts of the Republic, not allocated by law to specific purposes, should be credited to the Consolidated Fund of the government.
Reason
the ballot papers of each party/ group are once again sorted, bundled, checked, rechecked, super checked, and placed in the receptacle in the following manner.
Address
Construction of an Auditorium with modern facilities for the University of Ruhuna
(c) According to the Circular No D.M.A./D/2015 of 15 June 2016 of the Department of Management Audit, an Internal Auditor should be recruited for Donor Funded Projects which exceeds the total estimated cost of US $ 10 million.
Arrangements will be made to prepare and present with the financial statements from the next year.
Table 06: Visitor Statistics for Dehiwala and Pinnawala Zoos-2014
This is a fulfilment of the Corporation’s objective for Children’s programs in 2013.
Volley ball Matches - 14
For over three decades we have been fulfilling our national obligation while remaining at the forefront of mass communication on behalf of all Sri Lankans.
Safes
Planning the development activities in the District, organizing, implementing, supervising and conducting follow up activities which are done by the District Secretary, playing the role of the Secretary to the District Development Committee. The progress of the development activities executed in year 2015 is given below.
Name of the Resource person who participated
As part of the annual seminar on Hinduism organized by the Department, this year's seminar titled 'Thiruvadavurum Saivaththiruneriyum' was held from 18th to 20th July at the Saraswathi Hall, Bambalapitiya .
Mr. G. D. N. de Silva
Net operating loss
Rent and Local Government
Personal Emoluments
Your e-mail:
IAEA Regional Workshop on Occupational Radiation Protection in the Mining & Processing of Ores
Domestic Dairy Industry has potential to produce substantial amount of quality milk products to the prevailing market at affordable prices while keeping reasonable profit margins to all stakeholders in the production marketing chain without causing damage to the environment.
United National Party
The Minister of Finance and Planning had not been consulted in deciding to provide vehicles on hire basis for transport allowances, fuel allowances, driver allowances and transport facilities for the officers of the Company, and the Company had spent Rs. 70,407,461 for the above matters during the year under review.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The term of office of the Council ended on 31.07.2015
Provide marketing facilities for articles produced by visually impaired persons
Various Programs Division
Cash flows from operating activities
Out of the evaluated 18 lines, four big onion lines showed better storability than the recommended variety of Dambulla selection.
Part I - Sampoor to Habarana approximately US$ 106 million
Recurrent Provisions
Your kind attention is drawn to the State Accounts Circular No. 256 dated 05.07.2017 issued under the heading of Submission of Annual Reconciliation Statements of Public Officers Advance “B” Accounts in terms of FR 506 (D).
MOOR
Digana Kundasale Sports Complex
05. These Circular instructions are not applicable in the settlement of loan balances of the Provincial Councils and the existing provisions will continue to be applicable in this regard.
18 local F1 hybrids were tested under the National Coordinating Variety Trial.
The Commission’s expectation is to establish a bilingual public service in future by developing school children’s knowledge and good attitudes on the Official Languages Policy.
Awarding semi scholarships for educational and vocational courses
In this regard, several efforts have been made over the years and there has been a comprehensive study of the possibility of resuming production.
Total Non-Corporate Tax (b)
The information with regard to the estimated revenue, billed revenue, collected revenue and the arrears of revenue furnished for the year under review and for the preceding year appears below.
3. Market Risk
The Audit Committee of the Company consists of Non-Executive Directors viz., Mr. Wasantha Ekanayake (Chairman), Mr. Lalith R. de Silva & Mr. Sudarshana Senaratne.
Cinnamon
Medium-Term Goals
This new prison complex has been designed by giving due consideration to the human needs such as prison hospital, fully equipped vocational training division, industrial division, selling Centre for industrial products, sports complex, visitors waiting hall, a hall for prisoner's visits, Official quarters for officers and also cafeterias that include all common facilities.
A vehicle met with an accident was repaired by spending Rs. 4.29 million by Regional Director of Health Services, Kilinochchi.
Sri Lanka Muslim Congress
In 2013 under Project Phase II, 173 out of 175 buildings to be constructed for 13 police divisions have been completed.
Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written-off are against distribution cost in the income statement.
(10 days)
Design of Manmunai West Divisional Secretariat Building
Other Hazards
i) Department of Public Enterprises (PED) provided clarifications to State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) with regard to guidelines and other legal provisions applicable to SOEs.
3:7 Identified Losses
The balance will be paid once the work is completed.
Senior Lecturer, Department of Electrical Engineering, University of Moratuwa
Dudaru kusalatha programme
Weheragala Circuit Bungalow
Telephone
Crop improvement and variety of development
(ii) Action had not been taken to recover a sum of Rs. 1,194,618 shown as deposits/advances in other institutions and a sum of Rs. 100,000 given to a trade union together with the interest.
Further, according to the information made available to the audit, the minimum qualifications required for that post had not possessed by the person who was recruited for that post.
The total number of registered suppliers has increased up to 6000.
In respect of power decentralization, a large part of administrations are carried out through the District Secretariat.
Media Division
Implementation of Recovery Programmes to regain and re-establish live hood and economic activities disrupted by disasters
Number of Affected Families by Flood
Country required a process as this based on a historical backdrop.
11.3. Further, steps were taken to complete the urgent repairs of the District Elections Offices and official residences of District Deputy/ Assistant Commissioners of Elections, within the limits of the provisions provided for the year 2015.
June
The Project commenced its activities on 19 September 2013 and was scheduled to be completed by 18 September 2017.
(E) Kopay
(B) Galigamuwa
Pakistan
Officers of the Remote Sensing, LIS, GIS and Mapping branches have been engaged in this, under an incentive scheme outside of office time.
In making those risk assessments, the Auditor considers internal control applicable to the Company’s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to plan audit procedures, but does not intend to comment on the effectiveness of the Company's internal controls.
Sandun
The participation for that was 7,332.
Aloka Udapadi
Prepare proposals with the sector advisory council to submit for donor assistance.
Design of Electrical Installation 2 days
Issuing final treasury account statement including journal entries for correction of all identified accounts and relevant transfers of accounts
1st floor,
1.3.4. Accounts Receivable and Payable
Sinhala and Tamil medium workshops were held on 27th of October 2014 at ‘Friends Inn’ in Kilinochchi and on 29th of October 2014 at ‘Hotel Suisse’ in Kandy, to educate National Integration Promotion Assistants, Coordinators and Assistant Officers.
(b) Capital
Condominium Management Authority
Credit total
The much awaited recovery to pre-recession level has yet to be materialized despite the expectations of the Industry Analysts.
3. Enhancement and Enrichment of Islamic Religious Studies.
Eco - tourism activities
Teacher Training Courses
Female – 1
5.6 PLANNING DIVISION
News from the National Institute of Social Development
Management Assistant (2)
Your salary is converted as follows in terms of the above circular as at 01.01.2017.
10. Koralai Pattu Central
Statement of Non-Financial Assets - 2019
Heads of Academic Departments,
New design Training Program on Textile
Triple Jump (Female)
This programme has been carried out in Kilinochchi, Ratnapura and Vavunia Districts in the year 2014
Year 2014
Public Administration Circular 06/2006(III) and Public Administration Circular 06/2006(V)
Other important links
Management Assistants
Achchuveli Industrial Zone
Ministry of Public Administration, Disaster Management and Livestock Development
(B) Kotmale
Labour and Labour Relations
Bogambara
Even though the expected target here is 36, the target could not be achieved due to lack of provisions received.
1.Determination	of the responsibilities and	the	scope of the Internal Audit Unit and review of the annual audit plans and the work program
Personal emoluments
Number of Members of Parliament
9.1.4. Director General of Management Services Department, Ministry of Finance approved one post of Technical Officer of Sri Lanka Technical Service to this Department by his letter No. DMS / 1014 (1) dated 24.11.2015.
Labourer i
Nuwaragam Palatha-Central
10. Preperation of results sheets
3.6. Memorandum of Cooperation on the Vitalization of an Inter – Governmental Economic Policy Dialogue between Sri Lanka and Japan
Feb. 27
Ministry of Sports Development
Batch  19
For this development project, the Department of Textile Industry Development has received Rs. 12 M in the year 2014.
Maintenance of services, improvement of service efficiency, achievement of planned results effectively, avoidance of duplication of work and wastage of resources, priority needs, implementation capacity of provincial agencies have also been given due consideration.
Revenue Rs. Cents
10.3.4. Mr. M. M. Mohamed, Additional Commissioner of Elections attended the Discussion on Experiences of Parliamentary Elections in Myanmar, Sri Lanka and Cambodia held in Mongolia from 20.12.2015 to 24.12.2015.
This new prison complex has been designed by giving due consideration to the human needs
The Business Turnover Tax amounting to Rs.7,101,932 relating to the preceding years that should have been remitted to the Western Provincial Commissioner of Revenue had not been remitted
SCHEDULE 01 – Surgical & Hospital Reimbursement Insurance Cover
McCarthy Tower
Work has begun.
(D). Once the entries in respect of a bundle are completed then it is passed to any officer on the opposite side of the table to check all entries.
A basic awareness creation with regard to the Official Languages Policy was done and opportunity was given for questions and discussions.
Bope Poddala
The Project is managed by a Director.
05. Granting self employment loans
Rs. 1.698 million has been spent on developing the elder’s home and the holiday bungalow at Kataragama which are managed by the Administrative Council functioning under the National Secretariat for Elders.
1.2 Estimated provisions and actual expenditure
The vessels are expected to be used to import large quantities of coal, which will be supplied to the Phase II of the Norochcholai Coal Power Plant and the Sampur Coal Power Plant in the coming years in addition to the Phase I of the Norochcholai Coal Power Plant currently in operation.
Sri Lankan citizens of age 18 years or above by June 1st of the respective year and are not subject to the aforementioned disqualifications are eligible to be registered at a qualifying address.
Rental income received
Disposals
Rural Electrification Project
Unsettled sub imprest (Advances)
The recommendations of the Committee on Public Enterprises were appreciated.
Total Net Provision
My No.: EST-08/COMPT/02/3000/11
Annexure IV: Budget Support to SOEs under the Purview of PED
Yan Oya Reservoir Project
Report of the Audit and Management Committee
The contribution of the public, education, government officials, heads of departments, and political leaders of the district is expected to make this district a developed district in every sector.
(a) A sum of Rs. 24,984 had been paid in June 2017 to publish advertisements in 03 newspapers to invite quotations to purchase a road roller without a plan in respect of expected utilization.
In line with the objectives laid down in the Mahinda Chintana, vision for the future programme, and as directed by the Minister for Technology and Research Hon. Patali Champika Ranawake the Industrial Technology Institute through technology and Knowledge transfer took upon itself the challenge of upgrading the SME capacity in order to uplift the livelihood of the community through Agriculture, Livestock and Cottage Industries with the aim of converting each household to be a domestic economic unit ensuring food and nutrition security with increased income and reduced expenditure to create a self reliant economy.
Name of Contract: Rehabilitation / Improvements to section of MankulamMullaitivu Road A034 from 13+000 to 24+000 km
The 14 government institutions identified by this Ministry as Innovative Model Centers were further empowered in 2015 as model institutions for the implementation of the Official Language Policy.
Description of the item
Secretary to the Ministry of Education
Office Management and File Removal (Divisional Sec - Neluwa, Four Gravets)
Allocation Rs.
(May to August).
The profitability of those in the 05 preceding years had been as follows.
Duminda Nagamuwa
Specialist in  Microbiology, National Hospital of Sri Lanka, Colombo
Laboratory tests have shown that enzymes can develop biologically active compounds by enzymatic hydrolysis done prior to filtration.
Name of the Road / Bridge: Thirukkondiyadimadu - Trincomelee road (A15 road)
Opanayake No. 01
Issuing Certificates of Justice of Peace-Affidavits are provided in order to enable the issuance of NIC’s, Birth, Marriage and Death Certificates.
Exchange Rates
(ii) Not updating the Register of Fixed Assets
Table 8: Provincial Requests on Other Recurrent Expenditure – 2016 (Except Stamp Duty and Court Fines to be transferred to the Local Authorities )
Revaluation of disposed Motor Vehicles
5. Manmunai West
During the period when progress reports are being prepared to overcome the obstacles and challenges in the field of environment and natural resources in Sri Lanka, a number of projects and programmes are being implemented by the ministries and institutions under the Ministry in line with all the policies required to achieve the sustainable development goals.
Approved amount
A. C. A. - 2 (a) (ii)
Essential and urgent repairs in Serpentine National Housing Scheme
The summary of total number of matches championships and other festivals conducted at the Indoor Stadium in the year 2012 has been mentioned below.
Concessionary Loan Project
1,921 corruption offenses have been reported following the raids conducted and complaints received in 2014.
(c) Whether adequate accounting records were maintained on a continuing basis to show the expenditure of the Project from the fund of the Government of Sri Lanka and the Donor Agency, the progress of the Project in financial and physical terms, the assets and liabilities arising the operations of the Project, the identifications of the purchases made out of the Grant etc.,
Expanding of Jayaviru Sevana
Functions to be performed by this division in the districts of Ratnapura Badulla and Moneragala are performed by the Regional Office in Ratnapura.
Method of amalgamating of previous advance accounts and deposit accounts as per new Expenditure Heads are shown in Annexure 02.
The role of the Transfer Board is to submit necessary recommendations to the Director General of Combined Services on the occasions mentioned in Para 1 (a) Above, taking action in accordance with section 206 and 207 subjecting to the provisions laid down in this transfer procedure and chapter XVIII of Procedural Rules (Volume I) of Public Services Commission published in the Gazette Extra Ordinary No. 1589/30.
Social care institute, Beruwala
Advertisement – Tender & recruitment
Documents in support of the accuracy of the creditors’ balances should be furnished.
There were some lapses of the Project Partners, Promoter Company and Promoter Bank and hence, a person had been appointed to the post of Value Chain Mobilizer to inspect the field development programme.
Length: 113 km
(d) Interest Income
Currently, 328 Mediation Board Panels have been established in  Divisional Secretariat's Divisions and approximately 8200 Mediators are working in the Mediation Boards.
University Students' Union
Standard Expenditure subject, Expenditure subject categories and Expenditure subject names
Note - 8 Interest payments classified according to the subject of expenditure
The alance of the distressed loan account is equal to the balance of the absolute balance list.
Accordingly, the children, those who are benefitted with the services of this project, will interact with special schools, special educational units, or normal schools once they are well developed.
Action initiated to purchase new ships with the assistance of the Government is being continuously pursued.
Housing Development Finance Corporation
Ms. A. K. Gunasekara
The basic premise of the zero-based budgeting approach is that in order for each program or project to receive funding, it must be justified to continue that program or project.
Kalawana Sewana Elders' Home
The objective of this phase is : “Key state and non- state actors collaborate with each other successfully putting key elements of Social Integration into practice”
Time Frame
Mrs. P. K. Malani
The Nuwara Eliya area which was previously under the Uva Province was transferred to the Central Province in June 2013
B. A. Peris ( Engineer )
Number of agents participated
The Project commenced its activities on August 2014 and scheduled to complete by June 2019.
Balance according to Treasury books as on 31st December 2019
In making those risk assessments, the Auditor considers internal control relevant to the Project’s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Project’s internal control.
Improved Customer Services
1.2 Mission
Korean Loan and Grant Assistance 2005 - 2014 (USD million)
Provincial Road Project
Number of Pradeshiya Sabhas
Natural Ventilation System
Sri Lanka Customs Department
The above survey was carried out under following 05 criterions to monitor whether letter heads have been prepared in compliance to the Official Languages Policy.
Bactrian Camelus
Numeric Table 13
Morawewa village
Among them, 97% are located in the Central Province and the rest are located in the Eastern Province.
Enrolment of Attorneys-at-Law at the Supreme Court.
4.Rattota
Tax revenue from the tea estate
V. Mapiya Surekum Programme
Ranaviru Real Star
Training program planning and management
Punanai
Urban area based retail outlets
Central 9%
4. Organizational Structure & Approved Cadre
No. of cases assigned
Trade results
A cool drink alms giving (Cool Drinks Dansala) is held in front the District Secretariat building on each Poson Poya Day of the year.
The total electricity sales during the year increased from 10,474 GWh in the previous year to 10,621 GWh resulting in a percentage increase of 1.4%.
As per the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers on 07.06.2016, the Plan of Action to address sexual and gender-based violence in Sri Lanka to be implemented under the medium-term budgetary framework from 2017-2019.
According to the information made available, arrangements had been made to enter into a Loan Agreement with the Asian Development Bank in October 2018.
Number of Circuit Bungalows (under Ministry of Home Affairs): 02
Plant Machinery and Equipment
Nanthulage Cyril Fernando
Lobe's sets - 08
Read more...
Mr. Namal Prasanna
expenditure was made in the head for 43 temples in Kurunagala and Puttalam Districts within the allocated amount of Rs. 5.4 Mn for the rehabilitation of temples through Divisional Secretaries under the Deyata Kirula Programme.
To commence, assist and promote linguistics research activities in Sinhala, Tamil, and English languages and in foreign languages.
Excess for the relevant period (deficit)
Panagoda
Obtaining financial analysis reports of all the Societies under the line department as at 31.12.2013 and conducting 5 site and in situ tests.
Road Identification Number: A 032
Bank Balance - Acc./ No. - 228075
Collection (Program 03)
Financial statement of indirect income
2.1 Accounting Deficiencies
Sri Lanka successfully participated in the 43rd, 44th and 45th Sessions of the Standing Committee of APTA in May, July and November 2014 respectively.
New marriage registrations-30 couples who lived together have been registered in 2015.
Improving the information and communication system.
Mrs. H.C.M.Fonseka
Survey Months
1. Number of deeds obtained for registration
The library has a significant number of specialized reports and publications, as well as regularly updated articles from local and foreign trusted and independent organizations.
Not obtaining the deeds for the lands, buildings and cemeteries, which do not have certificates of deed transfer
Payroll System – Development Lotteries Board, Maintenance agreement has been signed.
In 1967, Mr. V. A. Sugathadasa was appointed the first Minister of Sports,
Reconsider the syllabus of the Diploma on Translation Studies
The following observations are made therein.
When observing the percentage rates achieved in the reporting of crimes and their resolution it is evident that there is a far better growth in the measures taken to realize the goal of establishing law and order in the country during the first three quarters of 2014.
Making arrangement for preparing training manuals were done under the guidance of this Ministry.
The Agreement reflected the desire of the Member States to promote and sustain mutual trade and economic cooperation within the SAARC region through the exchange of concessions.
ii. Rule 194 and 212 5,798,350
According to a press release issued by the Commissioner of Elections on November 20, 2014, duties for the Presidential Election commenced and the election was held on 8th January 2015.
(District Officer)
Sriman Naarayanan Temple-Ampara Siththi Vinayakar Temple-Poonagary
E. M. S. K. Ekanayake
Income Rupees
Keep a list of emergency phone numbers handy
Officers attached to 242 Divisional Secretariats have already been deployed.
I am happy that I was able to achieve my efforts in protecting the social status and security of labour force and thereby protecting the rights of working class through giving effect to international labour standards and revision of laws and creating a suitable working environment for the employees.
Payments and Receipts of 2012 are listed below as per the note.
Expenditure on NAC
Finance;
Establishment of textile villages, repair handloom equipment, and accessories, and conduct training programs.
i. Failure to take action on idle assets
Tap changer testing
Fixed assets procured
Department of Government Information
Rehabilitation & Improvement
2. Taking necessary action to encourage sports activities and provision of necessary infrastructure facilities in order to achieve desired tasks
Hatharaliyedda
Office Building
Procurement Plan
Basic work done to achieve the mission of a wastge free environment
Video Projector Facilities
Subsequently, the District Divi Neguma Section  implemented the aforementioned activities under the Divi Neguma Development Department established by Act No.01 in 2013.
In this context the first meeting of the JTC between Sri Lanka and Kenya was held on 11th November 2014 in Colombo.
Additional District Secretary (Land)
In Subsidiary
The Commercial Printing Department (CPD) of the company augmented their technical capacity with modern machines in recent years.
Also, in this regard, you must maintain a data and information system that is in line with the Ministry's scope of programs and projects, as well as gender based.
In this year, requests for demarcations about 78,900 newly identified and settle land parcels have been forwarded to the Department of Surveys and this will contribute in an increase of the progress of coming years.
22 Tamil Language Training Public Management Assistants / Development Officers
Preparation of legal glossaries
Local training provided to support staff
Available for sale financial asset
However, those completed works had been continuously shown as the work-in-progress of the Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2015.
Different activities related to environmental conservation, awareness programmes and soil conservation projects were carried out parallel to the National Tree Planting Programme.
Since the 1970s, these parties have provided US $ 1,177 million in targeting development priorities in Sri Lanka and has continuously contributed to the development of irrigation, road and bridges, energy and health sectors after 2005.
640 B. Thambapanni
Mr. K. Sarath
Replanting Subsidy 2013 (Private Sector)
District Secretariat, consisting of 1,652 sq. km is considered the hub for civil administration in the Galle District.
However, the list related to the balance of this account of Rs. 62,500/- is indicated as Rs. 61,500/- (Annex 01).
No. Name Designation
Hotel
Directors’ Fees
Tel:- 2588946,2503431
Diploma in Public Procurement and Contract Administration
4.1.1.2 Solar Powered Hoarding
Accounts and Financial Division
Considering the Period from January to December 2015, this Division has completed a total of 101 audit inspections including at 13 High Courts, 18 District/ Magistrate’s Courts, 07 District Courts, 20 Magistrate’s Courts, 19 Labor Tribunals, 07 Court of Appellate and 15 Departments and Institutions including 02 special audit inspections.
Educating School Leavers
Key functions performed by the Commercial Officers aboard include the following.
Chief Accountant
(e) Whether the funds, materials, and equipment supplied under the Loan had been utilized for the purposes of the Program.
PC control
2.University of Colombo
Many children with disabilities are expected to show their artistic talents in dance and singing, giving them the opportunity to be emotionally satisfied and to set a socially strong example.
Proposed economic centers to be opened
Previous Designation name
The contractor should be forced to settle the advance as early as possible.
Take measures to ensure compliance with international commitments arising out of MEAs for which Sri Lanka is also a party.
Maharagama Divisional Secretariat
District Map
It has been identified by the information collected in relation to the Public Officer's Advance “B” Account that a significant amount of loans are existing within the accounts without being recovered yet from the officers who have either retired or are deceased.
Industrial Policy and Strategy
Numeric Table - 15
ii. Crimes against Women and Children
Over 7500 public benefitted.
9.1.7 With the approval of the Management Services Department action was taken in 2015 to create one new post in the Drivers Service and 12 posts in the Public Management Assistants’ Service in view of the increase in the functions of the Department of Elections.
Mrs. K. Logeshwari
My No:-EST-3/CERTI/06/9436
IF NOT
Dipped Products (Pvt) Ltd.
The rubber planting programme has been expanded into three Divisional Secretary’s Divisions such as Mahaoya, Padiyathalawa and Uhana.
Accordingly, primary measures have been taken to set up a new Engineering Unit.
Value written off as at 31.12.2010
Product launch
Estimated Revenue for 2015 - Rs. Cents
Constructing wildlife barriers to minimize human-wildlife conflict
When purchasing library books and magazines, bids had been invited from only one of the four registered suppliers and books and magazines worth Rs. 400,000 were purchased.
The Government's Medium-Term Strategic and Operational Programme prepared to utilize the foreign financing obtained from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) has been updated with the assistance of the Asian Development Bank (ADB) in 2014, targeting the years 2015-2017.
Reconstruction of tanks in Wilpattu National Park
No action had been taken to take over the Mini Kubota tractor, a motorcycle, the land where the Pura Neguma building owned by the Divisional Secretary is located and the 128 cemeteries in the Sabha area which have been used by the Council since 2003.
Dhawala
Description of the Memorandum
Providing the Allowance of Rs. 2000/- for Senior Citizens
Note (iv)
Cases received during the year 2012
By the Kandyan era, the Ratnapura District had been divided into 6 Korales.
Woodapple
Expenditure should not be further incurred on the unused equipment.
(a) Section 154 (1) of the Pradeshiya Sabha Act No. 15 of 1987
Participated in meetings, workshops and field trials conducted by relevant agencies on water resource management.
The following observation is made in this connection.
Mr. Santhusa Liyanage
Davasa
Insurance of Official Vehicles
Nagoda - Kalawellawa - Bellapitiya Road
1988 Pradeshiya Sabha (Financial and Administration) Rules
The value of assets such as property, plant and machinery are depicted as the value after deducting the accumulated depreciation.
Their religions and cultures vary according to the one’s ethnicity.
Sitemap
According to the calculation made, net exchange loss of US$ 892,781 equivalent to Rs. 130.51 million had been incurred by the Project during the previous 03 years, due to depreciation of United States Dollars against Sterling Pounds.
The main Professions of the people of the District are Agriculture, Fisheries, and Businesses.
Acting as an ordinary trustee, as a custodian trustee or security guardian
The cost of voluntary retirement
Recorded on 24.10.2015
As a marketing strategy to capture the decreasing print media readership, 15 new publications were introduced during 2010 to 2013.
France
The follow up language audits were conducted in 2014, 09 Divisional Secretariats, 02 Police stations, and 01 hospital.
4.4 Promotion of National and International Language Proficiency
Granting housing loans
References to employments
Copy:
18 numbers of minor tanks are completed and following works are in progress
World Bank - International Bank for Development and Reform
The administrative set up needed by the Public Service so as to render services for the general in the language they prefer has been created by the said Circular.
Through this endeavor it is intended to accelerate the activities of our Ministry which depends on the work of the other Ministries and institutions by way of bringing about a better liaison among each other.
Enter the verification code.
Financial Administration of the Department of National Budget
The proceeds of this bond is to be utilized to invest in their capital assests.
Due to the application of SLFRS certain long dues of trade and other payables have been written back and adjusted to retained earnings at the date of transition.
District Secretariat, consisting of 1,652 sq. km is considered as the hub for civil administration in the Galle District.
Start-ups and follow-up for self-employment with assistance for single parent family development
The new e-mail address of the Ministry is being designed.
Camel (Camelus bactrianus) - Sex: 1:2
Mr.Jagath Narambedda
General Administration of the Department
Development Capital Project 1
District Arts Festival
Mr. J.H. Senarath Bandara
Since no fund or provisions were allocated as per section 18 of the Act at the time of the incorporation of the Authority, an additional group of employees had to be maintained from the year 2003 to 2009.
Work Component
Progress Evaluation / Writing Adjustment
Such impairment losses are not reversed.
The experiment will be repeated to confirm the results.
Listing and data collection of small scale agricultural sectors and data collection of estates.
In addition, the organizing of the presidential election which is scheduled to be held on 08.01.2015 was successfully carried out.
Distribution of medals for each province island wide at the National Sports Festival
Total No. of applications
Has been referred for the observation of the Ministry of Finance.
Maintenance of Registers
No;306/72,
Weed control efficacy of Oxyfluorfen 480g/l SC on onion was studied.
Avissawella, Negombo, Galle, Matara, Kurunegala, Kandy, and Ratnapura
Accordingly, the programs and training courses of which staff members participated have been given below.
(a) Though the paid taxes for the year under review were Rs. 21,520,839, Rs. 40,751,000 had been shown in the cash flow statement thus resulting in an overstatement of Rs. 19,230,161.
12. Name of the spouse:-
Bridges No. 4 (283/7 on Peradeniya – Badulla – Chenkaladi Road - AA 005)
Chief Secretaries of Provincial Councils
Vendrasan
(b) Even though the Communications Unit had been designed according to the Progress Reports, it had not been possible to install that and make available for obtaining information required by the fishermen even by December 2012.
In order to rehabilitate and improve capital assets, polythene home repairs, machinery maintenance, gardener's official residence, and building maintenance had been done spending Rs. 0.83 million.
Monday, 28 August, 2017
The scheme of providing monthly payment for senior citizens who are eligible over 70 years has been implemented by National Secretariat for Elders from 2012.
The main strategies adopted by the Trade Officers to promote Sri Lanka as a tourist destination include; arranging special forums and conferences, visits by tourist groups, organizing Sri Lanka promotion events, facilitate participation at international tourism fairs, arranging Media delegations and FAM tours to Sri Lanka, setting up tourism promotion councils, providing publicity through electronic and print media in the host country.
Canoe
Colombo 06
01. Galle Court Complex
B.V Coordinating Secretaries of Secretaries to the Ministries
People’s understanding on the importance of the implementation of the Official Language Policy in their residential areas will be highly constructive towards bringing about coexistence in the society.
4. Capital Expenditure Utilization
Total Expenditure
3.4 Intangible Assets
Providing fuel allowance and other facilities entitled for the post of Senior Assistant Secretary in a Ministry
(Puththalam, Badulla, Monaragala, Vavuniya)
05. Auditor General - for necessary action.
7. Trade, Investment and Tourism Promotion
The Government of Sri Lanka entered into Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Agreements with China, Belarus, and the United Arab Emirates, during the year 2014.
Mr. K. H. N. Samarawickrama
(f) When the due allowance could not be obtained before leaving the country, the allowances could be obtained on a later date according to the exchange rate prevailed on the date of leaving the Island.
09. Agrahara insurance Scheme if you would like to make contribution
(b) Whether the expenditure shown in the financial statements of the Project had been satisfactorily reconciled with the enhanced financial reports and progress reports maintained by the Project.
School Road, Meeravodai East
Repairs & maintenance – Garden
Accordingly when compared to last year, it is a 303 percent increase and it is mainly due to the reorientation process which has aimed at strengthening the balance sheets of some SOBEs enabling them to raise funds from development partners and market sources on the strength of their balance sheets.
Contribution to Sustainable Development Programmes of the affected areas through disaster response and recovery
Environmental Unit
According to the information received, the rehabilitation and maintenance works of 620 kilometers of national roads in 08 Provinces and 635 kilometers of provincial and rural roads under the purview of 03 Provincial Councils and 09 Pradeshiya Sabhas were expected to be implemented by the Project.
Projects 2
Even though Department of Co-operative Development belongs a building at Poonthoodam, Vavuniya the rent aggregating Rs. 2.7 million had been paid by the Department for last 7 years.
2.5.1 Arbitration of Disputes
Akkaraipattu
Elders ID cards were issued for 20500 elders spending Rs. 0.485 million within the year 2012.
(a) Value Added Tax totalling Rs.9,802,984 relating to the Head Office had not been deducted from the customers and remitted to the Commissioner-General of Inland Revenue during the year under review.
Security Deposits
Jaffna selection, Hene miris having desirable characters were selected.
Description of Work: 18.50
Preparation of statistical handbook
13. Tambuttegama
A sample of 50 institutions was  selected for this study.
02. It has been decided at the meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers held on 09.05.2013 to revise the Establishments Code with the inclusion of provisions of granting no-pay leave for an illness of a child or the spouse of a public officer, immediately after Sub Section 22:7 of Section 22.
Complex
1. Secretary, Ministry of Construction, Engineering Services, Housing and Common Amenities
04. Conservation and protection of water sources and irrigation systems.
(c) Schedule 03 of the Credit Facility Agreement
Elapatha
9.5.3 Mr. R. Mugunthan of the Class II of Public Management Assistants’ Service, who was serving in the Vavuniya District Elections Office, was released on 08.11.2015 to enable him to assume duties to the post of Class III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service as he passed the Limited Examination for recruitment to the service.
It will be corrected in the next year.
2. Reconciliation Statement of Departmental books and Treasury print outs in terms of Financial Regulations 427 (1) (Annexure 2)
The Law Commission of Sri Lanka was established under the Law Commission Act No. 03 of 1969.
Certain significant statistics relating to the financing, budgetary provision for the year under review, and the utilization of funds during the year under review and up to 31 December 2015 are shown below.
Stores Labourer
Unpaid Advances
Part I - Line Route Survey is in progress.
There is a decline in the  of number of requests for Medical Relief Loans received this year in comparison to other years, This is due to  Army welfare unit introducing a special medical loan programme in 2011 for members of the army in service.
No. 94/2(100/1), Depanama, Pannipitiya
Diploma courses on Translation Studies (Part-time/ Full Time)
(Permanent, Contract & Casual grades).
3.14 Grants
Electricity (KVA requirement):
Judicial Activities
No. of Exhibitions/Delegations
Total 51 211 30
No. 74,
All short extracts outlined in the upper and lower areas of the letter must be prepared trilingually.
Decrease in write off of Income from Loan Interest
Pradeshiya Sabhas (14)
An annual Action Plan had not been prepared to cover the by-laws made and the 06 activities to be carried out by the Sabha.
Programmes conducted
Creating a conducive and work-friendly environment for employees contributes to the development of the division.
Combined driver service
Explosives and Fire Investigation Division
Expenditure related to general services of the Government Rs.1,598 billion
Ascertaining whether the establishment code, financial regulation, public administration, by the treasury and other supplementary institutions are been followed
Number of Permits Issued under the Above
Special Jury Award for Documentary Programme
National Diploma in Business Communication
Numbers
Develop human resources through local and foreign training
Arambagoda Lokugamage Bandula Karunarathna Perera
Program Number and Name: 1- Operating Program
The matters such as non-adequacy of production of organic fertilizer, the problems in recycling of solid waste, non-operating of sewerage treatment unit properly and non-utilization of bio gas system adequately had existed.
Nevertheless, contrary to that, an amount of Rs. 2,638,750 had been paid as incentives on the approval of the Board of Directors without obtaining the approval of the General Treasury.
Mr. R. Venkataraman
Short message tax
Accordingly,the process of establishing Mediation Boards in every Divisional Secretariat's Division was commenced.
Cost of Sales in Rs.’mn
District Secretariat (Puttalam)
There were 02 tertiary level vacancies, 12 secondary level and 13 primary level vacancies in the approved cadre.
Farming, Animal Husbandry, Bakery, Miscellaneous
Income Tax Refund
Allocations for 64 employees as at 31.12.2011
General Manager, Finance Manager and other Senior Managers should also be made to   attend the Audit committee by invitation as and when necessary.
Transfer up to June
The client can search for related books by Author, Title or Keywords.
Wattala   01
Pasikudah is a well-known beach without ripples and is one of the most popular and important tourist destinations in Sri Lanka for both local and foreign tourists.
Due to the lack of a hint of infidelity, the inferred provisions identified earlier have been reversed.
Since then, continuous improvement work has been carried out with field studies and equipment has been further developed to ensure its reliability and accuracy.
4. Hambanthota
A preschool teacher’s guide “Punchi Apai –Parisarayai” created by the Central Environmental Authority has been launched at the head office premises of the Central Environmental Authority, Battaramulla.
Composition of Recurrent Expenditure
Compilations on other subjects are on-going.
Chief Financial Officer
On or before 26th January, 2018
Manager - Industrial Relations
Disaster risk assessment,
(ii) Rule 19
Haputale
08. Mr. Vijith Kanugala
Defense and Urban Development
Fuel
(a) Although officers beyond 55 years of age can be transferred within the district, they should not be transferred out side the district without their request.
Travelling expenses – Local
15. Medirigiriya
Your subject:
Under this new subject following activities were launched during year 2015 and expected to concentrate more on year 2016.
Rs. 68,000/- was paid in this year as the accrued expenses of 2010.
Wetlands - non-forest
(iii) One phalanx
Udunuwara
Other activities
North East Local Government Improvement Project - Additional Financing
Capacity Building Training in Driver Service
As a percentage of the provisions
06.1.3.Limitations and Opportunities of duties of the post
The audit of financial statements of the Sanitation and Hygiene Initiative for Towns Project (Phase – 01) in South West Sri Lanka for the year ended 31 December 2017 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154 (1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 3.4.3 (h) of the Loan Agreement No. CLK 1013 – 01 K of 01 June 2016 and Grant Agreement No. CLK 1013 – 02 L of 16 March 2016 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the Agency Francaise de Development.
Also, they were directed to spend within the Medium Term Budgetary Framework that had already been approved by Parliament.
Mr. M. M. P. Perera
Once the misplacement of 04 batteries of the generator was revealed, an entry was lodged at the Peliyagoda Police Station.
Note (4) List of Items - Rs.
The accessions were submitted to test the Distinctness, Uniformity, and Stability.
(Project Management & Procurement)
Unusable Items
Accordingly, the advance account activities for the Year 2015 should be managed within the limits mentioned in Third Schedule to the Appropriation (Amendment) Act No. 15 of 2015.
Contractors mobilization in progress Possession of site handed over on 26.09.2011.
(www.accimt.ac.lk)
Mr.H.A.P.P.K.Hewawasam
Conservation:
Action should be taken to recover arrears in accordance with the Pradeshiya Sabha Act and the rules of the Pradeshiya Sabha (Finance and Administration).
We have already obtained proposals to develop the property.
Economic Infrastructure
Before Construction:
Mrs. Vajira Samararathne
06. Training Program on Goods Survey
Balance as per Cash Book as at 31.12.2015
Tabling Annual Reports in Council
Mr. Chanaka P. Welgama
Chemical and Microbiology Laboratory of ITI carried out a comprehensive analysis in resolving the problem by providing a detailed technical analysis report to the Government.
The great contribution has been given by them through this training to various fields as Occupational Safety Officers.
Laying of the foundation stone for the new Prison Training School was held on 05.09.2014 at Kotavilawatta in Matara.
Execution of contracts not budgeted.
The Construction work of the new grid substation at Naula, Maho, and Pallekele, were in progress.
Action has been taken to conduct monthly meetings of executive officers and technical officers for the review of the above matters and to follow-up decisions taken therein.
R.A. - Remote Access
5.4 ACTIVITIES OF SAMURDHI & DIVI NEGUMA DIVISIONS
Irrigable area: 5,696 ha.
North Western 4,700 10.4 1100 10.0
Director Fund Bank Account C / A 307399
In order to gather vulnerable people and teach them about Hindu moral characters, this progrmme was arranged in selected vulnerable areas.
Projets such as envelop making, LED bulb making, ekel broom making, coir based products, flower pots, metal block making, radish cultivation, chili cultivation, turmeric cultivation, wicks making, and ginger cultivation operated through it.
Key Areas
Staff Salary Benefits and Retirement Gratuity Provisions
Best Singer
Institutions under the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration
Retained earnings
In terms of 1988 Pradeshiya Sabha (Finance and Administration) Rules 32 to 42, action had not been taken to recover arrears of rates by preparing lists of arrears on the quarterly basis and to issue the respective notices and to restrain the properties.
Table 14: Apportionment of Capital Funds – 2016
5.3.6 Process under the Ministry of Economic Development
Stored the created  NDVI images and pixel details to analyze  the surface variation of vegetation coverage in the same area and found specific differences between the classified 12 NDVI images and 4 tables in the year 1992 and 2001.
Venue and time period
Avissawella, Negombo, Galle, Matara, Kurunegala, Kandy, Hambantota, and Embilipitiya
Launch of Uthuru Janani Operations, the 24 MW Northern Janani Diesel Power Plant at Chunnakam was successfully completed by local engineers within 8 months and was ceremonially opened on 12 February 2013.
The Mannar District is located to the northwest of Sri Lanka.
2.4.1 Functional and Presentation Currency
A mobile service to accept applications for awarding citizenship under Section 5(2) of the Act was held in Kilinochchi on 26.06.2015.
II. We totally disagree on commenting on drop of circulation revenue of 6 papers where in total the circulation revenue of all 28 publications have gone up by Rs. 17 million from Rs. 674 M in 2012 to Rs 691 M in 2013.
Under this project, financial assistance is given to the Ranaviru families of those dead, missing, retired with disability and those who die or become disabled while in service due to causes outside the operations, to begin a self employment or to improve an existing one.
Boric Acid
b) Use Of New Technology–Enterprise Resource Plan (ERP)
At present she is attached to the Department of Animal Production and Health and works in the Livestock Planning Division of this Ministry.
Capital Expenditure
The Sabha was aware of the "Sustainable Development Agenda 2030".
Assistant Superintendent of Police
Personal Emoluments
02. Empowerment of physical and mental health
Proceedings are being carried out successfully as per the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers.
Expenditure for repairs and maintenance
Treasury Authorized Imprest Accounts
Annex 07
Section 36, Chapter XLVIII, Volume II of Establishments Code
This can also be introduced as a very comfortable and attractive service station which addresses and fulfills the general public's requirements instantly by taking necessary action according to modern technology.
Disaster Management
Pradeep Yasarathna
3.3 Retirement gratuity for employees.
4.1.7. General Deposit Account
Dividends
Without taking action to recycle non-decaying waste or to generate revenue by selling them, these were being buried in the back of the land where the Solid Waste Management Center was located.
Welfare
Revised Estimate
Mr. W. N. S. Fernando
This division has 1,807,970 customers.
(c) Revenue
Changes in Accounting Policy
8. HDFC Bank of Sri Lanka –  approved.
Translation and Computerization of list of names for gazette notification
(b) No action had been taken to remit taxes amounting to Rs. 16,562,261 to the Commissioner of Inland Revenue and the Provincial Commissioner of Revenue.
21 October - 01 November
Number of employees retired
Other Income Liable for Tax
Delayed income
Bamunakotuwa
Sheets
It is expected to reach a self-sufficient level in all the prisons by utilizing the labour of prisoners by providing necessary facilities for them to carry out their rehabilitation process more systematically which assures the contribution of prisoners to the economic development of the country.
Number and the Name of the Electoral District
Cash received from other sources
It has been observed that the situation referred to above has arisen due to the non settlement of the loan balances of retired and deceased officers under the Advance “B” account of their respective institutions.
Establishment of Specialized Economic Centers with the objective of maintaining the prices of local agricultural products at a sustainable level by liaising with wholesalers, consumers and agricultural producers.
3. Health Facilities (Lavatories)
Mr. Lalith Liyanage - Head of Information Technology
In the identification of projects, the provincial authorities are expected to pay attention to the following matter.
Relevant details are shown in the Table I.
State-Owned Enterprises
Audio Visual Division
Vesak Teledrama -01,
In addition to the routine maintenance work, the Hotline Maintenance Unit also carried out the inspection of defects of the following newly constructed transmission lines prior to taking over by the Transmission Division from the Project branches.
Rs. 100 million for the promotion of agro and livestock-based industries
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
II.Housing loans
Department of Registrar General
Communication cables, power lines and pipelines
Repair & renovation of buildings
Based on the National Climate Change Policies and Adaptation Strategies published by the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy, the Climate Change Division is currently in the process of formulating an Action Plan for National Climate Change Adaptation.
The construction of the above wind plants was in progress.
From the Survey and Mapping Institute and the District Survey Offices
Chairmen of State Corporations, Statutory Boards and Companies fully owned by the Government
Meegahakivula
Transfer of Surplus Funds in Public Enterprises
The functions of the Registrar of the Supreme Court are as follows.
Design Assistant
The basis of opinion and scope and limitations of the audit are as stated above.
To be prepared project wise for each program
3.6.6 Medicinal Plant Garden Ganewatta
As a result previous gains or losses on fair value measurement accounted under capital reserve have been reversed.
6.2.3.1 Precise leveling - Diyatalawa Geodetic Branch
O. E. S. 1
Collection of revenue by local authorities is comparatively very low due to the failure of updating of statutes.
E.D.T.A
During the year under review, the Department of Commerce continued its work program on the basis of the government vision of the foreign trade and the pivotal contribution it can make towards the overall economic development of the country.
7. July
Buddhist News,
Preparation of the Action Plan – 2015 and the draft Action Plan – 2016 of the Ministry and submission to the relevant institutions
Divinaguma - Rush & Reed
Delft
Action had not been taken to take over that land by the Trust as per the Cabinet decision during the year under review.
33 1/3% of the Nation Building Tax (NBT)
Outsourcing the Services
Program to Repair Handicrafts and Accessories which are in the Underutilized Condition
Subsequently, it was extended up to 31 December 2017.
(F) Matara
2.20 Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
(ii) Failure to account for the interests of fixed assets.
Number of affected families by an Animal attack
Sri Lankans becoming an independent and sovereign nation completely free from the British rule with the Republican Constitution
Understatement of the payables
In determining the salary due to an officer as on 01.01.2016 in accordance with this circular, the relevant authorities should confirm that the salary adjustment made on or after 01.01.2006 and the salary conversion relevant to the officer has been done correctly.
10 Days
6. Budgetary Allocations for 2019
Compensation shall not be payable in following instances.
h) Whether the satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year audit report, and
Implementation of community based livelihood development programs
The variances ranging from 20 per cent to 74 per cent were observed between the estimated provision and the actual expenditure of 06 Objects in the year under review.
A prosperous thing through a sustainable rural economy
The program conducts in 2014 and benefits 692 employees through 10 programs.
All Secretaries to the Ministries
Virajith Bois-Deputy General Manager-Finance
Machinery & Tools 20%
Debit balance as at 31st December
Pinnawala Local
The following non-compliances were observed.
Human Rights Bureau
Total of Claims disallowed by the Donor, during 2014, in respect of Claims 2013 or prior years
It has been undertaken to consolildate the Evidence Ordinance and the Judicial Organization Act in September 2015.
This information was collected from organizations selected as samples within the District.
The audit of financial statements of the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation for the year ended 31 December 2012 comprising the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2012 and the comprehensive income statement, statement of changes in equity and cash flow statement for the year then ended and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information, was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154 (1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 13(1) of the Finance Act, No. 38 of 1971 and Section 16(3) of the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation Act, No. 6 of 1982.
6. Musical Programmes
Arrangements have been made to import half (1250) of them over the next three months.
As shown in the following graph, the major share of total disbursements has been recorded in IFAD assisted projects and programmes especially in the field of plantation, fisheries, irrigation, etc.
(i) The vacancies of 04, 02, 35 and 71 had existed in the posts of Senior Level, Tertiary Level, Secondary Level and Primary Level respectively and 10 excesses had existed in 3 posts of Primary Level of the Municipal Council as at the end of the year under review.
Annual inventory surveys were also conducted during the year.
Balance as at 31 December 2011
8. Renovation of Vavuniya Double Quarters
Number of Registered Licensed Surveyors as at 31.12.2014 - 2030
04. General policies in determining the eligibility of officers for transfers;
It is expected to irrigate 66 hectares of farmland under the Bathmadilla project and generate 51.3 Gigawatt hours of electricity.
(b) Those officers had been paid cargo examination fees in an unusual manner in respect of the same period for which the above overtime had been paid.
As a short-term solution, it was important to provide the Jaffna Peninsula with affordable and reliable energy generation.
Awareness for Farmers
The impact of the economic recession doomed in the year 2008 continues to be felt in the shipping industry.
Maintaining contribution to the national economy at optimal level through promoting eco-tourism in reservation areas
Divi Neguma
Inspector of Police (Mechanical)
Total of Reimbursement received after 31/12/2014 up to the finalisation of the Appropriation Account
Seminar on Effective Proposal Writing 1 day
Accordingly, the Total Number of Plots of Land Given during the Year
Inthu Makkalukku oru kaiyedu - 1,000 Copies
To design a computer network at head offices.
2.Welimada
Writ Applications
(b)Basis of measurement
Negotiations are being made for the transfer of 10 Sri Lankan Prisoners from the Maldives in due course.
10. Kahawatta
Description of Work: 8.24
1. Agriculture
Guruge Susantha Perera
Progress of the Development Activities of the District Secretariat
Construction Industry Guarantee Fund Tax
Saiva pothini (Middle Grade) - 5000 Copies
Sub-Total (Recurrent)
Dividend income is recognized at the time the right to receive payment is established.
05. Termination of Vote on Account
Rural road Development
v. Data – base creation and application
Kurusami Kalankadi Thevar
However, the Board of Directors of the Company fails to comply with this requirement even though the net assets of the Company are less than half of its stated capital.
Inspector of Police in Police Service and other regulatory services/ Chief Inspector of Police and other posts equivalent to the status of the same
Reason for non rectification
Appuhamilage Nalinda Vajiramal Jayathissa
INFORMATION SERVICES CENTRE
Profit for the year 2012-Laksala
Risk management becomes an integral part of appropriate management policy.
Netherland Islands
1) Operating Result
3.4 Transactions outside the Objectives
Basis of Preparation
Divisional Secretariat, Puttalam - Tamil Level 3
2. 2 Revenue Administration
Taxes and Local Government Taxes
Improvement of the water sources in reserved areas
Soul
Circulars
3.6 Procurements
** Two vehicles valued at Rs. 15,850,000.00 are included in the 2012 Capital Grant.
Education and Skills
One industrialist has completed the installations of machinery and doing test runs.
(c) Import of 28,249 metric tons or 576,156 bags of cement had been done in the year under review.
Matters relating to Super Regional Cumulating under the Generalized System of Preferences of the European Union
Ministry of National Coexistence, Dialogue and Official Languages and its divisions
This represents 16 percent of the total training opportunities available to Sri Lanka in 2014.
During the Year 2018
The financial transactions for the year 2018 should be finalized as at 31st December 2018 by the authorized officer.
Research and Development
Appropriate action will be taken to strengthen the situation in the future.
13. Mr. Mahinda Abeysundare (From 26.08.2011)
Refreshments
Adjustments
Batticaloa No. 03
05. Training Programme on Payment Procedures
Profit from Operating Activities
The principle act dealing with financial control of Public Enterprises in the Finance Act No 38 of 1971 and the provisions of the Act shall apply to the Board.
Trade and Other Receivables
Salary with the increment of ……… 2020: Rs. (Subjecting to the earning of the salary increment)
There will be two link roads at Peiliyagoda Interchange and Ja-Ela Interchange providing linkage from Peliyagoda-Puttalam (A3) road to the Colombo – Kandy (A1) and Tudella-Pamunugama roads respectively.
Seven awareness programs including three mini–awareness programs were held at District Secretaries office, Ampara and DS officers at Dehiattakandiya, Mahaoya and Padiyathalawa with the chairman ship of GA Ampara and respective Divisional Secretaries.
2.2.4 Lease Rent
Tel:- +94-11- 2136136
Payments had been made on the permission of the Board of Directors since payments had not been made in the previous year.
12-14 August
The payment of allowances to Chairman, Board of Directors etc. as well as the salaries and other allowances and the terms and conditions of key executive officers of state owned enterprises in this sub category will therefore be decided by the respective Board of Directors having regard to competitive market rates paid by similar institutions, the educational and competence level of the person concerned, with the concurrence of the Honorable Minister of Finance and Planning.
Quarterly Expenditure Limits
DGM (Business and Operation Strategy)
Note 17
2. Administration of the Ministry
The country's future development agenda is mainly focused on building a knowledge-based economy.
(For police officers)
Repairs in the Body Building Hall of the Sugathadasa Indoor Stadium.
Malkaduwawa No. 03 (GI) Store
Vidatha - ECS - 2013 - Ratnapura
For programmes in Kilinochchi
The above memorandum was considered with the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning and the Minister of Public Administration and Home Affairs and it was decided to grant approval as follows.
Another important element of the departmental role is production of Topographical Maps and different types of Thematic Maps that are required for development activities.
The Research & Training Unit perform their duties under the direct supervision of Director General and its administration handled by the Administration Unit.
Telephone No. ( 021-3215340, 021 - 3215341 )
Collections by other Ministries / Departments
Source - Department of National Budget
Profit/ (Loss)
The reports and plans prepared towards that end and the number of plans put into operation were as follows.
Photogrammetric Plotters
Annual Graduation and Diploma Award Ceremony - 2016 (National Institute of Social Development)
Nevertheless, the Company had not made the provision for bad and doubtful debts according to the accounting policy.
E-mail - olc@sltnet.lk
Whether the organization, systems, procedures, books, records and other documents have been properly and adequately designed from the point of view of the presentation of information to enable a continuous evaluation of the activities of the Company, and whether such systems, procedures, books, records and other documents are in effective operation.
9.	Ministry of Agriculture, Agrarian Services Centre
Mr. R. A. Gamini
Festival Advance Account
Expected Goals to be reached in year 2014
An Agreement on Trade and Economic Cooperation between Sri Lanka and Belarus was signed during the state visit of H.E the President of Sri Lanka to Belarus in August 2013, with an objective of further strengthening of bilateral trade and economic relations between the two countries.
Programme of Implementation plot:
Balance Sheet
With the flexibility in the entry requirements and choice of courses, the Institute demonstrates that it is possible to impart quality higher education using modern Information Communication Technologies to learners of the farming communities of poor rural sectors to pursue education at a pace and place convenient to them.
Maximum Monthly Tax Rent VAT (Rs.) (As per Circular 1/2016)
22. Short Term Investments
Arachchilage Kumara Sisira Jayakody
The staff not directly involved in marketing affairs were sent on retirement under a voluntary retirement scheme in the year 2011, costing the organization about Rs. 50 million.
3.6 Delayed Projects
Industrial Development Division
Social Infrastructure
Repairs & maintenance – Other expenses
Where the President has, by Proclamation published in the Gazette, directed the Commissioner of Elections to conduct a Referendum, the day for taking of the poll at such Referendum shall be “a day not earlier than thirty days from the date of publication of the Proclamation”.
Duties and Responsibilities
Coconut oil production
Together with Samurdhi Bank, CEB continues to provide financial assistance to the low-income level consumers, across the country with the “Viduli Athwela” programme.
Mr. Prageeth Kadadunna
Of these, 11 projects have been completed and 22 projects are under construction.
About 219 programs were conducted in the year 2015.
Regional Workshop on Sharing Experience and Progress Made in Establishing a National Strategy for Education and Training in Radiation, Transport and Waste Safety
Number of Provincial Council Members
(2) Transactions
Preliminary and Secondary Level
Following the approval of this training manual by the Ministry, the Asia Foundation will conduct a training program for trainers to increase the capacity of the Ministry's staff.
Preparation of National Budget Estimate for 2015
were the main reasons.
Pasgoda
Mr.N.Manmatharajan
(b) Even though the balance of the cash book of special account as at 31 December of the year under review amounted to Rs. 11,987,227 it was shown as Rs. 11,914,628 in the financial statements.
2.2.1 Sri Lanka Accounting Standards
The Bill has been drafted including recommendations made by the National Human Rights Action Plan.
Prepayments
State Ministry of Child Affairs
Tax is recognized in the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
Establishment of Rural Elders Committees
(II) Other Deposits
General Administration and Institutional Services
The following matters were observed.
Numeric Table - 38
Considering long term training opportunities received by the Government of Sri Lanka, most of the post graduate diplomas and masters level degrees are offered to junior middle level officers to enhance their academic and professional skills which are required for their future career development.
The eight transmission projects;
Electoral District/ Filling of vacancies under Article - 99 A of the Constitution
3rd Quarter     2,514,412.45 2,913,784 36
Base Line Road Project – Phase III - 2017
Angajan Ramanathan
He also served as a director on the director boards of Lanka Electricity Company (Pvt) Ltd and LTL Holdings (Pvt) Ltd, which are subsidiary companies of the Ceylon Electricity Board.
No.: 4
12.1. In terms of the instructions provided by the Management and Audit Circular dated 09.06.2009, 4 Audit Committee meetings should be conducted during a Management Year.
Special Christmas telecast,
-Organizing Sri Lanka’s participation in important international trade exhibitions/events.
I hereby certify that the information furnished in this form by Mr./Mrs/Ms ............................... were compared with his/her service records and found to be correct and he/ she is serving in a post in Class 3 of Sri Lanka Information and Communication Technology Service and he/ she is qualified to sit for this examination.
Implementation of the National Budget
Project Financing
Schedule I
Expenditure for issuing certificates
1 year
Management of the Trust/ Estate Properties
4. Relevant appointing authorities shall take action to grant permanent appointments with effect from 24.10.2014 to all employees, who become eligible as per the provisions of this Circular, in the same posts to which they have been recruited under the service categories mentioned above.
Institute of Accountants of Sri Lanka
I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Total debt
Further, when any receipts mentioned above cannot be related to any category of deposits referred to in the annexure O1 and such receipts are being constantly collected, a new deposit account category can be obtained from the Department of State Accounts by forwarding adequate information for the same.
The project partner Ministry is the Ministry for National Languages and Social Integration (MNLSI) in Sri Lanka.
Mr. A. A. Pradeep Abeysinghe
Anuradhapura North Water Supply Project (Phase I)
CO 02
Expenditure Summary 261-1-1-0-2104 - Net allocation for buildings and construction was Rs. 60,000,000.00.
Other functions assigned in accordance with amendments made after the Public Trustee Ordinance and other written laws
If a field search is required after a customer submits a request, the customer will be notified about the scheduled date of the investigation at the time the request is recorded.
Sri Lanka becoming a state accountable for people
The National Water Supply and Drainage Board (NWSDB) has gained approval for funding from local banks up to Rs. 29.1 billion to invest in water supply projects in 2013 and in June 2014, up to Rs.10.0 billion for additional 4 water supply projects.
Unfortunately, the Comet did not survive during its perihelion passage around Sun on 28th October 2013 and the research had to be abandoned.
3.Thanamalwila
Summary of the activities during the year 2014
A media conference to create awareness among working people for National Occupational Safety and Health Week was held under the patronage of Hon. Mr. Gamini Lokuge, Minister of Labour and Labour Relations.
This new initiative is intended to expedite the processing of investigating and disposal of cases of child abuse in less than one year from the date of complaint to the police.
It provides the biggest contribution to the Water Supply sector.
Construction of tube well
The Chemical Weapons Convention is an international treaty on the Prohibition of the development, production, stockpiling, and use of chemical weapons and on their destruction.
Third Quarter
Distribution Division 1: Colombo City, North Western Province, North Central Province, and Northern Province
I certify that it is correct.
With the objective of improving the knowledge in the languages 1,200 officers were given training in the Tamil Language whereas 800 officers underwent studies in the English Language.
That Bill was passed in the Parliament to be in force with effect from 01-09-1999 and this National Sports Complex has been established as the Sugathadasa National Sports Complex Authority from this date.
J. K. N. C. Perera
If I conclude that a material uncertainty exists, I am required to draw attention in my audit report to the related disclosures in the financial statements.
Even though the Prices Reserved Account should be used in accordance with the provision in Section 14 (2) of the Act, contrary to that a sum of Rs. 548.7 million had been credited to the Consolidated Fund.
Formulation of policies, plans, and programmes in respect of the machinery for administration of justice.
Downloads
It is hereby informed to make relevant officers aware of the aforesaid period of concession.
SN: 15.
Accordingly, the Deduru Oya Water Supply Scheme has been funded an amount of US $ 58.2 million while the Ruwanwella Water Supply Project has been funded an amount of US $ 20.5 million and the related agreements were signed between Sri Lanka and Korea in December 2014.
When an officer travels abroad for an official purpose indicated in Para 03 above is not provided an insurance cover by the foreign Government of Donor Agency for the period of foreign travel, an insurance cover not exceeding the limit of Rs.2,400,000.00 shall be obtained through Head of the Institute.
Media Programmes
Commercial Agreement has been signed with a China Company for implementing the project under lump sum fixed price for US$ 690 million in November 2014.
Vavuniya and Kilinochchi districts fall on the Dry Zone of Sri Lanka and identification of available groundwater sources are very essential for future development works.
Providing Spectacles
Vavunatheevu
Accrual  Bills
This will be monitored during the financial year for consideration of imprest releases.
Linkages with different institutions for meeting requirements of Ranaviru family members through Skills development projects
Progress as at 31.12.2014
Further, at the election, the official poll cards of the postal voters were stamped and handed over.
Litho Printing Machines
Upon passing the Official Language Proficiency Written Examination
The monthly newspaper "Wanadivi Sariya" was launched in March 2013 and on 11 July  2014, the winners of the newspaper's first-anniversary quiz competition were awarded prizes with the patronage of the Ceylon Newspapers Company Ltd.
Middeniya
9. Providing office equipment to the Northern Province Department of Animal Production and Health
Postal Charges
Vehicles
Provisions by Ministry
Fax - 045 2264552
In 2014, the Ministry of Industry and Commerce has planned to set up 2 factories.
National Languages Project provided technical aid to two key functions of this Ministry, under the Public Participation Fund.
Revenue from using golf cars
(a) National Film Policy issued by the Ministry of Finance and Planning on 17 June 1999 and Section 6.5 of the Guideline thereon
Creating public awareness and educating the general public on the use of drugs (prevention) and its consequences
Action has been taken to implement some urgent transmission development projects such as the augmentation of Kiribathkumbura grid substation, the addition of transformers to Maho, Naula, Valachchenai, Monaragala, and Polonnaruwa grid substations, with funds saved under the ongoing ADB funded projects.
(A) Standards 03 and 05
Special attention is needed in respect of the following areas of control.
Kasadoruge Sujith Sanjaya Perera
23 ‘Samurdhi’ Development & Agro Research Assistants’ Co-operative Thrift & Savings Society Ltd. 05
Food Research Unit – Gannoruwa
Markets
Thibbatu
The balance of the working creditors in the year under review had been overstated by Rs. 1,439,878.
Past-service costs are recognized immediately in income, unless the changes to the pension plan are conditional on the employee remaining in service for a specified period of time (the vesting period). In this case, the past-service costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
ii. An advance balance of Rs. 6,666,978 - the details of which was not to be found and a sum of Rs. 761,854 receivable from an Authority remained unsettled over a long period.
Western 6,238,525
Casual Basis
2017 Future Program for the closing of cash accounts for the financial year 2017
Management Assistant (4), Sports Officer (3), Sports Coach (1), Ground Draftsman (1)
The directors are also required to ensure that the company has adequate resources to continue in operation to justify applying the going concern basis in preparing these financial statements.
In 1978, Groundwater Division of the Irrigation Department was transferred to the Water Resources Board and functions of the Board were expanded and commenced the implementation activities.
Number of agents appointed
Residency
(Department of Elections – Until 16th November 2015)
9th, 10th, 11th November
Assistant Director (Stores)
19. EXCISE ORDINANCE
Holding a training workshop for the prefects attached to the Habaraduwa, Imaduwa, Akmeemana Divisional Secretariats on 30.08.2015.
The interest payments are not paid as the cinema hall was established under the Board of Investment.
Should be complied with relevant Financial Rule.
Physical progress as at 31.12.2014
I conducted my audit in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards.
07. COURTS OF LAW
3.1. Management Inefficiencies
Ms. Sisara Sanjeewani
Rs.5,346,585.15
Table 1.1.3.2: Production of basic seeds during 2013
Droughts, flood, landslides and storms can be considered as the hazards more frequently experienced in Sri Lanka.
Local – Training Programs
The General Treasury provides funds for this purpose as follows.
Action should be taken to make disclosures in the Accounts.
(ii) Total loss of sense of smell
I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my audit opinion.
Senior Management
Deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of the audit were brought to the notice of the Commissioner General from time to time.
Before 31st July
Travelling Expenses 31/12/2013
Parliamentary Affairs
Strengthening of the Legal Provisions
Stamp imprest
Language ability for Hindu Priest and Aranery School Teachers
Restricted Funds
Soranathota Pradeshiya Sabha
Benthara Ganga Right Bank Drainage & Salt Water Extrusion Schemes
Coordinate
44,047 results sheets and 297 certificates (Old) have been issued.
The Board of Directors of Lanka Logistics & Technologies Ltd is committed to business integrity and professionalism in all its activities.
Hetharaliyadda,
Project
The Department of National Budget will approve the quarterly estimates of each expenditure head, based on the information uploaded through CIGAS, and propose revisions, if any.
(d) The period of service in any district under a any Department / Ministry will be treated as the service in that Department / Ministry.
However, other related programmes are also produced.
A Memorandum of Understanding was signed by the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka with Asian Development Bank on 15 February 2008 and the Loan Agreement had been amended accordingly on 27 May 2008 to change the scope of the Project.
My objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes my opinion.
623 Eththale
Orugodawatta
Female Officer
Vaviniya 01
The improvement of Padeniya – Anuradhapura Road Porject:
Possible increase of costs on compensation and interest payments thereon
5.	Eastern
Independent transactions with Key Management Personal and transactions with the close family members (CFMs) of the KMPs, if any, also been have taken into consideration in the following disclosure.
The total liability is calculated on the basis of half month initial salary and half month's cost of living as at 31st December of each employee.
Mapiya Surakum Programme
Rajanganaya
Decrease
Role of the Government Analyst in D.N.A. Analysis
Provisions for the use of bio-metric signatures and the prevention of fraud are included at the time of signing of the deed.
Police Certificates for misplaced National Identity Cards are issued free of charge.
Distribution Unit 2
This fund was established in 1974 with the aim of improving the economies of developing countries.
To formulate policies, programmes and projects relevant to national languages and social Integration
Grama Niladhari Division: Narahenpita
Prepared jointly by JICA/Survey Department (2010-2011)
Ms. D.N.K. Kalansuriya
0112484639 (Fax)
Delays in shifting of existing shops at the ground floor
Since 1952, Sri Lanka is receiving a significant amount of financial and technical assistance from United Nations (UN) agencies such as United Nations Development Progaramme (UNDP), Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), United Nations Children's Fund (UNCEF), World Food Programme (WFP), United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), World Health Organization (WHO), UN Habitat, International Labour Organization (ILO) and International Fund for Agriculture Development (IFAD) for the implementation of various projects and programmes mainly in the fields of agriculture, fisheries, environment, health, education, livelihood development,  disaster relief etc.
Since it is endemic to Sri Lanka, there are strict rules regarding timber trading or transporting of this wood.
Long-Term Relief and Restoration Operations Programme
Additions during the year
Vavuniya South
In addition, the project will develop ahead of 722 m for the production of electricity in a power plant with a rated capacity of 120 MW with an expected annual energy output of 290 GWh.
18. Reviewing the issuance of licenses and enforcement of regulations relating to the protection of the environment
Actions should be taken to recover the non-performing loans.
Cheques for Rupees one lakh each were provided to 363 Hindu temples through Divisional Secretaries for the rehabilitation of Hindu temples in the Northern and Eastern Provinces.
Caravan Equipment
1.3.1 Accounting Deficiencies
In concurrence to that, a survey was conducted by Official Languages Commission whether exhibition stalls constructed in exhibition premises were in compliance to the Official Languages Policy.
3.2 Analytical Financial Review
8.6 In case, where the Head of Department wishes to retain an officer who is expected to be transferred, in his department for another year on exigency of service, a clarification should be made by the Head of Department along with the recommendation of the Secretary of Ministry, at the meantime the recommended transfer applications are forwarded to the Director General of Combined services.
As at 2012.04.01
Mr. K.A. Darshana Kulatunga/Mr. H.A.C. Arangalla
This situation may cause more floods, hurricanes and droughts in the future.
This Bill makes provision for providing assistance and protection to victims and witnesses.
At the auditorium of the Mahawewa Divisional Secretariat
Oshada
The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future benefit that employees have earned in return for their services in the current and prior period.
Approval for Departmental Procurement Committee recommendations (Supplement No.28) has been given in respect of 263 items for the Department of Police.
Wildlife Conservation Activities under Moragahakanda Project
4. Encourage the communities to identify valuable biological resources for conservation, and to provide them with appropriate technology
The functions of the Arthur C Clarke Institute for Modern Technologies as specified in the Act are as follows.
Head, Materials Technology Section
A detailed report in terms of Section 13(7)(a) of the Finance Act was issued to the Chairman of the Board on 09 September 2013.
Construction of Field Officer's Office and the Storeroom
Further, no action had been taken to monitor the progress on utilization of the assets transferred to the Institutions by the Project.
One such training center is available in each of the 5 divisional secretariat divisions.
Accountant (Acting)
- Rs. 11.9 million
Deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the Director General of Customs from time to time.
For the first time in Sri Lanka, an eco-friendly semi-insulated, medium voltage cable 5 km long has been used in the distribution network.
Especially, the people living in the highlands find it difficult to get water during the dry season.
Appointing and all other activities of registrar of birth, marriage and death and sudden death inquirers.
The Company has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions.
4.9 As per the Section 117(1) of the Presidential Elections Act, the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation and the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation provided free telecasting and broadcasting facilities for the contesting candidates and the total time given for the campaign of 19 candidates was 28 hours and 30 minutes.
Space Technology Application Division / Space Technology Division / Astronomy Division
Bilateral
The event will be attended by the Heads of the Ministry of Social Empowerment and Welfare and its affiliates and the authors who have contributed academic articles to these books.
The programmes implemented by the Commission to achieve the above objectives are under the following 04 categories.
2.2.5 Unexplained Differences
7th Floor, State Engineering Corporation Building,
A sum of Rs. 248,359 further remained recoverable as at 31 December of the year under review.
The Quarterly Meetings of the Audit Management Committee chaired by the Committee of the District Secretary are held on the following dates.
Two Traction Control Units
Public Administration Circular: 10/2014 (I)
A formal agreement in that connection had not been entered into in terms of the Guidelines 8.9.1 and 8.9.3 of the procurement Guidelines Circular.
The bill has been sent to the Ministry of Prisons and Rehabilitation for inclusion of necessary amendments and the suggestions presented have been forwarded to Department of Legal Draftsman.
State Resources Management Corporation
Date of the first appointment
To deal with transfers among the Departments of a Ministry
Diploma on Translation Studies (part time)
1.3.6. Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations, and Management Decisions
11. Training on Financial Regulations and Procurement Procedures
Inventory
As well as the low demand in the dry season
Annex 30
Regional Training Course on Radiation Cancer Treatment
They could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
13.09.2011-Anuradhapura  Northern camp
12. Plant survey activities
Saudi Arabia
REVENUE ESTIMATES FOR GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS & HOUSING RENT "20.02.01.01" - 2021
Additional Director (Operation)                                           Addl. Director
Workshops and training Programmes in year 2015 for the officers
For Further Details
Providing technical assistance for the introduction of Quinoa crop for food security
Stamp Duty constitutes the highest contribution of all the revenue sources. Amounts collected through the main sources of provincial revenue in 2014 and 2015 (up to June) are given in Tables 2 and 3.
Establishing management corporations in condominium property of which the ownership has been transferred.
Translations of 3035 pages of 723 documents of government and semi-government institutions were completed in 2014.
The Directors are of the view that they have discharged their responsibilities as set out in this Statement.
Institutional and Policy Support: Head Office Building
(b) Even though only 5 per cent of the income from the conduct of the Sampath Rekha Lottery had been credited to the Consolidated Fund, 25.5 per cent comprising 20.75 per cent to the Fiftieth Anniversary celebrate Fund and 4.75 per cent to the Board had been retained for the proposes of the Board.
Akuressa
Department:
Conducted at Kokkeralla Uthurubav Vihara, Kurunagala from 08.11.2014 to 9.11.2014.
Construction of Ahangama Shopping Complex
The increase of net revenue of the Commercial Printing Department and decrease of cost of sale of the newspapers and periodicals were mainly attributed to the improvement in the financial results for the year under review.
Development of strategies, master plans and action plans to implement policies related to environment and natural resources.
3. Converting the ground floor of the Colombo Chief Magistrate's Court into a Case Record room
Building of New Prison Complex in Jaffna
Governor’s Office - Central Province
The Officers formed into groups were assigned to inspect the respective places allocated to the Ministry of Wildlife Resources Conservation once  a fortnight and directed to use methods such as using Dunks Bacteria, used engine oil and BTI to control mosquito breeding.
In terms of the Circular, financial statements should be furnished together with the draft annual report.
Performance
However, the remedial charges amounting to Rs. 7.3 million for 02 contractors had been released due to the time extensions.
(a) Instead of drawing cheques in favour of the recipient, a cash cheque for Rs.412,200 had been drawn.
Province: Western
Ministry of Co-operatives
Even though a Kubota land master and a motorcycle had remained idle for many years, no action had been taken to dispose of them on the recommendations of the Annual Board of Survey.
In addition, this Division also handles overtime, travel expenses, loans, and advances of employees of all the above institutions, auction of goods confiscated by the courts, and approval of bail by public officers.
Recurrent Expenditure by Project
The Ministry of Languages and Integration supported the Creating Awareness Programme for the staff of the Official Languages ​​Department; Official Languages ​​Commission and National Language Education and Training Institutions including the Languages ​​Division; Planning Division; Social Integration Division; and the  National Integration Promotion Assistants and Coordinators on the fundamentals of gender equality in the Workplace.
Necessary funds have been provided by the Treasury to carry out the activities as per the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers.
4. Coordinate and Guide the Internal Audit Units.
3.2 By Cross Entries (12)
Marketing Officer
Clean Energy & Access Improvement Project - System Control Centre Modernization Project
Special Spending Units
Board Special Fund
Narahenpita
Cultivated Area (acres)
Materials Laboratory (ML)
1.3 Providing equipment for Arts Institutions
According to the agreements entered by the Project on hiring of motor vehicles, a maximum limit of 2500 kilometers per month is permitted and additional charges are need to be paid for excess kilometers.
Action should be taken in accordance with laws, rules and regulations.
Entrepreneurship Mobilization
B. L. N. Lakmali
Trincomalee
Kattankudy (Manmunaipattu)
Expenditure incurred by other Ministries / Departments under Monetary Regulation 208 (as per Treasury printed notes)
Industrial and electronic laboratory equipment
Other liabilities excluding the Provision Transferred to Deposit Account with the approval of the Treasury
Form No: T. O. D. / I. M. P. / 9
Arasaretthinam Yogananthan
In addition, my total staff attached to the District Secretariat perform their duties with utmost dedication in order of fulfill the necessities through modern technological methods with regard to the General public in the District.
Ganewatta Forest Medicine Park
13. Loans & other receivables
To contribute to create a rice market with high quality rice free of poisonous chemicals by the release of qualitative rice to the market
It is believed that the plans were drawn up by Mr. Doric and built under their own supervision.
Assessment
04. Karachchi
Receipts
The Annual Appropriation Account and the Annual Reconciliation Statement in respect of Advances to the Public Officer’s Accounts for the year 2014 have been submitted to the Auditor General.
Completed the procurement of equipment for the erection of 72 km long electric fence.
1.2 Implementation, Objectives, Funding and Duration of the Project
Since the subject now comes under the Ministry of Prison Reforms, the same has been referred to the said Ministry.
Office System Inspection (Number of Officers)
Livelihood Development, 18.2%
Accordingly, you are kindly informed to prepare and carry out a programme to celebrate the Republic day in your office/institution on 22nd of May paying attention on the followings.
Trade and Other Payables
Crops for timber
Action should be taken according to the Establishment Code.
Cashier
Generalized System of Preference (GSP)
IARS World Bank Fund
National Rifle Association
(iii) License Fees 772 1,189 1,189 - 742 932 932 -
5. Liabilities and Provisions
However, the selling price of cement could not be increased as the competitive cement market prices were low.
The Annual Report should have been tabled in Parliament before the lapse of 10 months after the end of the financial year in terms of Section 4.3 of the Finance Act No.38 of 1971.
Establishment of Ratnapura Divisional Secretariat for public service
(a) Identification of Sustainable Urban Infrastructure
Nachchadoowa, Padawiya, Manupa, Kebithigollewa
UK Steel Bridge Project:
Through its overseas Trade Representation, the DOC also extended necessary guidance and assistance toward promotion of foreign direct and portfolio investment and Sri Lanka tourism as well.
3.1 Composition of Staff (Approved cadre of Permanent Staff)
Action should be taken to collect the rent according to the valuation reports.
Board of Directors
Filling the vacancy in the post of Chief Internal Auditor of the Ministry staff in the year 2015 with the arrival of an officer on 06.07.2015
Disbursement (USD million)
Customs Officers Reward Fund - 2012
It engages in the coordination of Sports Associations/Federations as well.
Including that, the total amount receivable stood at Rs 3,813,833.27.
9.2.1. By letter No. 75/10/5168 dated 04.03.2015 of Secretary to the Ministry of Public Administration, Provincial Councils, Local Government and Democratic Governance, Mr. Indika Gayan Pathirana of Class III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service, who was attached to this Department from 02.04.2015  was appointed as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Moneragala District Elections Office with effect from 18.05.2015.
(b) Actions had not been taken to pay in accordance with the agreement, the loan of Rs.1,150,000 obtained from the local loans and Development Fund on 07 July 2003 for developing the weekend fair and the loan of Rs.800,000 obtained on 16 November 2007 for purchase of motorcycles.
Socializations
Note (6) - Cash and Cash Equivalents - Rs.
Marketing Stall and Exhibition
Work in Progress
Temple Development Program - Manmunai North
Mr. J. M. A. Jayarathna
Furniture & Fittings 10%
According to that, the Ministry has allocated Rs 53.75Mn last year.
35 MVAr at Sapugaskanda Grid Substation
The Project had commenced its activities on 26 June 2017 and is scheduled to be completed by 30 June 2023.
Marketing & Distribution
g. Decommissioning liabilities included in the cost of property, plant and equipment, since the Company does not have decommissioning liabilities relating to property, plant and equipment.
The Service rendered by him to the Department is appreciated.
Ratios
The workshop was attended by 200 trainers and was mainly facilitated by two lecturers from the Institute of Physical Education, India.
Resolution of crimes are on a gradual increase as against reported crimes
Disciplinary Procedure
5.4 Budgetary Document Control
Instructions regarding the enumeration of electors in all electoral districts were issued to District Registering Officers on 11.03.2015 and the Commissioner of Elections informed the Secretaries of the recognized political parties on 11.03.2015 about the procedure of appointing their representatives relating to the revision.
How the monthly stipend is set
It provided an opportunity for students to discuss target questions and answers and enable them to practice answering question papers in order to prepare themselves to face the examination.
As a result, the Company had borrowed a sum of Rs. 175 million with a view to mitigating the working capital issues.
Transfer of capital
Various Training Courses conducted by the National Institute of Language Education and Training in the year 2014
Computers repairs and maintenance
3.7) Under this program, 2129 no. of mango plants, 39 hectares of papaw plants, 6380 No. of coconut plants, 18000 No. of pepper plants, 1700 No. of orange plants, 630 No. of grape plants cultivated in selected major irrigation area to enhance farmer family income through home garden development.
Notice board at Madupara Sanctuary
Research Officer, Grain Legume & Oil Crops Research & Development Centre
Providing development aid and guidance.
Website is being updated by the departmental staff.
In 1954, the first enumeration of electors was done based on the assessment number or householder’s number under food control and a separate form or several forms was/ were used for each house.
3.4. Management Auditing of the Ministry of Finance and Treasury Departments
Bank and cash in hand
The teachers who are capable to get through the 05 days Teacher Training examination after participating the Programme only are qualified to be participated as a teacher in island wide language training programmes conducted by the Institute.
Presidential Media Unit
Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services rendered in the ordinary course of business.
Ministry of Cultural Affairs
Periya Pandivirichchan East
(SLPS)
Their main services
Project 1
5.13.1 Appropriation Accounts by Program - 2015 D.G.S.A. - 2
It was a great achievement that all the nominations for the documentary programs were from the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation Documentary Unit at the Award Ceremonies.
Hence, the study was undertaken to find out the critical moisture level for the minimum hard seed formation in different varieties.
As the second step thereof, 402.93 hectares were cultivated in the year 2013.
(a) Provisional
08.Social Integration week
A procurement plan for the year under review had not been prepared in terms of Guideline 2.4.1 of the Government Procurement Guidelines.
(a) Actions had not been taken to recover the lease rent of Rs. 307,915 receivable for leasing of assets from the year 2011 to 2015.
Periya Tank - Mahiloor
The Law Commission of Sri Lanka was established under the Law Commission Act No. 03 of 1969.
A total number of 31, consisting of school teachers, public and private sector employees, representatives from Language Associations, and other selected persons participated in the programme.
Retirement type
From year 2007 up to 31.03.2012
Ridee Tharaka (Popular Sinhala Chart Show)
Recommendation for issuing licenses for gem mining
Gama Neguma Program
Charges for halls Rs.10400.00
I. To grant casual leave for two days (02) per month for trainees who have completed a training period of nine months (09).
Schedule 01-Category of Countries
(i) Rule 193
Research and making recommendations pertaining to the problems related to leaf monkeys and toque monkeys.
That was 474.1 millimeters.
Heads of Departments and
Sergeant Major (Mechanical)
Retail business
This is mainly due to higher importation of petroleum products, textiles and textile articles.
5. Ranaviru Villages Project
Commercial promotional expenses (25%)
Masonry
5. Performance
Action should be taken as per the order of Committee of Public Accounts.
The relevant formats should be prepared separately for each programme and only the consolidated figures should be incorporated in the final financial statements.
1. Maintenance activities and repairs of the sewage plants of the Gampaha and Negombo national hospitals.
Calling for applications for financial assistance to the staff of the University of Moratuwa who were in distress due to medical / accident situations
(I) General Deposits
The Directors, to the best of their knowledge and belief, are satisfied that all statutory payments in relation to the government and employees have been paid up to date.
5.2 When calculating the period of service, first day of January of the year on which the officer reported for duty should be treated as the first day of his service.
2. Home Management and Family Development Programme
Kurunegala
(c) Provision of Rs. 900,000 had been made during the year under review to conduct conferences and exhibitions.
(I) Conducting of Counselling Meetings
The role of the Management Assistants is to perform the duties which require special skills other than  multi-tasking and non–technical, and supportive to the officers at Executive, Management, and Administrative levels.
(b) Even though the construction of the building of the Solid Waste Management Centre on a contracted value of Rs. 3,602,730, should have been completed before 30 August 2017, the construction had not been completed even by 12 December 2017 and the liquidated damages amounting to Rs. 94,571 had not been recovered.
When a settlement cannot be reached in disputes involving elders, LAC refers these to the Elders Maintenance Board.
3.1. Transactions of Contentious Nature
Training Course on Human Resources
Dr.  I. D. V. L. Dharmawardene
16. PREVENTION OF CRIMES (AMENDMENT) Bill
Failure to attend three consecutive meetings of the Council withut permission
Progress from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015
Sums of Rs. 341,070 and Rs. 128,023 had been earned through the sale of fertilizer and non-degradable waste respectively whist a sum of Rs. 351,418 had been recovered as garbage tax.
The funds due from the Ceylon Fisheries Corporation should be recovered.
In view of the promotion of long-lasting inter-ethnic co-existence through fine arts media, “Mihisara Festival” represented by Mahinda Rajapaksa Vidyalaya, Homagama and “Dhawala Bheeshana” Exhibition represented by Thrikonee Cultural Foundation.
Further, the sub imprest aggregating to Rs. 4.35 million had been released in 42 occasions had been settled with delays of period ranging from 01 week to 03 months.
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
5. Imbulpe
Although having a surplus of one unapproved executive grade post had been problematic, the existence of 07 other vacancies along with 08 non-executive level vacancies had been a challenge to the continuation of the operations of the Corporation.
Assets/ Properties
Mrs. Tamara Dissanayake
Doha Qatar    22
T. P. - 0452262777
Name of the Road / Bridge: Thirukkondiyadimadu - Trincomelee road (A15 road)
10. Participating at a function for handing over of deeds to the Ranaviru families of the Salawa Ranaviru village
PunyaGrama Program
The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
High levels of nitrate have been reported in groundwater.
Motor Cycles
During the year under review and the preceding year, the Company had incurred a sum of Rs. 628,500 and Rs. 854,749 as salaries and wages respectively, without obtained any services from this Branch.
3.5.1 Supplies and Services
Kuwait
43 officers out of the 73 officers invited participated.
Sectoral Distribution of Total Commitments in 2014
Other Operating Expenses
Creating an environment conducive to the commitment of the state and political sectors to good environmental management
Head Quarters of the Authority
3 Youth Camps have been held on 2014
Under this program a provision of Rs. 239.97 million has been allocated for 166 sports grounds in 18 Districts for the year 2015 and the development of rural sports grounds and school sports grounds are included in this project.
Mr.D.D.C.P. Kularathna
The letter is going to send to call information to the relevant department and reply will be send very soon.
A register had not been maintained in Form P.S.45 to document the fixed assets of the Siyodagama Solid Waste Centre.
Water is brought to this lake through a canal in Malwathu Oya over 16.25 miles.
Additionally, five Operations Co-ordination Committees (Kuruwita, Ratnapura, Balangoda, Godakawela, Opanayaka) have been established in the Ratnapura District.
Further, with regard to the programme of restructuring Sri Lankan Airlines and Mihin Lanka Ltd, treasury bonds amounting to Rs. 26.11 billion were issued to CPC.
Mullaitivu
Protection of Equipment and Data Systems From lightning surges 1 day
We also remember with gratitude the blessings of His Excellency the President, the Hon. Minister of Mass Media and Information, Secretary to the Ministry and the support of our Board of Directors.
Company has not consolidated the financial statements of the subsidiary as a result of the decision taken at the Board meeting held on March 20 March 2006 to wind up the subsidiary.
Chithrameny Vairavar Temple, Jaffna
Coordinating and timely submitting the observations of the department for Cabinet papers
Repairs of Judges' Quarters, Staff Quarters and Ancillary Building
Sales cost also rose as the dollar appreciated in late 2011.
The amount released is Rs. Million.
Deputy Director (2)
Debited during the year
This exercise is continued until the preferences received by all parties and groups are separately prepared and handed over to the Returning Officer.
Ranaviru Children’s Savings Investment Scholarships
Furniture and Office Equipments
07. This Circular which is issued with the concurrence of the Department of Pensions, the Department of National Budget and the Department of Treasury Operations, can be downloaded from the website of the Department of State Accounts of the General Treasury.
Thimbirigasyaya
File Number
Out of this amount, the highest value, USD 2,330 million (77 percent of the total amount) stands for roads and bridges sector.
Koswatta,
Annexure 1 - 31st December 2013
Select Division
Hence such a presentation method is adopted.
2. Engaging in labour activities
No. of Scholarships ceased
After the Cabinet Memorandum was submitted to the Cabinet, a request was again made to increase the number of High Court Judges up to 92.
This office is located in a modern Seven Storied Building near the Main Bus stand and Railway Station in Galle, on the Galle-Colombo Main Road.
Books -  109
Kuchchaveli
Investigations into the misuse of government funds
Net Provisions for 2014 Rs.
Media outreach was given for the activities conducted during the social integration week.
Conducting the "Hela Rasa Saraniya Program" in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture, Southern Province.
Southern 5,412 9
Water sampling
46 All Island Ornamental Plants & Orchids Co-operative Society Ltd 12
The role of the Attorney General's Department is summarized as follows.
(iv) Other Buildings
Divisional Secretariat - Four Gravets, Galle
Housing Project
In addition, repairs to these machines have been made as needed.
Decided to launch the pension scheme, jointly implemented by the National Secretariat for Elders and the Social Security Board of Sri Lanka for the International Elders Day 2007 under the supervision of the Ministry of Social Services and Social Welfare,  with effect from 01st January 2008.
Annual Report 2011 - Sustainable Energy Authority of Sri Lanka
Role of the Institution
All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the statement of comprehensive income during the financial period in which they are incurred.
Water Supply
Members of the Staff who were Serving at Tower Hall Theatre Foundation as at 31.12.2012
Division:
Details of significant related party disclosures are as follows.
Expenditure on Extension Projects
Ramachandran Sivachchanthiran
Incur expenditure within the revised Budget Estimates for 2014
iv. To implement the community policing concept
Advances and Others
8. Date, time and place at which the injury/accident occurred:-
Jan Diriya Fund (Gramodaya Board Fund)
The five bridges have already been opened for the use of the public and the road work is nearing completion.
At the end of this process, the contractor is expected to submit a report on its understanding on the  functionalities involved in Treasury operations.
Accurate and timely financial and management reports, generated in accordance with accounting principles and standards and were submitted to other divisions and the Board of Directors to take informed and responsive decisions.
Net Effect Savings/(Excess)
Public Administration Circular: 31/2001 (XI)
South-Asian Free Trade Area (SAFTA)
Progress up to December, 2015 - Development of Jaffna groundwater monitoring Network.
Number of Beneficiaries
Date of Registration
Mr. Gaya Ramya Alwis
The annual procession held during the month of July to August can be known as the grand cultural display.
Deputy Director (Planning)
Mrs. K.V.C.Dilrukshi
Senior Scientific Officer, Life Sciences Division, Atomic Energy Authority
Lunawa Samudra Shakthi Management Corporation
Mr. S.J. Aamarasinghe
Further, the same Bank Current Account had been maintained for the above mentioned Projects.
Head Office - No. 10, De Mel Road, Katubedda, Moratuwa
Deputy Minister - Ministry of Social Empowerment, Welfare and Kandyan Heritage
Nineteen polling stations in Puttalam and Anuradhapura districts were established for these voters.
The number of letters posted to schools within this year totaled to 709.
Statement of Financial Position–Project Division
Further, Tamil literature and cultural festival was also conducted in Polonnaruwa and Badulla Districts and over 365 public participated and benefitted.
Promotion of eco—tourism within the National Parks
Department of Excise
Study on P type Cygni stars
RFID Library Automation - NTPC (Communication Division)
2.3.6 Court Fines and Stamp Fees
Gama Neguma Special Projects
Servicing of the OLTC of 31.5 MVA 132/33 kV transformer No. 1 at the Embilipitiya grid substation
Farming, Animal Husbandry, Broom/ Besom Making
Lady Ridgeway Children Hospital
Created using Satellite Images (2009)
12. Balance for 31 days
3.13 Defined Contribution Plans
Transport loan
05. Management Assistants
Through Cash
Report of Auditor General 2012
Public Administration Circular: 04/2013
(c) Out of the proceeds of a Loan obtained by the Road Development Authority, a sum of Rs. 1,100 million had been allocated to carry out activities under the Project.
The Chief Accounting Officers and Accounting Officers are responsible for managing the expenditure within the limits of provisions of recurrent and capital expenditure as provided in Budget Estimates 2016.
Progress reports are prepared monthly, quarterly, and annually and submitted to the top management and to the Ministry of Finance and Planning.
Outcomes of the programme
Main Divisions of the National Secretariat for Non-Governmental Organizations
Financial Regulation 570
His Excellency President,
Audit Committee reviewed the following for the year concerned.
Annual Report 2012 - Central Environmental Authority
Mr. C. Weerasekera
Nalika Gunaratne
With the implementation of this project, it is expected to increase the country's liquid milk production.
Information and Communication Assistant
Construction Performance for the Year 2013
Ridi reyak,
Ministry of Public Management Reforms
Transport Unit
Responsibility of the Management for Financial Statements
Mr. R.D.T.A. Wimaladasa
The monthly salary and adjustment allowance of the gross salary of the personal staff of the Ministers and coordinating secretaries to the Secretaries of the Ministries should be revised as mentioned in Schedule IV.
In view of the fact that the City of Colombo being the metropolis in Sri Lanka is of vital importance as the capital city and commercial city.
Cost-Based Technology specific Three Tier Tariff
5.3 ACCOUNTS DIVISION
Prior to the certification of the electoral register, the draft register was exhibited at District Elections Offices and Grama Niladhari Offices in addition to publishing it on the website from 23.12.2015 to 28.12.2015.
visually impaired cricket team
Copies - 1. Auditor General
Summit against external violence
Revenue Code: 20.02.01.01.
SANASA Bank Employees' Thrift and Credit Co-operative Society Ltd.
- Ratnapura
03. Mr. Ravi Peries
Ministry of Child Development and Women's Affairs
M.V.D. Cyril Gunarathne Pallepola
Water supply coordination - (National Water Resources Board)
Comb of Plantains
Programme 01
Ac 28
So far as appears from my inspection and to the best of information and according to the explanations provided to me, except for the effects of the adjustments arising from the matters referred to in paragraphs 2.2 of this report, I am of the opinion that,
Marketing & Distribution
Deadline for sending account summaries to the Treasury by e-mail
ITI calibration laboratory is the only calibration laboratory in Sri Lanka to obtain accreditation.
The language Division has conducted its programmes focusing on  04 objectives in 2014.
Ananda Ranjith Roopasinghe
Total No. of Identity cards Issued
Regional Veterinary Offices run by Veterinary Officers are the main functional units of the Department of Animal Production and Health.
This Programme is nationally implemented by the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration (MNLSI), Ministry of Justice (MoJ) Ministry of Prison Reforms and Rehabilitation (MPRR) and Ministry of Child Development and Women Affairs (MCDWA).
69. Ratmalana
Mr. Ashoka Herath
"The first supplementary summary of accounts" should be submitted including only transactions that could not be included in the summary of accounts in December 2015.
Defence
This Division handle the administrative activities of 215 officers who are directly under the purview of the Ministry of Justice and of 3697 officers who are serving in the courts.
Retaining such revenues under the Class 111 of the General Deposits Account operated in terms of Financial Regulations 569 and utilized to incur expenditure outside the expenditure approved by the Annual Appropriation Act.
Livelihood Patterns of the People of the District and Major Commercial and Economic Activities
11. As a safe keeper of any person's last will and testament
(b) Action had not been taken by the Sabha to take over 02 Cabs and a Canter Lorry being used by the Sabha.
Two bonds were priced as at 6.0 percent and 5.125 percent respectively, which was the lowest coupon rates since first sovereign bond issue in the year 2007.
Saivapothini (Primary Division) - 6000 Copies
Mrs. Kumudu H. Imbulamure
Provisions for 26 projects have been given in the month of July.
The Auditorium belonging to the District Secretariat, Galle and located at the Baladaksha Road had been destroyed by the tsunami, which occurred on 26.12.2004. This was modernized with the sponsorship by the non-government organization, USAID Institute. Subsequently, this was named as “Hall de Galle”.
Rs. 1000 per day
National Diploma Course on Occupational Safety and Health
Training was provided for the staff so as to build positive attitudes among them, thereby enabling to fulfill customer requirements.
On 31 May 2011 the works completed in 2015.
Ministry of Christian Affairs
The following observations are also made in this connection.
However,according to the records of the Department of External Resources, the disbursements made  for the Project could not be recognized separately and show disbursements aggregating Japan Yen 13,231 million as at that date, amalgamating with the disbursements made for other 03 donor funded projects.
Mawanella
2:2:1 (XX) Senior Deputy Government Printer of the Department of Government Printing
(b) An agreement has been entered into between the Sri Lanka Turf Society and this Authority with effect from 12-03-2012 for obtaining a monthly rental of Rs.50,000/- for this Authority for the conduct of Horse Races and for having an agreement on the other matters.
Percentage of Increase
From Retirement Benefit Obligations
Construction Progress -2013
National Council for Disaster Management
Type of complaint
Colombo-Katunayake Expressway Project
Empowerment of Provincial Centers
The Secretariat, Colombo 01,
Opening Balance
The secretary, Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs shall grant approval for relevant transfers considering the recommendations.
The main functions of the Planning Division are,
Waivers corresponding to the amount in arrears
Tharaka Ramanya Balasooriya
Yatawatte Pradeshiya Sabha
The annual preaching sermons was exerted together with Vesak and Poson ceremonies and the Vesak lantern competition for the 6th consecutive year were organized by the Buddhist Society.
Employees Provident Fund and Employees Trust Fund
Introduction of basic Electronics components
A fully protected hut
The information regarding the Registration of births, marriages and deaths of 19 Divisional Secretariats in the year 2015 is as follows.
State Children's Art Festival
Recorded in a day on 2015,
Repair of quarters of District Snr. Supdt. of Surveys, Matara and District Survey Office, Matara
Institute of National Languages Education and Training and its Progress
Note (ii) – Statement of Liabilities and Commitments
From 18.09.2011 to 27.05.2012.
The Bill seeks to give relief to persons who are displaced and disadvantaged property owners during the period from 1983 – 2009 by the provisions of the Prescription Ordinance.
Actions had not been taken to recover the outstanding licence fees of Rs. 170,935 that remained relating to the previous years.
Investments (9)
The key tasks of the Section are defining and maintaining the required protection philosophy and identification of protection rehabilitation and development requirements of the system.
2.2.7 Non-compliance with laws, rules and regulations
Name of Advance/ Deposit
A sum of Rs 2 million was received from Treasury provisions for the ‘Condominium” publication and four issues of the publication consisting of the Sinhala, Tamil and English languages were published in the year 2011.
Misapplication of accounting policies
The unpaid balance is insecure.
Project: Development of Miriswatta Main Road
Non-preparation of schedules.
Enhance the knowledge, skills, and attitudes of service providers for disabled persons
Allocation of total provisions
The Centre for Policy Alternatives is contracted to implement this activity and the preparation of questionnaires, instructions and training of enumerators for the pilot survey has completed.
Ranga Bhoomi,
7. Staff recruitments were made as follows.
Ascertaining the extent to which the ministry and the other institutions under these assets are safeguarded from losses of all kinds
Course Coordinator
07. National Secretariat for Non-Governmental Organizations
Overhead charges amounting to Rs. 1.91 million had been remitted by the Project to the Road Development Authority during the year under review, contrary to the instruction made in paragraph 8.3.9 of the Circular No. PED/12 dated 02 June 2003 of the Department of Public Enterprises.
Technical Officer, Nuclear Medicine Unit, Faculty of Medicine, University of Peradeniya
5.3.3. Samurdhi Activities
Project Name/ RDA Division: Galdeniya - Apaladeniya
I. Reimbursement of the following cardiac surgical expenses – for members only (maximum)
Kurunegala Municipal Council
Rugby Coaches
Talent Show
Parallel efforts have been taken by MoFP and the contractor to conduct a detail hardware survey of the Treasury which is expected to capture information on present IT resources available in the Treasury and details of different computer systems being deployed at present in the Treasury.
No. of participants
Maturity Date
Provisions transferred to other Heads under Project 02
Salaries /allowances – Contract Staff
Auditor General Department
Mrs. J. A. D. Emalinnona
Such transfers will be effective from the first working day of the year.
In addition, the observer organizations were also granted permission to observe the preparation of the final result at the Elections Secretariat.
3.7 Inventories
Public Sector Undertakings - Statement for the year ended December 31, 2013 (Net / Assets / Title / Transfer)
Expenditure as at 31.12.2014
Though the Authority has forwarded an agreement to the Gampaha and Negombo hospitals for operating water and sewage systems, the hospitals have not returned the agreements.
Sponsorships
Youth Service Center, Monaragala
Tamil Language
4.3. The Progress of the Development Activities under the District Secretariat - 2015
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
I. Whilst on election duty or
4.1 All the public officers retired from 01.01.2016 and the officers, who would retire in future from the effective date of this circular, shall compulsorily contribute for this insurance scheme.
13th October 2012 - 26th January 2013
Germplasm evaluation
Further to the above, a series of lectures has already been conducted in 04 prisons under the theme of  “Building Life Through Buddhism”.
(a). For General Public Services - General Warrant No. 1 of 2017
This had directly impacted on the weak financial position as well as sustainability of the Authority.
Saudi Fund for Development
(f) Salary Point: Rs.
Electrical and industrial
The determination of the Commissioner of Elections in terms of Article 98(8) of the Constitution regarding the number of members to be elected, for the year 2014, for each electoral district at a Parliamentary Election, based on the statements of the total number of names in the electoral register, provided by the Registering Officer of each electoral district after certifying the Electoral Register in 2014 under Section 23 of the Registration of Electors Act, was published in the Gazette No. 1898/6 of 19th January 2015.
A large number of gem mining is done in Ratnapura, Eheliyagoda, Nivitigala, Kahawatta, Balangoda, Kuruwita and Ayagama Divisional Secretariats.
Periodic Life support for kidney patients
12. Full Repair of the official residence of the Warakapola District Judge
Deposit Account Details
Withal, the applications were received once in a while from 331 Divisional Secretariats to the Head Office and in view of that, they were forwarded to the bank.
Progress from 01.01.2014 to 31.12.2014
Vineyards
Kurunegala Plantations Ltd
4.4 Physical Resources Management
Welfare centre for visually impaired women
(a) Without the submission of specifications in terms of Procurement Guidelines 5.6.1 (a) and (d), of Procurement Guidelines - 1075 units of 07 production S-lon items used for water lines and accessories had been purchased for Rupees 985,750.
05. Secretary, Finance Commission
This tournament was held by covering schools in all five districts in Northern Province.
Head Office, Accounts Division
Action had not been taken to take over 02 motor vehicles used by the Udubaddawa Pradeshiya Sabha, a sports complex and 43 public cemeteries.
Chapter 1 - Financial Progress
LSL was able to increase its sales revenue by 19 percent in 2014 by opening 16 new outlets and providing some selected items at lower prices.
14 Scanners 10 10
Other Allowances
Biscuits
However, the respective Project Agreements had been signed only on 27 December 2016 and became effective on 10 July 2017.
Schedule 13
Colombo, Gampaha, Kalutara, Kandy, Matale, Nuwara-Eliya, Galle, Matara
Similarly, 06 wholesale stalls, a fish cutting stall, one retail stall and a section of a stall at No.1 building were being used by the Ceylon Fisheries Corporation by September 2018, whereas no charge whatsoever had been recovered thereon and the Trust had been deprived of a monthly income of about Rs. 80,000.
The Commission has planned to implement the following projects in 2015
03. Modernization and innovation
Mediation Boards' efficiency is measured by the number of disputes they receive.
5th Floor, no. 492, R. A. De Mel Mawatha, Colombo 03
Subsidies for destruction of houses
7. Secretary to the Ministry of Provincial Council and Local Government
Providing legal advice in all legal matters to the Government of Sri Lanka, State Institutions, Public Corporations and Statutory Boards and play a significant role in the course of achievement of the broad-based objectives of the Government
Subsection 2:9:6 of Chapter VI, subsection 4, subsection 9:2 of Chapter XXVIII and subsection 3:2 of Chapter XXXI of Volume I of Establishments Code
An understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances was obatined, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness internal control of the Project.
“To develop and promote Sri Lanka’s foreign trade relations at bilateral, regional and multilateral levels by effective implementation of government trade policy, with a view to raising the standards of living and realizing a higher quality of life through the increase of total production, income and employment levels, thereby actively contributing to the overall economic growth of Sri Lanka.”
Amount Allocated (Rs. Mn.)
However, the Company's going concern may be terminated on the basis of future events or conditions.
Senior Scientific Officer, Life Sciences Division, Atomic Energy Authority
The Administration Division provides the necessary support to achieve the objectives of the Ministry by managing the human resource which is the most valuable asset of the Ministry.
Sri Lankan Approach to Climate Change
It was planned to recruit 32 officers under various designations and in the year 2015 only a Secretary was appointed.
(i). English text of Sub-Section 23:9
Partition of technical library
However, the Value Added Tax inputs on paper raw materials such as ink etc. required for the printing of the posters have been claimed.
Further, some of the solid waste had been buried daily in the land of the centre.
Physical Progress: 60%
At the end of each year and in the month of April the college conducts examinations for Preliminary, Intermediate and Final Year students.
6.5. Indian Ocean Rim Association
Seat in the Provincial Council that became vacant
Proposals were received for construction through State Engineering Corporation but due to the delay, the Grand Stand Pavillion was redesigned by UDA of the Ministry of State Defence after which it was developed as a Rugger ground.
The Department of External Resources consists of an Additional Director General and seven Directors, headed by the Director-General.
Introduction of the New Animal Welfare Bill
According to the financial statements presented, the excess of revenue over recurrent expenditure of the Sabha for the year ended 31 December 2017 amounted to Rs.85,900,111 as compared with the excess of revenue over recurrent expenditure of the preceding year amounting to Rs.40,131,517.
91. Weligama
Belgium
Prof. Mahinda Wijeratne
State Accounts Circular No : 273 /2020
Playing a leading role of addressing inter religious issues when it’s necessary, preventing conflict among religions and enhancing inter religious coexistence are some of the outcomes of these programs.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Water Well of Sri Maanikka Pillaiyar Temple-Kiran, Batticaloa
Rear Admiral S.M.B Weerasekara (RSP, USP, ndu, psu)  Deputy Chief of Staff ,Sri Lanka Navy left and that vacancy was filled by Rear Admiral   Mr.M.T.D.J.Siriwardena Director General – Services , Sri  Lanka Navy on 20.06.2011
Rent Advance
After establishment of new government in January 2015, all unsolicited direct proposals were reviewed again and submitted to the Cabinet Sub-Committee for approval, and the project was suspended from May 2015 on the advice of that committee.
Deutsche Bank AG
The amount of money is US $ 1,123 billion and a substantial portion of it will be used for divisions namely water supply, sanitation and wastewater management, power and energy and education and skills development.
A large number of lagging villages will be facilitated with transport facilities through this initiative which will in turn facilitate easy access to market, education and healthcare facilities to villages.
The land utilization of the Torrington housing scheme is well under par and the buildings are more than 40 years old.
To obtain drinking water which is one of the basic requirements
Evaluation of the staff performance has not been implemented.
Private and Confidential
(d) Whether the expenditure had been correctly identified according to the classification adopted for the implementation of the Project,
3.2 Newly Appointed Officers
About 209 people interested in fitness have been registered for this year's fitness program.
Contingent Liabilities
Schedule 01
7. Sampath Leasing & Factoring Ltd. –  approved.
Note - 12
8.1.3 The term of office of 22 Municipal Councils were extended until 31 December 2015 in terms of Extraordinary Gazette No. 1936/44 dated 15.10.2015 and the Paragraph (B) of Sub Section (2) of Section 10 in the Municipal Councils Ordinance, Chapter 25 and the term of office of the members of the Moratuwa Municipal Council was extended until 31 December 2015 by the Extraordinary Gazette No. 1936/58 dated 16.10.2015.
Egaloya
During the year 2012, the company formed its second fully owned subsidiary, the Info Media (Private) Limited, to print Tamil language newspapers in Jaffna, in line with the Group's strategy to be the islandwide fastest provider of information and knowledge.
(iv) Sever bodily disfigurement, other than facial searing or disfigurement to a maximum of
Expenditure Tendency
Field studies were also conducted in Adams Peak, Hakgala & Piduruthalagala for the field exploration of moss flora, and 35 species of bryophytes were collected during the field excursions for micro-propagation.
Performing as representatives of the villages
Sub sections 13:2, 21:2, 22:1:1 and 14:12, Chapter XLVIII, Volume II of Establishments Code
In 2014, Bilingual Service Cells were established in 06 Bilingual Divisional Secretariats and 08 District Secretariats and in 2015, such cells were established in Colombo, Trincomalee, Puttalam District Secretariats and Lahugala, Padiyathalawa, Kundasale, Kegalle and Monaragala Divisional Secretariats.
Further, a sum of Rs. 16,924.36 million had paid in the year 2016/2017 as compensation in the process of revocation of lease agreements for obtaining four (04) A 350-900 aircrafts on a lease, without proper cost-benefit analysis, which was scheduled to be delivered in the year 2016/2017.
Recognized political parties and independent groups submitted 312 and 225 nominations for 22 electoral districts, respectively.
To Equity
(a)Finance Leases - where the Company is the Lessee
Certificate Award Ceremony of the Certificate Course in Special Education Teaching Methods
Number of Officers Eligible for Disaster Loans: -
Construction of Kolonna Conference Hall
Land Ministry and Other Institutes
These circular instructions are issued incorporating the provisions relating to the allowances payable to officers who travel abroad for official purposes including discussions, conferences and training programs.
07. Exhibitions and Concerts
The court fines should be properly identified and accounted for.
It has been sent for the observations of the Attorney General on 03.12.2015.
Property, plant and equipment were valued based on an open market value of the assets in the existing use with relevant adjustments with regard to those assets in sub optimal use.
China Exim Bank & Government of Sri Lanka
Fifteen forests have been gazetted as reserve / conservation forests.
Numeric Table - 19
Progress of the Disaster Relief Services Activities
New Construction of Dehiwala Zoo
The above memorandum was adjourned for further study.
T. P. - 011-25019497
Ceylon Petroleum Storage Terminals Ltd.
The settlement of which is expected to result in an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits.
5. A Day/ Night Active Call Centre in the Western Province South I areas were upgraded to provide enhanced facilities to its consumers using the latest communication technologies.
Priority attention should be given to the followings areas in designing expenditure of the Ministry for 2017.
Aircrafts
Language Knowledge
I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
The following meetings were held during January to December 2014.
Yield as at 31.12.201 (%)
Trade and other receivables are stated at the amount estimated to be realized.
The Annual Estimate of 2014 was prepared accordingly to achieve that path.
Dates / Duration / Place
Sunday, 13 August, 2017
Approximately US$ 25 million was funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB) to cover the entire cost of Package A and Package B.
02. Meegahakiula Land, Badulla
Value (Rs.M)
(iii) Action not taken for vesting of assets.
Necessary arrangements will be made to purchase library books through procurement process in accordance with Rule 207 of the Financial Administration in the future.
The web site is being updated.
The value of such allocation relevant to the year ended 31st December 2011 was Rs. 18,102,961/=.
License Fees relevant to the Ministry of Defense
The Company's exposure to interest risk is the changes in market interest rates relate to short-term bank deposits, treasury bills and term deposits.
International Ministerial Conference on Nuclear Power in 21st Century
Fax - 011 2883938
Performance in Collection of Revenue
Colombo 07.
Selected major Irrigation schemes are as follows;
In addition to local training, some staff officers of the Ministry were given the opportunity to participate in several foreign trainings.
Advance – Social welfare fund
Total income earned from the sale of vehicles
Hong Kong
Other License Fees
They are as follows.
Preparation of documents containing the transfers of Departments / Ministries as per paragraph 3.1 and send them to the Director General of Combined Services
In order to achieve the above objectives, the division will perform the following functions.
Comprehensive Income
05. Payment of Premium
After introducing the Diploma in Agro-Technology in the year 2008, the Institute was able to increase gradually its annual intake of students.
Increasing divisional level milk analytical facilities
The selected volunteers are expected to assist people and the staff of the respective DS offices/ GA offices to implement their day to day working process effectively and also to avoid existing language barriers to obtain services in the language that people would prefer.
Overtime & holiday pay
Possible delays in the start of highway construction
PCB - Provincial Council
Loan balance for car purchases
Note (5) - Trade and other receivables - Rs.
Senior Design Development Officer / Assistant Director (Design Development)
I. D. Munasingha
I also identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Cash and Cash Equivalents are defined as cash in hand and short term highly liquid investments, readily convertible to known amounts of cash for the purpose of cash flow statement.
Ms. N.A.M. Peiris
This standard becomes effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2014.
Note 1
This Course commenced in February 2011 initially for Management Assistants of the LAC who work in a legal environment.
Screen printing / Graphic designing
Mr Chris Weerasinghe
No. of Cases
Variance (Favorable/ Adverse)
(i) USD 102 million will be utilized under the “Special Disaster Loan Program” to meet immediate financial needs to rehabilitate property and livelihoods affected by climate change.
The Corporation carries out transactions in the ordinary course of its business with parties who are defined as related parties in Sri Lanka Accounting Standard 24 “Related Party disclosures”, the details of which are reported below.
(i) The value of 14 water meters of Water Man brand amounting to Rupees 18,200 had been stated as Rupees 186,200 in the financial statements.
“Through maintenance of an effective Wildlife Reservation Network thereby facilitating all animal species and human beings to soundly co-existence”
Field verifications of 160 topographical Map sheets on the scale of 1:10,000 have been made and completed.
South Africa
National Livestock Development Board and allied companies
03. After prioritizing of the projects, the General Treasury should be informed.
2014 Maha Progress Hectares
After that he has served as Veterinary Surgeon in the Department of Animal Production and Health Head Office.
Providing knowledge for institutions on occupational safety and health.
To print Text Books and Exercise Books that help achieve language proficiency.
Provided however, where the number of persons disclosed in the appeal exceed 20, the Secretary may, in his discretion, publish the notice in an English, Sinhala or Tamil news paper.
Mrs. H. M. A. K. Daulagala
Advisory service on consultancy had not been finalized.
I. Secretary to the President
The bill to convert the Sugathadasa National Sports Complex into an Authority was presented in Parliament on 20th April, 1999.
The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.
Department arranges and sponsors to conduct festivals in several Districts in order to promote Hindu religious activities and festivals.
Total Expenditure disbursed during the year 2014, against (I) above
Furthermore, due to insufficient provisions, private surveyors could not be employed as expected and it took time to obtain information on the lands to be surveyed according to the methods of implementing the new program of registration and only lands of voluntary land owners was introduced for the year 2013 according to the program and the expected number of government surveyors could not be employed continuously throughout the year.
Thumpankerny
Farming, Animal Husbandry, Broom/Ekle Broom Making
The Audit Committee is required to review the continuing impartiality of the Internal Auditors and their effectiveness.
The following observations are made.
B.Com. (Special) Hons. LICA
Regional Training Course on Measurement Protocols for National Radon Strategies
Capital expenditure to be specified separately as follows
Chief Secretaries of Provinces and
The cost incurred was Rs. 95,934,491.15.
Inspection of Vouchers and Accounts
01 December - 11 December
(g) Issue of Advances – Rs. 119,500/-
Mr. A. R. M. Rila
Letters have been sent to the Department of Pensions to recover the amount of Rs. 207,163.06 due from the three employees from the pension gratuity and further action are being taken by the Justification Committee in order to recover the rest of employee loan amounting to Rs.154,364.94.
Formulation and implementation of an appropriate programme to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of the overall Quazi system.
28. It is the responsibility of all electronic/ print media institutions to adhere and abide by the moral ethics of media.
Estimation of the year 2015
Location: Kandy district
The workshops were attended by trainers representing the Northern and Eastern Provinces.
Annexure III
04 Resources Persons mentioned below are participated for the preparation of the Sinhala text book.
Increase of land values in the area.
2.Kataragama
Final Financial Statements for the year 2018 should be prepared in Sinhala, Tamil and English languages separately in the formats introduced in the Section 6 of this Circular, on A4 sheets.
22. Lanka Tiles Marathon 2015
Investment Institute
Granting of Maternity leave in Terms of Public Administration Circular No. 04/2005 to new appointees to Public Service who receive their permanent appointments after child birth
Provision made
12.11. Rs. 4.2 million was spent on local and foreign training courses of staff officers and non-staff officers to improve the efficiency of the Department.
Outside Broadcasting facilities were also operated by the supervision and the direction of Deputy Director (Studio and Outside Broadcasting) under the direction of Deputy Director General (Engineering).
Reference to Laws, Rules, Regulations, etc.
4.1 Expenditure Estimate  - Annexure - 04
“Electoral Districts” (22 numbers) - One administrative district or the amalgamation of several administrative districts
Whether adequate accounting records were maintained on a continuing basis to show the expenditure of the Project from the funds of the Government of Sri Lanka, the progress of the Project in financial and physical terms, the assets and liabilities arising from the operations of the Project, the identifications of the purchases made out of the Loans, etc.
Local Authorities Election - (Local Authorities Elections Ordinance (Chapter 262))
2.2 Changes in Accounting Policies
I also wish to extend a word of appreciation to the staff of the Progress Monitoring & Evaluation Unit and officers engaged in translation for their untiring effort in compiling, editing, translating, and publishing the report amidst various difficulties.
5.3 Composition of the Management Corporation
There are 114 department stores with a total capacity of 250,000 MT, scattered around the island to achieve this goal.
Mr. B.G.P. Jayakody
Total Cost Estimate
Department of Motor Traffic
Amount agreed for financing in the Loan Agreement
It is also necessary to give due consideration to achievement of Sustainable Development Indices, declared by the United Nations in carrying out future planning.
Airport & Aviation Services (Sri Lanka) Ltd.(AASL)
CD ROMS -  04
Incorporation
4.1 Transactions with subsidiaries
Sri Lanka Teachers’ Service
Report of the Auditor General on the Accounts of the Sri Lanka Cement Corporation for the year ended 31 December 2011 in terms of Section 14(2)(C)  of the Finance Act No.38 of 1971
Public Administration Circular:01/2014 (IV)
3.4.1 Classification
Payment for electricity
Conducting follow up activities relating to construction of court buildings
District and Divisional Survey Offices - Colombo
Mr. K. H. A. Upali
“Mihisara Fesival - 3”  by Mahinda Rajapaksa Vidyala, Homagama and “Dhawala Bheeshana” Exhibition  by Thrikonee Cultural Foundation were presented  to promote long-lasting inter-ethnic co-existence through fine arts media.
Collected Revenue
(a) A copy of the Audited Income & Expenditure Account
(b) The percentage of Net Loss to Revenue had decreased in the preceding year by 10 percent.
(a) A sum of Rs. 50 million had been allocated in the year 2011 for the construction of a Circuit Bungalow in Mannar and the construction had been planned for completion within 180 days.
Act No. 17 of 1996 on the Social Security Board
Auditing of accounts of the Ministry and Departments and Courts that come under the Ministry
Secondary Towns & Rural Community based Water Supply & Sanitation Project - Additional Financing
Activity
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year
Under the Mortgage Act No. 6 of 1949, Director General of Commerce is empowered to declare any company, firm, institution or individual as an approved credit agency.
Category 4
The Annual Report for the year 2011 had not been tabled in Parliament.
Number of Board Meetings held in 2012 - 10
Computer Data Operator
(iii) Other than great toe, if more than one lost, each
III When submission of the Appropriation Account to the Auditor General, a separate set of copies of Note (i) to (iv) and D. G. S. A. 7, 7(i) and 8(i) should be sent to the “Superintendent of Audit, Government Audit Branch, Ground floor, General Treasury, Colombo 1” and it is required to send a separate set of printed copies of D. G. S. A. 8(i), 8(ii) and 8(iii) to the Director (Macro & Accrual Accounts) of the Department of State Accounts before 23rd February 2016.
In order to get the benefits arising from the biological and genetic resources the access should be granted by a legally accepted agreement.
Sri Lanka – Kuwait
The final workshop on the updated HLP was conducted on 10th September 2014.
(1) Unsettled sub imprest (Advances) Total
Ensure meeting the goals set out in the Vision for the Future; Development Policy Framework of the Government
(b) The creditors and the accrued expenses during the year under review amounted to Rs.62,854,679 while it was shown as Rs.63,078,398 according to the age analysis.
Office Hours of Public Officers
Kalutara     01
Coordinating Secretary (Temporary)
Monthly Salary from Rs. 43,480 upwards Combined Allowance Rs. 500/-
Annual Transfer Procedure of Officers in Special Grade of Sri Lanka Administrative Service
Recurrent
6.2 Information on Note (i) to Note (iv) should also be included in the Appropriation Account in addition to the D. G. S. A. 2 to D. G. S. A. 10.
Preparation of monthly and quarterly progress reports of the Ministry and the institutions under its purview and submission of the reports to the Presidential Secretariat and other relevant institutions.
National Budget Approval for Vehicle Procurements
Artificial Insemination Center Polonnaruwa
Information on the retail prices of commodities classified under the following categories from the towns of Puttalam and Chilaw was collected during this year under the town price collection.
That wildlife reservation network consists of wildlife reserves declared under various conservation levels.
Bentara-Elpitiya
The reporting period for these Financial Statements is from 01st January to 31st December 2018.
i) implement immediate flood and drought risk mitigation works of hydraulic infrastructure in downstream of dams such as canals, flood bunds & diversion structures,
Construction of 03 tanks has been completed.
(d) Whether the funds, materials, and equipment supplied under the Loan had been utilized for the purposes of the Project,
Ms. W. P. Kalyani
Mannar Fort
Early Childhood Protection Program
US $ 1.0 million
Through this, the collection of retail prices in the open market in the city of Ratnapura was done.
Lama Puwath,
Budget Execution Division - 2
Recruitment has been made for 4 Office Assistants and 4 Driver positions.
Decentralised budget development programme
Mrs. D. V. V. Sriyangani Fernando
A Presidential Expert Committee had been appointed in restructuring Sri Lankan Airlines.
Customer Service Authority Unit
Offences under influence of liquor
3. Department serving:-
This program is implemented with the objective of strengthening the youth by developing entrepreneurship skills, providing financial support, introducing new technologies, and business consultant.
Impact
Farmer Center - Redi Bendi Ella Scheme
Department of Registration of Persons
2.9 Financial Assets
Reviews:
v. At such occasions where the officer who obtains transport allowance participates in official duties outside the service station with several other officers who are also entitled to official vehicles, group transport facilities shall be arranged for the officers.
4.3 Revenue Accounts
Veppankulam Pichchai Vaniyankulam Road
This office enforces the provisions in Buddhist Temporalities Ordinance No. 19 of 1931.
Fully automated Finance and Planning for a rapid economic growth
4.4 Utilization of vehicles
According to raids carried out and complaints received in the year 2014 corruption related offences numbering 1,921 has been reported and 97% of such cases (1,856) has been able to be solved and finalized.
4.1 Organization Structure
The power supply in the area was dilapidated.
Concession Fees
Installation of new wave traps and line matching units in the second 132 kV circuit of the Badulla - Rantambe link, thereby increasing the reliability of communication between the two grid substations
Received the approval of the Public Service Commission for 11 of the 14 recruitment procedures of the Department of Wildlife Conservation.
Under this, the Projects and Beneficiaries are selected under each Divisional Secretariat within the Galle District
17-28 May
(ii) A large mountain of waste which had not categorized as bio degradable waste and solid waste had remained in the waste centre of Sundarapola, which has resulted in an environmental disaster.
Staff Training
Walikamam South Pradeshiya Sabha
Dimbulagala
Galle, Avissawella, Negombo, Ratnapura, and Kandy
As at 31 December
(b) Debtors
2. Parliamentary Election Act, No. 1 of 1981
Number of Disputes received by Mediation Boards (Province wise) from 2014.01.01 - 2014.12.31
Action will be taken to re-commence the work of the concrete blocks project.
Checking of the Payment Vouchers (Fourth Quarter 2012, Head Office, Colombo)
64 Crop clinics in Mullaitivu district
(Providing medical examinations for institutes)
4.1.3.2 Troubleshooting / Repair Services and Consultancy Assignments
3.2.2 Although, the house-to-house enumeration of electors commenced on 1st of June every year until 2013, after the year 2013, it commenced in mid-May of the respective year.
I believe that the audit evidence that I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Knowledge for Right Choices
Dr. (Ms) R. M. Fuward
Graphics and Animation
Taking action to strengthen the cultural activities as well as the efficiency of the District and pave the way for it (Cultural festivals, district and national level programs)
Projects Division
The grant assistance from the Government of Korea is extended to Sri Lanka through the Korean International Cooperation Agency (KOICA) in order to finance small scale projects, conduct technical training programs and dispatch volunteers.
It has been affected for the reduction of pre-tax profit.
Car park (Maligawatta)
The details on commitments and liabilities to be settled at the end of the year 2017 should be submitted to the Department of State Accounts.
Colombo South
6. Mr. Dharmasiri Peiris
However, the relevant approvals had not been obtained even as at 31 December 2015 for the variation orders made over the provisions in the Bill of Quantities for contingencies.
The Company's related parties include Government of Sri Lanka, State-Owned Enterprises, Other Related Entities and key management personnel.
SL 2 - 2016
Avoided Cost-Based Tariff
AES (Kelanitissa)
Director (Engineering)
Even though the by-laws should be imposed to execute 30 main purposes under Section 126 of the Pradeshiya Sabha Act, the by-laws had been imposed for only 16 purposes even by 31 December 2017.
The Project had procured a land on lease basis from the Divisional Secretarial of Kollonnawa in 2001 for construction of a water tower and office building and a sum of Rs. 5.17 million paid up to 31 December 2017 without entering into a lease agreement.
Take adaptive measures to avoid/minimize adverse impacts of climate change to the people, their livelihoods and ecosystems
Illegal sand mining and transportation
Deputy / Assistant Director (SLTB)
Sri Lanka Administrative Service - Special
03. Since it is essential to maintain financial discipline to achieve the development goals and objectives of the country, you are informed to pay your personal attention to the above matters.
Veterinary Hospital - Contact Details
The overall progress of the Project was 95% by the end of the year 2013.
Providing Medical facilities for the pilgrims during the pilgrimage.
Despite the revenue of Rs. 60 million for the year under review had been billed, only a sum of Rs. 67 million had been collected in the year under review including the receipts of revenue in arrears.
2. Vision, Mission, Objectives and Functions of the Ministry
Celebrating National Counselling Service Day on 15th October every year to coincide with International Mental Health Week
Requests made in this regard at later occasions shall not be considered.
Thirunagar,
Secretary to the Prime Minister
Establishment of Village Level Committees
Development of computer centers
Therefore, the internal audit activities had not been independent and the internal audit reports had not been furnished to the Auditor General.
Following Government institutions were covered by this survey.
Income Tax
Access to justice and social integration project.
Fish
01 AD
Hector Kobbekaduwa Agrarian Research and Training Institute
Check application status.
The project can be divided into four parts.
(b) A sum of Rs.7,760,000 had been paid to the Institute of Construction, Training and Development during the year under review in respect of office rent, Value Added Tax and electricity charges for the years 2013 and 2014 without entering into a formal rent agreement.
Issuing Birth/ Death/ Marriage Certificate
As these are roads & bridges on A class roads, the whole island is benefited by Construction of these roads & bridges to 2- lane standards by reducing travel time, Vehicle operating Cost and Average speed of the vehicles.
Assistant Director (Technical)
(e) Grant of Advances
(b) Norway GSP+ Scheme
Recommendations were given for the proposed SMS and Web based lottery system of National Lotteries Board.
Supplementary Provision and Supplementary Estimate Allocation Rs.
Annexure V: Financial Status for 55 Public Enterprises as at 31.12.2014
Income tax paid
It covers 5.2% of the total population.
Section 20
The extent of the land of this is 2663.1 square Km whereas the inland water area including the lagoon which adds beauty to the district is 229.19 square Km.
For the first time, the Mannar District has won both the National Productivity Awards presented by the Ministry of Productivity Promotion in both 2012 and 2013.
Skills Development Staff Training
15. Betting and Gaming (Amendment) Act 14/ 2015
Number of Complaints Received
Ministry of Foreign Employment
Chairman and the Board of Directors
NOTE - 14 Capacity Building
(B) Informations of Ongoing Projects
- Ampara
November 5 - 14
2 No. of installments
Accordingly, main functions entrusted to this division are as follows.
Direct requests calling at the project  -05
Evidence not available
Mr. D. Thusith Candima
The total value of the production of paddy, field crops, vegetables, and perennial crops
Amount (USD million)
Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) was signed in between IMD, Farmers’ Organization, Ellawala Horticulture (Pvt) Ltd, and University of Colombo Institute of Agro Technology & Rural Science (UCIARS) for the sustainability of the project.
4.1.2. Grama Niladhari Activities
Capacity Development Workshop for the Social Services Officers/ Social Development Assistants/ Development Officers in Ampara, Kurunegala, Gampaha, and Nuwara Eliya
Rs.35378.00 was incurred for a land observation tour that took place from 11.09.2011 to 21.09.2011 Arranged for identification of undeveloped land scattered in number of districts with a view to allocating them to the Ranaviru families.
4. Motor Vehicle 25%
Provision for Impairment
Intangible non-regenerative assets
Out of that a sum of Rs. 7.6 million had related to the receipts of previous year.
Total Allocation
Mr.D. M. Nimal Kumaranatunga
Also, in the general election held on 17.08.2015, the 'Illankai Tamil Arasu Kachchi' party received 127,185 votes and won 03 seats with the bonus seat.
In accounting for the two motor vehicles valued at Rs. 18,000,000 received from the Department of National Budget in the year under review, the recurrent expenditure of Rs. 309,000 incurred on insuring the motor vehicles had also been capitalized.
National Highways Sector Project- 2018
The theme of this was “the Official Languages Policy, its Usage and Ethic Reconciliation”.
Transactions with key management personnel
(h) Whether satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year audit report, and
If this certificate is produced to a court before which a trial is being held on the same matter, that court is empowered under the Debt Conciliation Ordinance to allow a period subject to a maximum of 10 years for the settlement of the loan and reduce the interest to the minimum rate and not to recover any costs from the debtor.
Ingiriya
4. Utilization of Labour of the Prisoners for Development Process
Providing training on language planning preparation to National Integration Promotion Coordinator / Assistant Officers
The temperature in Mannar district is 28c - 33c and the rainfall is between 74 - 104 mm.
Providing Rs. 2,000.00 allowance for senior citizens
Item financing
A supervisory committee was appointed to supervise the Investigation Workshops under the guidance of the Minister, Hon. Vasudewa Nanayakkara and the Secretary.
1. Revision of Voters' Register – 2014
The estimated amount of Rs. 26.80 million has been approved on 24-11-2014.
Training and research
Financial progress (Rs. Mn.)
Post - Employment benefits
Head of the Institution
The number of recommendations submitted during the year was confined to five.
a) Financial Regulations of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka
The ground survey has been completed for Phase-I of the project and ground survey for Phase-II also is nearing completion.
Thinakaran
As at 31.12.2015, 24 five day workshops have been conducted and nearly 1,200 mediators have been trained.
Certificate Courses
PMAS
Information and Communication Technology Assistant
Details of participants
Sri Lanka Women's Development Services Co-operative Society Ltd.
The main objective of this project is to take action on child abuse cases and expedite the processing and prevention of secondary victimization of victims of child abuse.
Currently 1300 words have been arranged in electronic version and provided for the printing.
(b) Charter Hire Income
2102 Furniture & Office Equipment
Long term quoted investments in Mercantile Shipping PLC which have been accounted at fair value based on the valuation carried out on 20 July 1994 under previous SLAS was designated as financial assets available-for-sale under SLFRS.
Please note that the non-compliances to the above instructions such as non- settlement of balances pertaining to previous years or non-submission of the relevant reports to the Department of Treasury Operations and Department of State Accounts before the prescribed dates, lead to the temporary suspension of imprest releases for the year 2019.
Basic fees (0.2% of the loan amount, once paid)
Payment of taxes
The Project had maintained proper accounting records for the year ended 31 December 2017 and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Project as at 31 December 2017 in accordance with the Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards, and
Properly carrying out management, maintenance, control and administration of common amenities and common elements of the condominium property
Statement of Financial Performance for the period ended.....
Sector-wise Commitments during 2014
The Labour Tribunal head office is located in the building of Ministry of Justice on the 1st floor at No. 428/11 A, Denzil Kobbekaduwa Mawatha, Battaramulla.
The main objective of this is to provide legal aid to the poorest sections of the population in Sri Lanka who are unable to seek justice due to poverty.
Mrs. R. M. R. D. Ratnayake
Transfers within the Year
Faculty of Social Science, University of Colombo
ii. Ranaviru Villages Project
e.g.: The Salary Step of Rs. 18,154/- shall be applicable as at 01.01.2016 to an officer who received the Salary Step of Rs. 14,955/- of Grade I of the Salary Scale PL 1 - 2006 A as at 31.12.2015 under Public Administration Circular No. 06/2006 (IV).
Rain
An environment conscious nation and a prosperous Sri Lanka
Affairs pertaining to local and foreign leave.
The management had not taken action even by the end of the year under review for filling those vacancies.
10.Walbotalegama
Elections Secretariat,
Balance as at 31 December 2013
Programmes were carried out in both Sinhala and Tamil medium..
Stage 1
Electricity & power
The period from January 1 to December 31, 2019 is the reporting period for these financial statements.
4. Supplying prizes for the Bakmaha Ulela conducted by the  Virusahana Ranaviru village
Total forest area is 76,400 hectares
At present, there are 209 members registered for the daily exercise program.
3.4. System and Control
Accordingly, 04 Startup Programs have been conducted.
Sri Lanka is reputed as a country rich in biological diversity. As a country Sri Lanka is threatened by the over exploitation and bio piracy.
Even though the period specified by the Act for postal voting is limited to one week it was extended until the last date of nominations viz.13.07.2015.
National Heritage
3.1 Deduru Oya Reservoir Project
Percentage of Provincial Share
(d) Control over Assets and Maintenance of Registers
Messrs. Ravi Karunanayaka, Minister of Finance, Vajira Abeywardhana, Minister of Home Affairs, P. Harrison, Minister of Rural Economic Affairs, Ameer Ali, Deputy Minister of Rural Economy Participated at this occasion.
Fourteen officers had been recruited, exceeding the approved cadre of the Sabha.
Attended to meetings and workshops conducted by the relevant institutions on water resources management activities.
In addition, steps were also taken to recruit staff for essential posts.
Kumarappodiyarkula Street,
Click here to learn more about economic centers.
(h) As details in respect of Grant received were not made available for the Audit, it was unable to verify the accuracy of deferred liabilities for the Grant Assets amounting Rs. 4,199,121 as at 31st December 2016 and the basis of transferring a sum of Rs. 19,335,101 to the income statement in the Audit.
Senior Designer
This will make it easier to identify if there are any illegal activities in those installations.
The contribution made by National Design Centre through the Development Projects for the upliftment of the Handicrafts sector
Submission of Expenditure Estimates:
It was held at the Roads Institute from 16.10.2014 to 5.112014.
2.1) The contribution made by the farmer organizations for the maintenance of canals, maintenance of agricultural roads, maintenance of constructed roads and maintenance of drainage canals of the irrigation subsystem under the assistance and guidance of the Irrigation Management Division is as follows.
Water bills
Senior Deputy Director, Finance Department
Funding
Last Updated on Wednesday, 16 May 2012 22:58
Mrs. R. Aginona
The welfare of persons with disabilities is an area that needs to be given more consideration in the 2018 Budget.
Favourable Balances
Appointed on 03.05.2012.
Number of Members
D. G. S. A. - 10
Return on Equity %
Veteran Cricketer, Mr. Kumar Sangakkara was appointed as the Brand Ambassador of the Board by His Excellency the President.
Mr. Chandra Kirubakaran
As the Sabha had not become aware of the “2030 Agenda” on sustainable development, the Sabha did not have a broad scope on the Sustainable Development Goals.
Identifying livelihood development projects; providing the  capital goods and training requirements and the provision of necessary financial facilities by the Divi Neguma community base banks were done.
Implementing Local Area Network within all divisions of the Ministry.
MILCO COMPANY
Regional Buddhist Affairs Office in Ratnapura
Another special survey was done on children programmes of Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation based on World Children’s Day.
Construction of low cost wildlife circuit bungalow at Nilgala was completed.
Ministry of Housing and Samurdhi
Contribution to National Programs
Value (Rs.)
However, meaningful actions had not been taken in this regard up to now.
Brandix Private Limited is the main sponsor of the ceremony while 3M Private Limited and Sri Lanka Insurance Corporation gave the joint sponsorship and joined hands with the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health in performing activities of this event.
Jaffna Power Project - 24 MW Diesel Power Plant at Chunnakam
In addition various awareness programs are also organized by the Wildlife Trust.
Table 1.1.2.2: Annual budget – 2013
Present Position
The Ministry has planned to carry out the preparation of language plans of 06 selected key Ministries and affiliated institutions under this Manual from 2015.
The restaurant generates more revenue and national and international competitions also provide an opportunity for the locals to generate indirect sources of income.
The stock of empty cement bags
3.2 Historical Importance of Puttalam District
Lands are acquired for number of road projects as follows.
Accordingly, in the year 2014, the following training courses were conducted in the city of Mannar in the Mannar District and the Nanattan, Musali, Madhu, and Manthai Western Divisional Secretariats.
However, due to the floods in 2014, 21 packages worth Rs. 715.8 million were identified in connection with the quantitative increase in the efficiency of some of the identified repairs.
Examination of Questioned Documents
Declaration of a buffer zone for Kaluganga and proposed Moragahakanda reservoir areas and minimizing of human activities there
Online administration system for Pali and Buddhist University
Sinhala and Tamil Language Training Programmes for Doctors
Mr. E.A.P. Ananda - Member
Second
15. Deyata Kirula
Total Expenditure (Rs.)
Equipments for NTV
(d) According to the Action Plan for the year 2012, provision of Rs. 900,000 had been made for preparing video programs relating to functions of the Institute.
(Exuding printing & stationary)
(i) Failure to ensure security
The notice about the exhibition of “A” and “B” lists under the Section 13(2) of the Registration of Electors Act was published in Gazette No. 1936/42 of 15.10.2015 and in all national newspapers on 15.10.2015.
3.3 Matters in Contentious Nature
Siwudesa,
The next meeting was adjourned for discussion at a meeting attended by the Minister.
Recruitments on contract Basis
No. of applications withdrawn
Accounts payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer).
(b) Payments for leave not availed by officers and employees of the Institute had been made to them from the inception of the Institute without the proper approval of the Treasury.
9. Repairs of Circuit Magistrate's Court at Siyambalanduwa
4.0 Amended 3.94
Packing Materials
Mrs.W,M.Nilanthi Kumari
To provide a firm background for the talented sports personnel who are willing to work in the field of sports.
Vacation of post had been delayed to the two officers who are worked in DS office of Ministry of Education due to delay in communication.
My sole ambition is to develop rural infrastructure, livestock production as well as the promotion of agricultural products for the upliftment of the economy of the rural people of Sri Lanka and to create something prosperous through the sustainable rural economy.
2. This advance will be paid only in January 2019.
The works at Habarana, Puttalam, Panadura, and Matara Grid Substations and new Maho Grid Substation are nearing completion and all the work is expected to be completed by May 2014.
Department of Agriculture, Peradeniya, Sri Lanka
The grant given by the treasury for recurrent expenditure is credited to the expenditure revenue account, while the grant for capital expenditure are credited as capital grant.
Accordingly, 27,529 fruit seedlings were sold for Rs. 2,891,185.00 and 11,475 Katurumurunga plants costing Rs. 459,000.00 were also distributed to the beneficiaries through the Agrarian Services Center.
African Lion (Panthera leo) - Sex: 1:1
Capital transfer
11-15 October
Accordingly, during the period from January to September in 2015, the Department of Prisons mainly carried out the development work of other institutions.
Hirunika Eranjali Premachandra
(a) 27 approved secondary positions, 13 had remained vacant.
17 Record Investigation Officer (Related Services)
These agreements will be instrumental in Sri Lanka’s Police Service becoming on par with international police services.
In the allocation of funds between the districts and sectors, a statistical methodology taking into account socio-economic indicators reflecting the regional disparities will be adopted.
Buddhist Religious Development
The accounting policies have been consistently applied by the company and are consistent with those used in the previous year.
An awareness program for workers on occupational accidents and diseases for promoting occupational safety and health in construction field, was conducted on 08th October 2012 at the auditorium of the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health with ICTAD under the patronage of Hon. Gamini Lokuge, Minister of Labour and Labour Relations.
Names of officers with the longest period of service should be indicated at the beginning of this list / schedule.
Courses and programs conducted under the Sports Innovation Project
Unit 2 of Old Laxapana power plant (the last of the three units rehabilitated under this project) was rehabilitated and handed over to CEB in April 2013, ahead of the scheduled time.
Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation
New designs
2. February
The Organization Chart and the Cadre of the Company had not been registered with the Department of Public Enterprises, General Treasury.
07. Office Address:
Results of this examination shall not be re-scrutinized.
Ensuring the wellbeing and healthy rearing of animals
Gluco Six Cricket Tournament,
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error.
Note - (vi)
The construction work is due to start.
Rs. 60,000.00 (Per Family Unit)
Estimated amount
(b) Issue of Elders Identity Cards
Taking measures to enhance the market share by targeting the private sector customers as well, without limiting the customer base only to government sector
Manage public expenditure efficiently
Associate Officers
13. Productivity Development Unit
Regional Buddhist Affairs office in Ratnapura perform the duties under the Buddhist Temporalities Ordinance in respect of the Buddhist temples in the districts of Ratnapura, Badulla and Moneragala.
Council Nominees
Agents of contesting political parties and independent groups were allowed to enter to the counting centers and they were also allowed to appoint agents to the center processing results.
31 Students got first place, 07 students got second place and 08 students got third place at national level and certificates and Rs. 5,000, Rs. 4,000 and Rs.3,000 were provided for each students who got first, second and third places respectively.
Road Section: Section from Kantale to Ganthalawa & Kantale to Perathuweli
72 km of roads and 05 causeways have been constructed within Gal Oya, Lunugamvehera, Yala, Lahugala and Kumana National Parks.
Mr. C. R. Ranasinghe
Sri Lanka Gymnastic Association
“To be the National Centre for Theatrical Activities and the Pioneer Institution in creating a culture of Quality Dramas and Theatrical Arts”
Director (Drama)
3. Implementation of housing programs such as Thisararana Sarana, Sasunen Sevana, Buduputh Parents Homes
8.Arrangements were made to purchase library books for use of members of  Ranaviru Villages.
Secretaries to Ministries
The Government of India had agreed to provide Rs. 600 million to upgrade the Faculty of Agriculture and the Faculty of Engineering of the University of Jaffna.
Vavuniya District
Maintenance of the Superior Courts Complex, maintenance of security services and provision of security services for the official quarters of the Judges
Labour and Voc. Training 5%
It is nearly 6 times increase over the last year.
Allocation of provisions according to Division was issued as follows.
Hambantota International Center for Roads and Flyovers Development Project
Motor cycle loans
Regularization of matters relevant to the services of employees of ​National Level Co-operative Societies that come under the supervision of the Co-operative Development Commissioner is assigned to this Commission.
Seychelles
Later, the recommendations of the Ministerial Subcommittee on Constitutional Affairs were incorporated into the Bill.
With higher per capita income, Western bilateral development partners have reduced their financing facilities on concessional terms and are displaying a growth in providing export credits.
1.Credit Risk
All expenditure incurred in the running of the Institute and in maintaining the capital assets in a state of efficiency has been charged against revenue in arriving at the surplus for the year.
The committee instructed to enter into agreements as regards these contracts in the future.
The details of the political parties who appointed representatives, the number of appointments, and the number of representatives who participated in the enumeration process are given in Table No. IV.
04. Mr. W.H. Piyadasa
Location: Hambantota district
Bankers : Bank of Ceylon
Target group
Following specimens formats annexed here should be used in the preparation of the Appropriation Account.
Nimal Perera
Madagascar
Fiscal Policy Circular 01/2015
Cost as at 01.01.2011
(b) The percentage of recovery of installments in respect of the water pumps valued at Rs.1,700,000 distributed in 14 districts in the year 2010 had been 46 percent as at 31 December 2012.
However, activities under the component of On-site Sanitation Improvements had shown slow progress as at 31 December 2017 due to delays in awarding of the contract and poor performance of the contractor.
Issuing relevant circulars on foreign aid utilization
Rs. 38.63 Mn
This annual festival is open to students from all over the country with competitions in speech, short story, essay, verse composition, singing, Arabic script and recitation of the Qur'an.
The main objective is to enhance the awareness of the officers of the Corporations and Statutory Boards regarding the implementation of the Official Language ​​Policy.
Sri Lanka Federation of Co-operative Textile Industries Ltd.
Accounting month
Public Administration Circular No 46/90 (III) dated 15.01.2010,
Food preparation building
Full names and addresses of Directors / Partners / Sole Proprietors
The notice regarding the election of Mr. Maithripala Sirisena as the President was published in the Extraordinary Gazette No. 1896/26 on 09.01.2015.
Warnakula Suriyage Sanjeewa Nishantha Fernando
Nelli Adi Central College
Renting/leasing out the stores owned by the Department, which were not used for operational activities, to external agencies, and renting out the Prima houses situated in Dhanyagama were the main sources of income.
It has been decided at the Cabinet meeting held on 19.12.2012 to grant leave in the following manner to Graduate Trainees who have been recruited as per Cabinet Decision dated 14.12.2011 for tasks such as collection of data and information, identification of projects and programmes on a priority basis.
Apprentice Litho Technological Officers   01
Foreign Aid
It is mainly due to voluntary retirement scheme expenditure amounting to Rs.175 million being written off in full in the year of expense in 2009 & 2010.
Taking policy decisions and their implementation to ensure the right to live of the human beings and all the other species, in a manner that protects wildlife heritage and biodiversity.
(iii) Donors directly credit to the bank account number of the “Sponsorship Scheme for Elders” (Wedihiti Awarana Kepakaru) as the propaganda activities have been done to request the money from donors and deposit it directly to the bank.
Physical progress
Was Held.
Revised provisions in 2014
Issuance of duplicate Copies
Media Guidelines
Three tractors, three trailers, four motorcycles and spare parts valued at Rs.5.72 million purchased in the year 1990 under the E.R.R.P. project were in the custody of the Holcim Lanka Limited, from the date of purchase up to the end of the year under review, and action had not been taken to value them and disclose in the financial statements.
Correspondingly, the excess of revenue over recurrent expenditure for the preceding year amounted to Rs.33, 295, 405.
To find out whether the expenditure shown in the financial statements of the Project had been satisfactorily reconciled with the enhanced financial reports and progress reports maintained by the Project
Secretaries to Ministries,
Law abiding citizens work with the officers of the community police to combat crimes.
Trade and sundry debtors are shown at invoiced value while provisions for bad and doubtful debts have been reduced.
Circulars 13
4. Marketing Services
Providing donations to persons who are in need due to various reasons and institutions where such people are accommodated
All these 135 exporters have been also registered with this Department for the year 2013.
AFM (Distribution Division 3)
(5) It is appropriate for the field assistants  be considered as a team performing special duties in providing transport facilities provided to the field officers by the government.
National Highways Sector Project – Supplementary Loan:
Table 3
Maduruoya
Reports
1.2 Basis for Opinion
(10) Deferred income
Providing training to 334 disabled male and female youth under the Vocational Training Institutes that are maintained by the Department of Social Services and providing the training allowances to 115 trainees, who are receiving the training
Fees under the Registration of Persons Act No. 32 of 1968
Identify the problems faced by the small and medium enterprises sector to formulate policies and the evaluation program for the small and medium Enterprises.
Organizing the Deyata Kirula National Development Exhibition held in Kuliyapitiya in the year 2014
Manthai West
It is expected to protect state properties and utilize them in a proper and efficient manner in order to avoid wastage and improve deficiency existing in current management systems related to deploying the human resources in an effective and efficient manner for the district development by adhering to Establishment Code, Financial Regulation, Circulars and Directives issued by the Ministry of Public Administration, Department of Treasury and other line ministries from time to time.
Scientific analysis of items such as paper / varieties of insecticides / adhesives material (gum) used for conservation of documents
Small industries
Dr. D. H. P. Peramunugama
(a) Organizing a 10 day week end training course to fulfill educational qualifications.
As a result of decreased business volume, the commercial printing segment's cost of sales decreased by 25% amounting to Rs. 146 million in 2013.
Mrs. N. S. Rodrigo
Employees are eligible for Employees' Provident Fund Contributions and Employees' Trust Fund Contributions in accordance with the respective Statutes and Regulations.
Contract No.: C2A
The details are as given below.
Photogrammetric Plotters (Digital)
5.2. Progress of Social Services
Creating a society based on the pillars of ethics, education and empowerment is essential for social integration.
Over 200 university students, school children and Hindus also participated in the three days.
Department of the Supreme Court
Biotechnology
Of the outstanding acreage tax of Rs. 240,204 as at the beginning of the year under review, only a sum of Rs. 17,034 equivalent to 7% had been recovered.
During the year 2015 four staff officers of the Ministry  participated in overseas training and conferences and the details are given in the numeric table No. 12.
Tunisia
Revenue Code
Moratuwa
Total estimated cost of the Project Rs. 700 million & Proposed Duration of the Project is 36 months.
Balance as per Treasury Books as at 31/12/2014
Acquisition of Plant, Machinery, Equipment, Furniture, Fittings, Office equipment, etc. for the use of Superior Courts Complex Board of Management.
All Officers in the Public Service and the Provincial Public Service holding posts which are permanent and pensionable/ entitled to a Contributory Pension will be eligible to join the Scheme.
A sum of Rupees 41,127,295 had been incurred to construct various buildings thereon from the year 2016.
02  Development Activities
Excise Reward Fund - 2012
“Rise & Shine - Variety program, live telecast daily
For a country to develop, its economic development as well as social development must take place.
Development activities
There were several other programs connected with the Deyata Kirula exhibition.
Raising awareness in Children in the schools which have Child Security Committees
The objective of the Project is to improve effective research, education and promotion activities of dry zone agriculture in the Northern area.
Rehabilitation and Prison Reforms
(b) Arrears of Rupees 314,822 due from 210 water consumers had not been recovered as at the end of the year under review.
(c) Debtors / Creditors Control
The Japanese investment portfolio operates in line with the government's development priorities and covers key areas such as power and energy, water supply, highways, ports and aviation, health, agriculture, irrigation, small and medium enterprises and disaster management maintaining a balance between the said fields.
The following transactions should be credited to the Imprest Adjustment Account.
4. Systems and Controls
Veterinary Surgeon (Pinnawala)
Transfers
Employee Retirement Benefits Payments made to the Employees Provident Fund and the Employees Trust Fund
W I P Elevator
Details of Government Hospitals
External Service
Construction of mobile platform based applications for exhibition purposes amidst staff shortage.
Training
Published Year
Rehabilitation and Improvements of section of Katugastota - Madawala of Digana Road
Relevant person
Divisional Secretariat - Habaraduwa
1.0 BACKGROUND
The Company had failed to supply clinker in terms of the agreement and at the request of the Company, the period of the Letters of Credit had been extended twice.
Parliamentary Election - 2015
Special Events in 2014
Since this is a meritorious act towards the elderly, this program is intended to serve a large number of elderly people.
As required by Section 163(2) of the Companies Act No 07 0f 2007, I state the following
699 A. Mukkuthoduwawa
The inability to collect the receipts from the Armed Forces & the Police hindered the implementation of the Cabinet approved Private / Public Joint Venture Project for the establishment of a Military Grade Footwear Manufacturing Facility.
Volume sold
Afganistan
The Best Dubbing Programme
Association
(ii) Section 186
Annual Report 2011
Institute of Representation
It is here that the longest stone inscription of Sri Lanka was found.
ix. To build up relations with overseas police services having better policing functionality
(Accounts)
Total Expenses Net Effect Savings/ Excess
It is correct to call the Ministry of Home Affairs an excellent and unique Ministry in this country.
Annual Target
More than Four Years
Allocations have been made through various line ministry departments and various social and economic programs representing all the Divisional Secretariats in the Galle District.
Lands have not been depreciated.
4. 2 Internal Audit
Amendment of Apartment Ownership Act
Has been postponed.
Balance 01/01/2013 Rs
Receiving and paying money
Divinaguma - Textiles
A web-based Breakdown management system was installed in 2013 instead of the existed isolated application.
Cost or deemed cost
8.1.1 Elections of Puthukudiiruppu and Maritimepattu Pradeshiya Sabhas of Mullaitivu District which were scheduled to be held on 28.02.2015 under Section 38 (3) of the Local Authorities Elections Ordinance (Chapter 262) as amended by the Local Authorities Elections (Amendment) Act No. 01 of 2002 and in terms of the Extraordinary Gazette No. 1900/2 dated 02.02.2015, were not held due to a court order.
Therefore, in parallel with the normalization of development activities and lifestyles in the Northern Province, the Ceylon Electricity Board has launched a program to restore reliable power supply in the Jaffna Peninsula.
This is audited under my command which is prepared in terms of Section 154 (1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka that should be read in conjunction with the financial statements Act No. 38 of 1971 (I) for the year ended December 31, 2013 and Section 20 (3) of the Protection of the Rights of Elders Act No 09 of 2000.
06.Development of projects of botanical and ecological importance as a research area for animals and plants.
The main donors that provide financial assistance to Sri Lanka are Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden, the European Union, the United States, France, Spain, Austria, Denmark, Belgium, Russia, Australia, the United Kingdom and Hungary.
Foreign Debt
The Daily Physical Fitness Program has been conducted under the Fitness Counseling Unit established by the National Institute of Sports Science.
Those standards intend that I comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements.
Issuing of cheque
Tabling the Botanical Gardens Trust Fund - Annual Reports in the Parliament.
This Department formulates and implements relevant laws to facilitate the development of the livestock sector.
In pursuance of Mutual Assistance in Civil and Commercial Matters Act, No.39 of 2000, 1004 foreign summons issued by the Courts of Sri Lanka with reference to the period between January 2014 to  December 2014, have been furnished to different Courts through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as indicated below.
Development Assistant
Dear Sir/Madam
Cases handled by the Legal Aid Commission.
Legal Adviser - Ministry of Rural Economic Affairs
Bambalapitiya
Kirinda - Puhulwella
Evidence that had not been presented
Home & Industrial  tranning  Programme
It is a department that provides necessary information on the formulation of national level planning policies of the government and for evaluating the progress of those activities.
Baddegama
Variance between Revised Revenue Estimate and Actual Net Revenue Collection
(e) The voucher no. 63 and dated 15 of October 2012 is a cheque prepared to pay the payment to a private electricity company for electricity.
The Director General is required to do so-on the basis of a recommendation by a Board consisting of a Chairman and two other persons appointed by the Hon. Minister under Section 114 (1) of the Mortgage Act No. 6 of 1949.
12 day part time Non-residential languages training courses for Public officers
Supplementary Provision and Supplementary Estimate Allocation (Rs/-)
Economic Development Co-operation Fund
03 Mr. I.M.S.J. Ilankoon
02. Financial Review
New Democratic Front
Information 1 - 9 filled in by the applicant is correct according to the personal file.
Project on Child Protection and Children’s Courts established in cooperation with the United Nations Children’s Fund
The requirement of uniforms for the Armed Forces, Police Department, Special Task Force, Civil Defense Department, Prisons Department, and National Cadet Corps - 2014
Progress of granting self employment loans- Trade wise
Non-availability of chemicals for operations
Thereby SLA was able to reduce its loss during the year by improving the revenue and minimizing the cost.
Official vehicles of judicial officers (Full)
The Best Creation
19. Badulla
2.12:11 Minutes
This unit consists of an Assistant Director, 02 Producers, 01 Production assistant and a Typist Clerk.
9. Administration Charges
Land Use and Planning Project LLRC
In times when viewers were inclined to raise questions about the quality of the present day’s Mega Teledramas, this unit was able to introduce a novel concept to Mega Teledramas with the production of “Isiwara Ranakeli” which is a long running Teledrama, whichIn turn, this captured the attention of a vast number of viewers and proved to be a turning point in the Mega Teledrama culture.
2. Gomarankadawela
According to the Loan Agreement of the Water Sector Development Project II, then Ministry of Water Supply and Drainage, presently the Ministry of City Planning and Water Supply is the Executing Agency and the National Water Supply and Drainage Board is the Implementing Agency of the Project.
Laying foundation stone for new Prison Training School was held on 05.09.2014 at Kotavilawatta in Matara.
01. Secretary to the President
Indicate the name of the service relevant to the post.
This cover provides compensation against Death due to Natural cause. (This cover is in force after 90 days from the policy date.)
3. Community outreach program
Illicit production of state Arrack
Adjustments Previous Years
Electorates
The total of the numbers mentioned in the column “Approved Cadre” and “Existing Cadre” in table 01, should be indicated separately according to the service level.
Water Supply and Sanitation Project
If the page is not enough, add extra pages.
Socio-economic Development through an Efficient Appropriation of Public Resources
14. Pelmadulla
Veterinary Inquiry Centers
Prices and Wages (% change)
Activity
Page Number (as per the relevant DGSA 2 format)
3.5.1 Failure to Document Assets
Re-tuning of the frequencies of the Badulla - Laxapana, Badulla - Ampara, and Habarana - Ukuwela PLC links in order to match the blocking bands of the existing wave traps and eliminating interference to other PLC links
Electoral District No. 12 - Batticaloa
Conducting “Dell” Laptop sales by Softlogic
Implementing programmes for empowering the persons with disabilities and their family members in knowledge, attitudes, and activities
Therefore, an improvement amounting to Rs. 8,206,494 of the financial result was observed.
Hikkaduwa, Elpitiya, Balapitiya
13. Occupation and workplace of the spouse:-
Thirty eight creditors balance valued at Rs. 9,073,339 and 01 debtor balance valued at Rs. 8,657,335 had been eliminated from the books without proper authority.
1. Full depreciation for the year purchased and no depreciation for the year ended.
Source–Department of Immigration & Emigration
Agricultural Research Station - Girandurukotte
Buddha Sasana and Religious Affairs
As the result of very high repairs and maintenance value, the average running cost per kilometer was in the range of Rs 27 - Rs.34
Bulu
1. Financial Statements
The designing work  of the Deyata Kirula stall held at Kuliyapitiya  and all its coordinating activities; the management of events of the National Unity Convention; the establishment and the opening of provincial centres in the North and Sabaragamuwa were performed in parallel with the social integration week; procurement activities of the Kite festival during the  social integration week; providing Sip Trunk facilities to the language call centre of the Ministry; the  establishment  of the Deputy Minister’s office and buying a Video Camera for the media unit were the main activities accommodated under the process of procurement until  the end of month of October.
Following operations were carried out.
I. Hoisting the National Flag by the Head of the Institution or Office, in the presence of the members of all the staff. (at the instances where the gathering of whole staff is restricted due to limited space, any alternative arrangement may be made to ensure the participation of every officer of the institution.)
I confirm that the above information is true and correct.
The Chief of the Polling Station is the Senior Presiding Officer, He/ She is a staff officer or an officer close to staff grade in the government service.
Import/ Export
The objectives of the Project are designing, surveying and supplying of steel material and construction of 104 rural bridges and providing technical assistance and training thereon to the staff of the Road Development Authority.
Polling Division
Impairment losses for cash generating units reduce first the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to that cash generating unit.
Major Activities
Those standards require that I comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements.
IV. Revenue Code – 20.02.01.01
Reference
Financial Progress-Rs. 1.74 million
AIBD training course income
Mrs. K. C. I. Silva
i) Compared to the previous year, the service charge expenditure had registered an increase of 727% and a sum of Rs. 42 million had been received from the Treasury for the completion of three projects and the service income received for carrying out these projects was the reason for this increase.
Though there were shortages in the approved cadre of many services, the establishment matters such as promotions, transfers, etc., were successfully carried out.
G. E. F. Secretariat Sri Lanka
Mrs. Suneetha Gunasinghe
60. Biyagama
Interest on Fixed Deposits
The Fourth SAARC Summit held in Islamabad in Dec 1988 emphasized the need for concrete and result oriented activities within the SAARC framework.
Sri Wishudharamaya, Gampola
This has not been taken to the physical stock.
Ceylon Shipping Corporation Ltd
Form B Revenue Account
Interest – Others
A copy of the letter of the delegation of authority should be furnished to the Auditor General.
Public Administration Circular: 25/2014(I)
Assistant / Deputy Director (Industrialization)
Accordingly, at the district level, District Returning Officer declared the final results of the polling division and the district result on the permission received from the Commissioner of Elections and the Commissioner of Elections declared the result through television and broadcasting media after confirming the accuracy of the result.
J.J. Rathnasiri
Reasons not to close the Account yet
Mr. A. I. M. Gunasekara
* Distance covered
Should be rectified.
Foreign financing plays a significant role in achieving the sustainable economic development goals of the country while maintaining a substantial level of public investment, which currently accounts for nearly 50 percent of the total public investment.
Schedule III
Divisional Secretary,
Its target groups consist of Veterinarians, Livestock officers, Livestock Development officers, and other categories of Department staff.
Guest houses
Net Profit before Income Tax Expenses
Loan & other receivable
Lokugamage Sanjeewa Gemunu Edwin Karunathilaka
Action had not been taken to recover the loss of Rs. 34,653 resulted in due to misplacement of 164 books at 10 libraries pertaining to the Sabha in accordance with the reports of the Board of Survey as at 31 December of the year under review.
The liability of the gratuity is calculated using the simplifications allowed under section 28 of Sri Lanka Financial Reporting Standard for Small and Medium-sized Entities (SLFRS for SMEs).
Even though the identity card number is given at the time of enumeration, the computer programme used in the revision process could detect any incorrect number and in such instances, the Department of Registration of Persons and the voter concerned were informed.
Taxes on International Trade
Administration course on nuclear power plant safety
Allocated Provision / Approved Provision (Rs. million)
Investigation of structural safety of buildings and associated structures
The Sinhala and Tamil New Year Celebration 2016 organized by the Ministry of Rural Economy was held at the Ministry on 19.04.2016 at 9.00 am under the patronage of Hon. Minister, Mr. P. Harrison.
Cumulative expenditure up to end of December 2015 was Rs. 162.19 million.
The Bill approved by the Cabinet Sub Committee on Legislation was referred to the Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs, as it bears responsibility for the subject.
Rs.3,150 Million
Elpitiya
Revenue from the sale of seed packets
The programme ‘Ranga Bhoomy’ aiming the students who follow Drama and Aesthetic education was telecast throughout the year 2012 on Sundays.
Allocation (Million)
9. Summary of Accounting Activities
Employee Cost
(f) The interest income on the fixed deposits for the year under review shown under the other income in the income statement and the interest receivable on fixed deposits had been understated by a sum of Rs. 169,828.
(g) Whether the financial statements had been prepared on the basis of Sri Lanka Accounting Standards,
The work of 02 water projects of which the estimated value was Rupees 3,310,247 had not been completed even by December 2017.
Five ex-officio members, namely:
Program Coordinating Officer
Identifying resource requirements (inputs) of each activity or group of activities and the output in relation to the cost center.
Mr. M. V. Piyasena
Filling of Vacancies in the Municipal Councils in the year 2015
Department of Import and Export Control
Amount Incurred from Provisions (Rs. Cents)
Galgamuwa Pradeshiya Sabha
Hon. Sarathi Dushmantha, Attorney-at-Law, Deputy Minister
A separate division has already been established under the Department of National Budget to monitor the implementation of all capital projects including budget proposals and should closely liaise with this Division to ensure achieving required targets.
This Council consists of two judges of the Supreme Court nominated by the Chief Justice, two members of the Bar Association of Sri Lanka, six members appointed by the Minister of Justice and three ex-officio members.
Mrs.R. A. Sopinona
(c) 12 items of assets totalling Rs. 571,680 had not been brought to account.
481 Sindathiya
Cumulative physical progress was 7% to end of December 2015.
Elder Cover Sponsorship Scheme
Administration of Anaipanthi Gurukula Building, Jaffna
Transfer as completed assets
Credited during the year
400 Metre-Hurdle (Female)
Arrangements were made to hold this program on a grand scale in the Kulankulam village with the participation of the parents and elders of the Musali Divisional Secretariat at the district level.
Same
Revenue code
Project Name/ RDA Division: 46/1 Galle-Deniyaya-Madampe road AA 017
Financial Recurrent
(Sent on compulsory leave from 24.03.2011.)
Excise (Special Provisions) Tax
Speeding up of surveys of articles of institutions and supervision on all surveys and disposal reports to ensure whether they are properly carried out
Mrs. D. G. Kalinga (Under interdiction)
3.10 Impairment testing of property, plant and equipment
Steps were taken by the Official Languages Commission to form language promotion circles with the long term objective of establishing a trilingual environment by developing school children’s knowledge, attitudes and understanding on the Official Languages Policy.
Registration of Societies
Vavuniya South
An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the Management as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
Summary of Recurrent Expenditure in 2014 compared to 2013
58 Mrs. V. Devendra, P. M. S. II
The Commissioner shall publish a notice of nomination specifying the period of nomination which shall commence on the fourteenth day after the date of publication of the notice and expire at twelve noon on the twenty-first day after the day of publication of such notice.
26. Super Map GIS Training Program
This section of the Southern Expressway with a total length of 126 km is the first access controlled expressway in Sri Lanka which starts from Kottawa in the Western Province and ends at Godagama in the Southern Province.
State Dance Festival
With the participation of nearly 300 youth.
Institutional Job oriented Training
Vehicles
Whether the Company has complied with any applicable law, or any other general or special directions issued by the governing body of the Company.
Improvement of 80.8 km of National Road – A-28 from Padeniya to Anuradhapura including 30 bridges
Vehicle Repairs
Revised Maximum Monthly Rent VAT Free (Rs.)
The relevant Appointing Authorities should take expeditious action to include an intensive language training course under the guidance of the Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration as a part of the induction training provided to the recruits to any service/post belonging to the categories that require a higher proficiency level than Category 04, as indicated at paragraph 03 above. This should aim for those recruits to acquire proficiency in the official language other than the language in which they entered the service (officers who joined the service in English Medium should acquire the proficiency in either one of the official languages as applicable).
Laksala recorded a sales income of Rs.504.3 million in the year 2012 due to this and it was a 71.5% increase compared to the year 2011.
Arul Vaakkukal - 250 Copies
Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery or Corruption
04.Promotion of herbal plants industry
The promising line PC 1, suitable for both green and dry chilli.
7. To engage the disabled war heroes to work with self- confidence
The long list of local as well as international awards and accolades we have won this year is ample proof for the recognition and appreciation of the national duty which we have fulfilled creatively.
The Sabha had not been paid even though it has been informed that it will be deducted from the salary of the transferred officer.
04. Heads of the institutions should ensure that no loan balance is included in Advance "B" accounts in respect of those officers who have been granted the Retirement/Death Gratuity for the year 2018 and for the coming years following the provisions of this circular.
Training and Feasibility programs for the staff of the Institute.
The Amount Achieved
Rural Community
5.5  Reid Avenue Sports Complex
Auction
The contract work will be completed in November 2015.
i. File management under the standard Operating System with the use of the computer
However, the lands owned and used by the Pradeshiya Sabha since the time of the Development Councils and owned by the Reforms Commission and many other lands also belong to the Pradeshiya Sabha.
Primary Level - Semi-skilled
Health
Reconciliation of public officers Advance Account
During the visit of H.E. the President of Sri Lanka to China in 2013, the proposal for a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) was discussed.
Other Festivals
Source - Irrigation Department - Eastern Province
Profit & Loss Account
Action for recovery of arrears amounting to Rs. 34,184,264 as at 31 December 2012 had not been taken.
A. Mannar
(1) Expenditure Authority
The audit of financial statements of the Ruwanpura Expressway Project for the year ended 31 December 2017 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
48 Mr. H. T. I. Lakmal, P. M. S. III
Accordingly, the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed in June 2014.
Fourth Quarter
Under Biomass Power Projects, there are three(3) Agricultural and Industrial Waste Power Plants and two(2) Dendro Power Plants of a total capacity of 18 MW, which are connected to the grid.
Preparation and distribution of grain products for consumption
2. Permanent Address:-
09. Engineering consultancy services.
An Agreement on Trade and Economic Cooperation between Sri Lanka and Belarus was signed during the state visit of H.E the President of Sri Lanka to Belarus in August 2013, with the objective of further strengthening bilateral trade and economic relations between the two countries.
Seedlings Nursery – Kotmale
A few of income generating training programmes also are conducted by the National Language and Training Institute.
The Company establishes policy for provision for impairment (Refer note 2.11 to the financial statements) that represents the estimate of incurred losses in respect of trade receivables.
10. Renovation of Guard Room at Nugegoda Magistrate’s Bungalow
The Finance Commission approves the projects of all provincial plans with a view to contributing to the development process of the country after careful evaluation.
This course will not commence till that is completed.
i. Reported Crimes and Solutions
Economic Service Charges (ESC)
Sri Lanka – Maldives
Protection Development
Preparation of the annual departmental action plan
Kollonnawa
At the end of the year
Classification Schedules in terms Of new Accounting Standards
Progress of the Consumer Affairs Unit - 2015
Digitalization of Terrestrial Television Broadcasting Project -“Ru-Sankya” Loan
While the Field Exploration at the Thotapola Hills,
3.5 Information Technology and Productivity
Remeasurement
Vidatha Income
11. Chairman - University of Moratuwa Non-Academic Services
The Transmission Division plans, develops, operates, and maintains all transmission assets of the CEB while at the same time provides relevant services to the other Divisions of CEB.
HM 2 - 1
Farm and hybrid breeding programs have been implemented to suit each agro-climatic zone.
Dr. S. A. Krishnaraja
Equity & liabilities
Service
Aircraft Maintenance and Overhaul Costs
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Long Jump
The spinetoram performed well and showed to be effective in reducing the incidence of shoot and pod borer damage.
Profit after tax / (loss)
Implementation of livestock and crop integrated farms where possible
(Allocation and Release of Province Specific Development Grant 2010 – 2014 are in Annex 3)
2012 -Rs'mn
10. As a property manager for an offender incarcerated
Additional Secretary - Regional Industry Development
Investment in Related Companies
Vinod Silva, Manager of the Alagalla Estate, shared his experiences at Mount Himalayan exploration.
However, the action being made to release the above teachers who works at Puththalam District to North Central Province.
1. Attorney General's Department
Instead, the Board will report that the patient is not fit for the present employment and is “permanently and totally disabled”.
Agrarian Research and Training Institute, Kobbekaduwa
As the 2018 budget will be formulated based on the Performance-Based Budgeting, you are kindly requested to consider the above when requesting resources for achieving measurable outputs/outcomes.
Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization
Liabilities and provisions are recognized when the Institution has obligations to settle it as a legal or favorable obligation in the event that it becomes an outward economic advantage as a result of an event.
Other Deposits
Internal repairs of two motor vehicles amounting to Rs. 510,065 had been made contrary to the instructions of the circulaRs.
There, the attention has been paid to meeting foreign financing needs through a systematic mix of existing concessional finance sources and non-concessional and less concessional loans.
Total Expenditure (Rs)
The Director General of Combined Services will take relevant action in this respect by informing the Transfer Committees.
Less: Share of Profit of Associates Net of Tax
June- July
Third Quarter Report of the Internal Audit – 2013
Personal Assistant
Checking of the Nursery Working Account - Welikadamulla Plant Nursery - 2012
'Technical Bulletins' are prepared by the Engineers in the Technical Bulletins Division.
Over 50 years
Assistant Director of Research (Chemical)
Revision of the Sections in Volume I of the Establishments Code in accordance with the Provisions of the Right to Information Act No.12 of 2016
Services/Posts
Nature of the SLFRS Adjustments / Effects
Work in Progress
Yakabedda Akuressa
1196 Hindu Aranery Teachers participated and benefitted
The estimates had been prepared in September 2017 for a sum of Rs. 2,217,000 for 02 roads without the authority and the awareness of the Sabha in the year 2016 and was referred to the Department of Local Government to obtain provisions by producing incorrect information that 75 per cent of works had been completed.
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 1.2 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Excise Reward Fund as at 31 December 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
ADB loan repayment
Numeric Table - 06
Implementing measures to introduce authentic and cultural experience to tourists, rather than the conventional tourism offerings
Subsequently, the Amendment Bill was approved by Parliament on 26.11.2015 and published as the Appropriation (Amendment) Act No. 15 of 2015.
To mobilize external financing at a minimal cost for Sri Lanka's economic and social development programs while maintaining the long term debt sustainability of the country.
2003 111 'සි - සෟ'
Other Receivables
Under this exercise, 4 main projects are in operation.
Arrears of Revenue (if any)
14. Miss Ceylinco VIP
The Numeric Table – 05 below shows the number of reported narcotic drugs related offences and their resolutions that followed.
Total amount allocated under this Expenditure Head
12.2 Distribution of daily mail
1.5 Responsibilities of Management and those charged with governance for the Financial Statements
The first ever military reality musical program in the world titled “Ranaviru Real Star” was supervised and produced throughout the year 2012 successfully by this unit.
Special attention was paid to minimize congestion of inmates in existing prisons during the process of prison rehabilitation.
Ownership of shares as at 31 December 2013
Crop estimation survey which is necessary for the country’s national policy and planning is conducted annually to estimate the production of paddy.
Improving the efficiency and quality of the Judicial Service by training Scheduled and Non-Scheduled Officers other than Judges serving in the Judiciary and minimizing delays in the litigation mechanism and providing a better service to the people.
Thursday, 31 August, 2017
1) Although the number of Field Assistant posts approved by the Forest Department is 1,000, only 692 officers are currently in service;
As a result of rapid development in the tourist sector, it was reported that the number of tourist arrivals has increased during recent times, and when we looked at how we can capitalize this favorable situation to improve livelihood of craftsmen, it was observed that introducing gift and souvenir items targeting the tourism sector is the most viable strategy.
The audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the management as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
Mr. M. P. Vipulasena
The Corporation had paid a sum of Rs.1,167,122 as a penalty for delays in 6 six instances during the year 2011.
(b) The address from where the officer generally report for duty, the distance to the place of accident, the way of traveling, the distance of the travel and the time spent (Further clarifications shall be made if the accident has occurred at a place away from the normal route.)
However, pipe laying works under the Panama Water Supply Scheme in Ampara district had not been completed even as at 31 December 2016.
They could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
Motor Mechanics
2.2. Revenue Administration
Out of that, a sum of Rs. 13,435,491 represented balances older than 02 years while a sum of Rs. 35,307,781 represented balances older than 03 years.
Rise and Shine,
A brief description of the level of performance achieved in the year 2012, by the office of the National Secretariat for Elders, in accordance with the policy decisions and pre-determined procedures of the National Council for Elders, with a view to bringing about well-being for the elders in Sri Lanka, is stated below.
National Enterprise Development Authority has planned these Entrepreneur Award Ceremonies with the objective of recognizing, rewarding, and motivating Entrepreneurs who have profoundly contribute to the economic development of Sri Lanka.
02. Comparative Information
The institute has some assets which are transfer from the ministry & department of Labour in time to time when beginning the institute.
Musical Instruments
Sri Lanka has exported US $ 12.59 million worth of goods to Bangladesh, India, Maldives, Nepal and Pakistan under the SAFTA in 2014.
Number
The following projects were implemented by the Department up to 31st December 2014.
The main saltern is located near the Puttalam Lagoon.
Projects under construction from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015
Awareness Program
Management Assistant
Manthai East, Thunukkai
Project transferred
Name of Ministry/ Department/ District Secretariat:
Compilation of principles of policy
The main function assigned to the Labour Tribunals is to hear and dispose of the applications received in respect of disputes in terms of Section 31(b) of the Industrial Disputes Act No.62 of 1957.
Aluth sahal mangalya - Parakrama Samudraya Scheme
Green Cities for Health and Prosperity
Nepal
The following functions with regard to these institutions were carried out by the Department of National Budget to improve their financial and management efficiency.
Accordingly in 2012, entries were sent in for international competitions such as Prix Jeunesse International in Germany, ABU Prize 2012 in Malaysia, World TV Awards in Thailand, U R I T Grand Prix Author’s Documentary in France, Japan Prize 2012 in Tokyo, Japan.
Establishment of wildlife circles in schools
Subsection 3:7, Chapter XXXII of the Establishments Code
11 November - 21 November
As such, the attention of the Corporation had not been paid to making use of a budget as an instrument of management control.
Bosath Dampal Harasara Debate Competition
Development Performance of the Year 2012
20. Opinion of the Auditor General
Action could not take due to the delay in getting the files and Board of Survey report and reported as taken relevant action in current year.
Muslim Republic of Iran
Qatar
Uniform to staff
2.5. If any Ministry/ Department or District Secretariat has procured goods or services from another state or private institution during the year 2015, action should be taken to account the relevant bills on or before 31st December 2015.
Boondala
04. Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs
Tractor Operator
Make policy decisions on compensation payment for the loss of lives and other damages due to wild elephants.
The audit of the financial statements of the Skills Development Fund Limited for the year ended 31 March 2019 comprising the statement of financial position as at 31 March 2019 and the statement of comprehensive income and cash flow statement for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements including a summary of significant accounting policies was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with provisions of the National Audit Act No.19 of 2018.
Kottawa to Dodangoda (34 Km)
Contribution to Contingencies Fund
Activities on cultural and religious affairs
Institute for Agro-Technology and Rural Science
11.2 As the Department of Elections was converted to the Election Commission and as it was decided to establish the Election Commission in the Elections Secretariat, actions to move  the Deputy Commissioner of Election’s (Admin) Division and the record room, at the Elections Secretariat commenced in the year 2015 and this work was entrusted to the National Building Research Organization.
The arrival of 102 missions from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) including missions who came for high-level consulting in 2014
Program Number and Name: 01 Operational Program
Registration of 2000 System Level FOs under Agrarian Services Act No. 46
Provide necessary support services by this division for procurement activities to carry out development programs in the district
4.2 Advance Account 'B"  - Annexure - 05
Pensions
Biological Assets
Mrs. A. W. P. Babynona
Mullaitivu
October 1 - 5, 2012
Prepare an emergency kit containing:
Discounts on Treasury Bills and Treasury Bonds
In order to make Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation popular, this unit has ensured providing the children who visit the Rupavahini Corporation with proper knowledge and sending letters to the Principals about the must-watch programmes for children.
Soyamu Pilithuru
Signature of Head of Institutions
2.2.3 Lack of Evidence for Audit
The reason is the increase in the length of the feed lines.
Because we operate in a very competitive market.
R. C. P. S. Rankoth
Secretary to the Treasury and Secretary to the Ministry of Finance and Mass Media
Ensuring the survival, well-being and natural behavioral characteristics of the captive animals.
(b) In addition to the 15% of Agents' commission, an incentive scheme was also introduced for advertising agents during the year 2012, in order to attract the advertisements.
2.5 Income Statements
The increase of the overall receipts of the Fund by Rs.  7,990,488 or 8 percent as compared with the preceding year had been the main reason for the increase in the surplus.
3rd Batch
All Institutions should submit certified copies of Accounting Statements obtained through the New CIGAS program to the Auditor General monthly.
Focus Marketing and Engineering Investigation into the misuse of the authority by the District Project  Engineer
(d) Out of the sum of Rs. 26,941,268 spent in the year under review on public relations expenditure, 25.33 per cent or a sum of Rs. 6,831,000 had been made available in 03 instances to 03 institutions.
2.2 Ratios and Percentages
Official vehicles of the Ministry (Full)
0-03 months
Broom/ Ekle Broom Making, Tailoring, Bakery, Carpentry, Weaving, Laundry, Soap Making, Masonry, Blacksmith,  Mechanic
Pumping Test
Sri Lanka, though a Non-Least Developed State given the size and vulnerability of its economy was able to secure the consent of other members to complete her TLP for Non-LDC countries by 2014.
Closing balance- cash and cash equivalents
The Sri Lanka Labour Force Survey is a continuous survey carried out from the first quarter.
9. Certificate Course in English Language
3.5.2 Assets not transferred
Cashier (111)
Contact the Comptroller General's Office for further details.
10. Training
Weligepola
Stock valuation is done on a first-in-first-out (FIFO) basis.
Accordingly, 251 participants were trained in 2014 through the 05 Teacher Training Programmes.
10.2 Foreign
Under the equity method, the investments are initially recognized at cost, and the carrying amount is increased or decreased to recognize the investor’s share of the profit or loss of the investee after the date of acquisition.
02. It has been decided at the meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers held on 05.09.2013 to revise the conditions stipulated in Sub-Section 10:1 thereof as follows.
Establishment of Geodetic Control Network and upgrading it to a higher accuracy introducing the Global Positioning System (GPS), preparation of 1:50,000 Topographical Map series replacing One Inch Topographical series., 1 : 10,000 Topographical Map Series covering 80% of the country, Colombo and suburbs town maps in the scale of 1:2000, preparation and maintenance a Topographical Vector Databases in the scale of 1: 250,000, 1:50,000 and 1:10,000 are only the few of great services which have been provided.
Acquisition of imprests from General Treasury as per the requirements,according to the provisions of ministry
4.1 Transfer of Government Revenue
Management Assistant
Attendance of Korean consultants
Old Road,
The carrying amount of replaced parts, are derecognized.
Priorities
Diagram 2. Issue of identity cards to close relatives of war heroes for the purpose of granting priority
There are no material events after the reporting period that require adjustments to or disclosure in the financial statements other than following;
Collection of product prices
Chief Secretaries of Provincial Councils and
Members of the Board
Roads
Assistant Course Coordinator
Sri Lanka Economy at a Glance
Rajagiriya.
Total amount collected in respect of year 2016
Capital Expenditure - 2014
2. Mission
(a) Section 13 (5) (d) of the Finance Act No.38 of 1971
Ratnapura District Secretariat Office
(b) Action Plan
(b) Out of 83 projects completed from the year 2004 to the year 2011, the research reports relating to 41 projects had not been furnished.
Estimated Cost: Rs. 9,352 Mn
Publications, Patents, Awards, and Appraisals
E-Library was Launched.
A higher upward progress is evident in the tasks of bringing to light of the illicit liquor and narcotic drugs related offences compared to the previous years as a result of the committed efforts and investigations by all Regional Divisions, Special Task Force and Anti Narcotic Division of the Police Department.
(f) Purchase and Distribution of Eye Lenses
In 1985 he obtained a Diploma in National Technology (Agriculture) from Hardy Senior Institute of Technology, Ampara.
The conditions reflected in these indicators are also confirmed by indicators prepared by various international organizations in this regard.
Copy: Auditor General
Name:
Ministry of Agriculture,  Agrarian Services Centre
Web Master
Dividend received
(i) Out of 75 tons of garbage collected per month, about 30 tons had been dumped into pits dug in a private land obtained on lease and accordingly, environmental issues may be created in the future.
Around four Youth Camps were held for a year and 100-150 boys and girls of 18-30 age group representing Sinhala, Tamil and Muslim nationalities participate at each Youth Camp.
By that, over 7500 Hindu public benefitted.
Accordingly, joint programs with various Ministries are being implemented.
D. G. S. A. - 7
Field testing of mobile radio communication systems at the Upper Kotmale power station
4. Multipurpose Buildings
Construction of the Auditorium
The institutions coming under this project are Attorney General's Department, Police Department, and Ministry of Health.
Numeric Table - 11
Improve mobility
Idle Assets
Pool for small Children
The main purpose of this initiative was to maintain these institutions as models that set examples to other government institutions engaged in related subjects.
The examination also included such tests as deemed necessary to assess the following.
Starting balance
(i)	Acton has been taken by now to rectify the shortcomings in maintaining the log book.
Financial Progress – 30%
Creditors -S Jayathilake
It collects prices from retailers, wholesalers and manufacturers.
Participants
Counting Procedure
Asian Development Bank,
Under Expenditure Head 261-1-1-0-2104, the net allocation for buildings and constructions was Rs. 60,000,000.00.
Under the current Cooperation Framework, the United Nations agencies have been agreed to allocate approximately US $ 405 million for a period of five years from 2013.
Mrs. D.C.K.K. Kulatunge - Senior Scientific Officer, Life Sciences Division, AEA
12. Repairs of High Court Judge's Quarters at Polonnaruwa
Staff Training
System which enables to find e-mails
Land Expences
INT/7/018
Volunteering
1. Mr.Hasali Rajapaksha
As a result, the financial results for the year under review had been overstated by Rs. 3,652,341.
Raththota, Pallepola
Insurance corporation medical scheme
Experiments are ongoing.
Education
Three hundred and four industries are engaged in commercial production in the industrial area.
Fines and forfeits
Mrs. M.C.N.Balasuriya
The bulk amount is apportioned between the provinces, based on a set of criteria developed by the Commission.
Before Tax
Send
(i) Action will be taken to attach the contract agreement for the purpose of constructing the sick room at Sarana Sewana Elders Home, Walalpitiya, Embilipitiya to the file.
Institute of Construction Training and Development
Establishment of eco-friendly amusement parks attracting local and foreign tourists
The location of the Ratnapura District in the southwest of Sri Lanka has greatly affected the survival and economic development of the people living there historically and geographically.
The value of the Karambe Mee Wewa Ginipenda auctioned land amounting to Rs. 50,000 had been brought to the account twice.
Rent and Work Advance Reserve
13 Mrs. M. D. C. Kumuduni, Assistant Title Investigation Officer
5.13.3 Capital Expenditure by Project - 1
Liquidity
Rental income is recognized on an accrual basis.
(d) according to the Public Enterprises Circular No.PED/12 dated 02 June 2003, the financial statements should be presented to Auditor General within 60 days after the closure of the financial year but, the financial statements had been presented on 05 November 2019 after a delay of 09 months and 05 days.
August 06
Additional General Manager - (Distribution Division 2)
i. About 36 tones of bio degradable waste out of 50 tones of waste collected monthly within the authoritative area of the Sabha are being used to produce compost fertilizer but action had not been  taken to dispose of the glass remnants in an environmentally friendly manner.
14,259 through 652 Programs
No.of total flags
Ex-situ conservation measures were also taken when necessary and herbarium specimens were also prepared.
Signature, Name and Designation of Revenue Accounting Officer
(b) Even though the Corporation incurred losses continuously up to the year 2011, it was observed that the Corporation earned profits in the year 2012 due to the reforms undertaken.
Registration Fees of Relevant to the Department of Registrar General
Building of a summer hut
3. Weligama
Consolidated Funds
In terms of provisions in Article 23 (5) (a) of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and in particular, to ensure the rightful exercise of the franchise and a free and fair election or referendum, the following guidelines are issued by the Commissioner of Elections/ Election Commission, to be followed by all electronic and print media institutions and personnel involved.
Length of the bridge(m):
Objections
Scholarships from the Kuwait Govt
Secondary Level
The court fines and stamp fees receivable from the Chief Secretary of the Provincial Council as at 31 December 2017 amounted to Rupees 8,721,589 and Rupees 36,413,507 respectively.
Imports
Northern Road Connectivity Project: Asian Development Bank
THE STRENGTHENING ENFORCEMENT OF LAW, ACCESS TO JUSTICE AND SOCIAL INTEGRATION (SELAJSI)
Distant perceptual eclipses
Distribution of drinking water - Drought
Five promising lines having potential yields of 2 t/ha were tested in the National Coordinated Varietal Trial program.
Auditing Officer
Vehicle parking income
Capacity Development program for Resident Business Managers
An allocation of Rs.900,000.00 has been granted for this CBR program in year 2015 and the financial progress is 100%.
Develop standards for the consulting service
To provide leadership for the nation in conservation of country's biodiversity without depleting natural stock
The revenue of this botanical garden, which receives nearly 200,000 visitors annually is Rs. 16.88 million and it has increased by 6.7% when compared to the previous year.
Social Development Institute  - Thalawa Training Centre
Mr N.T. Mahendra Wijesekara - Executive Director
The Company has entered into an operating lease agreement with Lanka Industrial Estate Limited for a period of 17 years.
Parliament passed the Appropriation Bill on 24. 11. 2014.
Sri Lanka Exercise Book Manufacturers' Co-operative Society Ltd.
7. Kataragama
Keeping Stolen Properties
Collection and preservation of all statistical information available in the district (this is done by our Statistics Division)
9.2.2. Mr. T. Akilan of Class III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service was attached to Department of Elections with effect from 29.04.2015 and he was appointed as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Jaffna District Elections Office with effect from 30.06.2015 by the letter No. 75/10/4749 dated 10.04.2015 of the Secretary to the Ministry of Public Administration, Provincial Councils, Local Government and Democratic Governance.
Number of those who were under correction orders
Number of projects
The same has been referred to Ministry of Defense, which is responsible for the subject.
Bond Issue
Note - 03
Establishment of a technical cooperation program with the Government of Belarus to train Sri Lankan veterinarians on modern techniques related to dairy farming.
Mr.K. K. Piyasena
In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the Project’s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Project’s internal control.
iii. Public Investment at 5.5 percent of GDP Budget
Public Administration Circular
(i) Register of Fixed Assets
Medical
D. S. Office - Bentota
2.  Unmarried and unemployed sisters over 26 years of age
Duty officers/engineering fees
Statement of financial position as at March 31
Monetary and Financial Sources at the Beginning of the Period
First Quarterly Newsletter
A special translation unit has been set up in the Court of Appeal to translate case files from Tamil to English with a view to providing proper redressal of legal delays which are the main objectives of this Project.
Textbook printing
Chapter 2 - Welfare Programme for Persons with Disabilities
There were also practical and theoretical training for making a speech, presenting, conducting programmes, and conducting seminars.
In addition, the Audit Management Committee meets with the Auditor General's Department and the external auditors to review the audit and ensure the purpose and independence of the auditors.
It has become very difficult to stop the over exploitation and export of the biological resources without proper authorization due to lack of legislative support in the country.
Expansion of the research sector using modern technology and taking necessary measures for the qualitative and quantitative development of products based on the findings of the research.
5. If the limit is exceeded / decreased then that value
(b) The tea cultivators in Galle district had not been directed to form Outgrowers’ Societies/ Groups to improve their Smallholder Agribusiness.
Hand axe - 02
Mr. Sisira Disanayaka
The institute had conducted a number of training programmes for officers and employees in the field of the judiciary by now as follows.
Debt service payments from 2007 to 2014 and forecasts up to 2018 (USD million)
Accordingly, the annual target is to develop 338 in the workshop and 25 by external craftsmen.
If an officer who entered the service in the English Medium, has passed the subject of Sinhala/Tamil Language and Literature at the G.C.E. (O./L.) Examination prior to entering the service or while in the service, he can be considered as having fulfilled the requirement of obtaining the level of first language proficiency in that official language.
Stores provided to public sector institutions free of rent
3.1 Composition of Staff
Color washing the walls
The Public Trustee shall subject to the provisions of Public Trustee Ordinance, Civil Procedure Code, Judicature Act and other written rules
Approved Allocation for 2014 (Rs. Mn.)
Numeric Table - 41
35/5, Samagi Mawatha, Thalahena, Malambe
In 2013, the group achieved a Profit before tax & fair value adjustment amounting to Rs. 73.1 million.
June - Programme on the Improvement of the Water Supply and Waste Water Management in Greater Colombo - Phase II (US $ 88 million)
651 Iginimitiya East
Air Terminal, Duty Free and Other Services
Other Income & Gains
D. M. De Silva Elders Home, Pothuwil
Annual Report 2012
The total number of applications received within the specified period was 627,728 and only 567,780 were accepted.
Note 09-bank overdrafts
Should pass the written test conducted by the Department of Examinations on behalf of the Department of Official Languages and the oral test conducted by the Department of Official Languages, in relation to the Proficiency Level of this category.
Assisting the Secretary to the Ministry in her capacity as Chief Accounting Officer to fulfil the financial obligations of the Ministry and maintain accountability to the Parliament
This depreciation policy had been adopted from the beginning of the Project.
Money generated from operations
Preliminary rounds of discussions with Hindu religious leaders have been held.
Divisional Secretariat - Balapitiya
Interest on Lending to Government Officials
(a) Attention had not been paid for the following matters which were emphasized in the audit report issued in the preceding year.
Director General/CEO
Total number of employees of the Corporation as at 31st December 2012 was 1006
Issuance of Budget Circulars
Deficit income
Improving and upgrading the physical infrastructure to serve the people: road, water supply, sanitation, education etc.
Program on Plastic Waste Management
Approved
Number of Seats obtained by Political Parties under each electorate is given in brackets.
Expenditure which is deemed to have a benefit or relationship to more than one financial year is classified as a deferred expenditure.
Balance as at 31.12.2012
Action should be taken to settle account balances receivable.
Damana
Total of the recurrent expenditure (Note 5- 9)
1. development of 10 basin investment plans
(a) The information relating to the eligibility clearance and the approval granted for sub-loans by the Project Management Unit (PMU) during the year under review were not made available to audit.
The work undertaken by the Transmission Design Branch is as follows,
The main reason attributable to the depreciation of net assets by 147% in comparison to the previous year was the increase of payable liabilities by approximately Rs 10 million, miscellaneous debtors by Rs. 5 million and the provisions by Rs 5 million.
Mannar Public Stadium
(g) The unsettled balance of the Dishonored Cheques Account receivable as at 31 December 2012 amounting to Rs. 757,498 relating to the sale of the Sevana Lottery tickets continued to be brought forward since the year 1996.
Existing substantial differences between the estimated and actual income.
The Company determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition and classifies its financial assets as follows:
08 November - 19 November
Sivarathri Festival conducted at Sivan Temple, Ratnapura
Dry weather prevails during the rest of the year and the average temperature in this period is 32 0c.
Furthermore, fuel had been issued without examining the running charts relating to 04 vehicles.
Completed and sent to courts - 469
Mahailuppallama and Maho areas were suitable for off-season cultivation.
Construction of Circuit Bungalows at Koralaipattu North Division by Ministry of Home Affairs
The arrears of revenue amounting to Rupees 24 million as at 31 December of the preceding year had declined up to Rupees 17 million by the end of the year under review.
Legislation to amend the gazette notification regarding the Hanthana Environmental Protection Area
Ananda National School - Chilaw
Variance
User Names and Passwords approved for the New CIGAS web application that you have already approved for the Institution can also be used to obtain the relevant Monthly/Annual Accounting Statements.
The audit of financial statements of the HIV New Funding Model Component of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria Project for the year ended 31 December 2017 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Article 13(b) of the Grant Agreement No. 977- LKA-H-MOH dated 26 November 2015 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria.
We have measured the water level and collected water sample with respect to monsoon seasons.
Rent on Government Buildings
Conducting the National Occupational Safety and Health Week under the theme of “Towards a Green   World through Occupational Safety and Health”.
Lanka Mineral Sands Ltd., 541/21, Sarana Mawatha, Rajagiriya
Approved Estimate 2014 (Rs. Cents)
RS 2 - 2016
Training Centre/ Place
1.2.7. Transactions not Supported by Authority
Verification Mechanism relating to SAPTA and SAFTA Rules of Origin
May - Southern Road Connectivity Project (US $ 75 million)
Mullaitivu - Kokilai - Pulmoddai Road
Planning and implementation socio-economic development programs aimed at minimizing people’s dependence on natural resources in wildlife reservations
Officers in this department engaged actively in the program of registration of computerized Land (E-Land hub), implemented by the Ministry of Lands and Land Development for Bimsaviya Progarm and made a total contribution for its plans and activities.
It was found that the Leaf Colour Charts can be employed to determine the nitrogen requirement of maize, reducing Nitrogen losses.
Action has been taken to provide departmental instructions to provincial, district and divisional staff promptly and systematically via internet and email.
Granting Permanent Appointments as per budget proposals 2015 to the employees recruited on Temporary, Casual (on daily wages), Substitute, Contract or relief Basis
07.30 p.m. to 10.30 p.m.
Retirement under Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS)
Paid gratuity
Accordingly, the relevant Ministry allocated Rs. 46,936,034.00 last year for the construction of two factories at a cost of Rs. 23,468,017.00 per building.
We give high priority to corporate governance and strive to manage the company in a manner similar to the listed companies bound by the listing rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The District Secretariat is situated at the middle of Puttalam city.
(10) Total of reimbursement Claims outstanding as at 31st December 2018
16 Mrs. R. N. Edirisinghe, Assistant Title Investigation Officer
Contractor registration income
Two leaflets & 2 posters on wildlife are being printed in Tamil & Sinhala media.
Kalkudah road
Apart from the above, the National College of Design, which also functions as a hub for the creation of diploma courses and innovations, is established at the premises of the Head Office, providing an opportunity for talented young people to gain professional knowledge from the national level to the international level.
Advances amounting to Rs. 8,347,144 and Rs. 40,918,417 granted to suppliers for purchases in the years 2011 and 2012 respectively, had not been settled even by 31 December 2012.
Official Language Proficiency Oral tests were also held for 2440 candidates from Uva Province on 24th and 25th of November 2014.
Foreign aid USD 420 million
Performance of the Divisions
1.3 Auditor’s Responsibility
(Prepared according to the information supplied by the Regional Colleges)
License & insurance motor vehicles
National Science Council
The main information system projects undertaken by the Institute during the year include the following.
A report containing the scores obtained by each exhibition stall was also prepared.
Sales income has been increased up to Rs.144 M in the year 2013/14.
July – National Boxing Team
BRAIN SURGERY
Principle Activities and Nature of Operations
Preparing a National cross-sectoral policy and an Integrated Master plan for the Tourism Industry in collaboration with all the relevant public Institutions (2015-2020)
Public Services Commission
Teacher Training Programmes to teach Public Officers and Civil Society
Accordingly, we were able to capture a sizeable volume of the Government school textbook printing tender and the printing of the Sri Lanka Telecom National Telephone Directory.
22:8:1 In case where both mother and father are public officers, only one officer shall be allowed to obtain leave as per above 22:8 above.
Percentage of people who submitted National Identity Cards in relation to each year
Mr. U. V. H. Jayatilleke
Classes completed as at 31.12.2015
People's Bank - Vavuniya Branch
Inventories Receivable
'Liabilities' are transactions of which payments have not been made to the relevant parties, although goods, services or assets and services pertaining to construction contracts have been received during the respective accounting year.
Ten Geophysical Investigations have been carried out in Ampara District to identify most suitable site for construction of test bore holes.
Chapter 01
All members of the National Council for Elders who have played a huge role in the responsibility, as well as the staff of the National Elders Secretariat, including the Director, and the Adult Maintenance Board should commended.
New District Secretariat Complex
Corporate and Regulatory Relations
1. Financial Statements
Additional work of the Mattakkuliya Building and Corridor
Luxury Motor Vehicle Tax
Financial Leasing Liabilities
Accordingly, the expenditure exceeding the recurring income of the previous year was Rs. 220,059.
Divisional Secretariat - Bope Poddala
March 12 - 28, 2013
Colombo, Kalutara, Matara, Galle, Kurunegala, Avissawella, Ratnapura, Kandy, Kuliyapitiya, and Gampaha
Higher National Diploma Course in Design (2011 - 2013) (Week-days)
Financial Obligation Management
Fourteen officers had been recruited in the year 2011 on the contract and assignment basis without the prior approval of the Department of Management Services and had paid salaries and allowances amounting to Rs. 4,270,183 up to July 2012.
Genotypic differences of root angle in mung bean
Company Performance
Property, Plant & Equipment
Institute for Agro-technology and Rural Sciences which was inaugurated in 1990 has come a long way since its inception and has established itself as an Institute providing much needed contemporary technology and scientific knowledge to rural agricultural community in Sri Lanka.
Other observer organizations participated as mobile observers.
Negombo, Gampaha, Colombo, Kalutara, Galle, Avissawella, Kurunegala, and Kegalle
Cut flowers & Foliage
34. Sound Controller - As Personal to holder
However, it had not been brought to account.
Issued National Budget Circular No. 157 & 157(1) in this regard
Though the Board of Management should consist of 09 Ex-co members and 06 members appointed by the Minister as per the Common Amenities Board No 24 of 2003, the membership of the Board of Management during the year under review was limited only to eight Ex-co members and two members appointed by the Minister.
North, South cultural and sports exchange programme that had been jointly organized by the Ministry of Sports, Youth Affairs Rural Development, Cultural and Art Affairs, Social Welfare, Probation and Child Care Services, Women’s Affairs, Home Economic Enhancement, Housing and Construction, Manpower Employment (Southern Province) and Mannar District Secretariat to promote socio-cultural ties between North and South was held on 19, 20 and 21st of December 2014 in Mannar District.
She obtained her Post Graduate Diploma in the field of Sub National Level Development Planning from the same University.
Post Graduate Diploma Course
Arrangements have been made to provide an annual library allowance of Rs.2,000 to enhance the knowledge of Aranery School Teachers.
Purchase of Property, Plant and Machinery
District Administration Map
The Ranaviru Honor and Dignity Division can be described as one of the principal and unique divisions of the Ranaviru Sewa Authority.
After holding long-term discussions separately for Ministries, it was confirmed whether the provisions have been allocated properly for all the projects.
Electrical Equipment
Length (km): 27.4
Sri Lankan Small Civet cat (Viverricula indica) - Sex: 1:1
A detailed report in terms of Section 13(7)(a) of the Finance Act was furnished to the Chairman of the Corporation on 16 May 2012.
Marking of the boundaries of reserves & conservation irrigation reservation
(b) The rehabilitation works of roads and bridges had been completed at a cost of Rs.71,055 million and handed over to the Road Development Authority as at 31 December 2015.
1.1 Opinion
Project Management (Divisinal Secretariat, Karandeniya)
Revenue is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer, recovery of the consideration is probable, the associated cost and possible return of goods can be estimated reliably and there is no continuing management involvement with goods.
The bids for Lot B were called on 19th September 2013 and bids were opened on 2nd April 2014.
Measurement Traceability and calibration in laboratory Testing 1 day
Further, another office building which was not included in the initial work plans had also been constructed by the Project at a cost of Rs. 18 million at Maligakanda in a land procured on lease basis from the Colombo Municipal Council in 2009, without entering into a lease agreement.
4.7. The First Session on the Joint Trade Committee Meeting between Kenya & Sri Lanka
Mariyampillai Jesuthasan
Identify the actual requirements and prepare a realistic budget.
To provide knowledge on how ethnic harmony is created through history, religion and art
2.	Vehicle Drivers
Amount Allocated from the Capital Expenditure Ledger - Rs. 1 million
SN: 05.
II. The Returning Officer shall make an urgent request from the Regional Director of Health Service to submit the officer before a Medical Board.
Mohan Samaranayake
No. 434/2,
Bank of Ceylon/People's Bank
The Corporation operates as the National Television Broadcaster in Sri Lanka with the prime objectives of providing education, entertainment & information to a multi ethnic & multi religious Sri Lankan society.
3. Religious and Cultural Affairs Division
To determine the authority to acquire fixed assets
Self-employment assistance for single parent families
04-1 Repos Investment
13th June - 02 Days
The related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.
8. Koralai Pattu North
(a) The net assets of the Corporation in the year 2011 and the year under review amounted to negative values of Rs.260,530,465 and Rs.247,380,646 respectively.
Hadabima Authority of Sri Lanka (Haritha Danaw Development Central Authority of Sri Lanka)
Payment for the supply of curbstone
Annual Graduation and Diploma Award Ceremony - 2017 (National Institute of Social Development)
Ministry of Rehabilitation
Information and Communication Technology Officer
(e) the financial covenants laid down in the Loan and Grant Agreements had been complied with.
Staff Details of the District Secretariat
Public Engagement Fund
Divisional Secretariat Monaragala
All Ceylon Dravida Mahasabha
To streamline the follow-up process of the persons who are under community correction orders through Development Officers
Facilities of 4 circuit bungalows have been improved.
Among the techniques used, inserting sclerotia to the sheath showed better results by showing symptoms within 04 days and 100% disease incidence within 11 days.
4. Accountability and Good Governance
Additional Secretary - Administration
Recovery of outstanding balances at a slow pace
A new accountant has reported for duty since May.
Citizens Charter prepared by the  District Secretariat mentioning the details on Services provided and the time taken to achieve the said task is displayed at the Ground Floor.
Nevertheless, the computation of the operating results of the farm for the year under review had resulted in a loss of Rs. 1,139,805 as against the profit of Rs. 161,390 for the preceding year.
Dictionary for Tamil Words used in Eelam
Estimated Cost
This project was implemented in collaboration with the District Planning Division.
Total Net Provision Authorized
In this scenario, people were deprived thousands of acres of their precious lands as a result of the Crown Lands (Encroachment) Ordinance in 1940.
Aranery Promotion of Hindu Religion
m) Department of Public Enterprises (PED) provided its guidance to the Committee that had been set up for negotiation of the Collective Agreement of Sri Lanka Savings Bank.
Non-compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations
Sunday Ayubowan
145 Judges participated in this event.
The total estimated cost is Rs. 9,352 million and the total expenditure at the end of December 2015 was Rs. 655.52 million.
They are currently being rehabilitated.
In addition, an unidentified balance of Rs. 132,125 had been included in the Work-in progress Account.
Venezuela
In addition, the Department contributed to state revenue by renting out its unused warehouses to the public and private sector on the assessment of a government assessor and renting its houses at Dhanyagama, Trincomalee for public employees who have not owned houses and the employees of the Prima Company.
Culture
16. Appropriation (Amendment) Act 15/ 2015
04 Mrs. T. M. I. U. Thambavita Assistant Commissioner S.L.A.S. III
Even though the by-laws should be imposed to execute 30 major matters under Section 126 of the Pradeshiya Sabha Act, the by-laws had not been imposed even by 31 December 2017.
In addition, the interest amounting Rs 6.64 million earned by the contractor during the year under review had not been transferred to the Project even as at 31 December 2015.
IV. e. For a natural death Rs. 100,000/-
Arrangements were made to bring two children to Sri Lanka who were taken to the UK and they were sent back on mediation.
Staff Loan Fund (SLC)
Foreign Training/Seminars/Meetings
Cut out inappropriate words.
It functions as a public statutory body and required financial provisions are provided by the General Treasury.
(b) The unsettled water bill of the Mahiyangana Factory existing from the years prior to the year 2009 amounting to Rs. 220,463 had not been settled even up to the end of the year under review.
According to the Report of the Boards of Survey, 23 errors were pointed out in stock control and 17 proposals had been furnished to minimize those errors, but action had not been taken accordingly.
(b) In case of Special Law Services - Special Law Warrant No. 1 of 2018
Final Accounts for the year ended on 31st December 2012
Framework Arrangement
Repurchase or equipment purchase costs related to real estate and equipment are accounted for separately.
HM 2 - 3
Providing Environmental Measurement Services by studying work sites.
My No: EST-7/LOANS/04/4210
Taking measures to clarify  fallacious news related to the Ministry of Finance and Planning as well as the Treasury and giving broad publicity for such rectifications through all printed and electronic Media with the assistance of the Department of Government Information.
Agricultural
45. Kurunegala
Demographic information of households: Employment and Unemployment and Agricultural Sectors and Services were surveyed.
However, the Department of National Budget will run both BFS and ITMIS systems parallelly in this year.
VI. To receive and consider any proposals for the reform of the law
Equipments for the disabled 2011
No.of Pensioners as at 01.01.2015
to ensure conservation and sustainable use of biological resources and the fair and equitable sharing of benefits arising from them
(http://www.accimt.ac.lk)
(a) A sum of Rs. 40,109 was due from 05 trade stalls as at 31 December of the year under review and remained to be recovered.
External Revenue of Trade Printing Sector
Even though acting allowances totaling Rs. 167,605 had been paid from the date of acting appointment up to April 2013, the approval of the Secretary to the Ministry in terms of Sub-Section 12.2.6 of Chapter VII of the Establishments Code had not been obtained.
Avurudu Udanaya
Name of the new Member of Parliament/Action Taken
The Official Language Proficiency Written Examination will be held in March each year for applications received up to January 31st and in September for applications received from February 01 to July 31st.
The Chairman of the Official Languages ​​Commission explained the purpose of this program.
A. C. A. - 2 (iv)
Mr. Palitha Kulasinghe
2. Financial Statements
1.2 Basis for Opinion
Contribution according to a defined contribution plan - Employees' Trust Fund
Sabaragamuwa Province and Uva Province and a part of the Western Province named as Western Province South II are included in the distribution division No. 3.
Retirement Gratuity Fund
To minimize the use of chemicals applied in maintaining rice stocks
Polonnaruwa East Urban Water Supply Project
Assistant Divisional Secretary, Accountant, Assistant Director (Planning), Systems Administration I and II
Until such time the monthly interim allowance of Rs.3,000/- paid at present to all officers shall be paid.
Annual Report - 2013
Financial Statements - Cash Flow
During the year 2014, the Sri Lankan Government has entered into Mutual Legal Assistance Agreements in Criminal Matters with China, Belarus, and the United Arab Emirates.
Advanced Certificate Course in Occupational Safety and Health for the Plantation sector
Deficiencies in reconciling the realized revenue with departmental records and Treasury printouts, non submission of reports on arrears of revenue for audit
Skills Development Program for the footwear sector.
Granting village advisory allowances
Establishment of Elders Committees & Granting Rs. 5,000 - 2012
(a) Even though there were ledger accounts, a sum of Rs.22,466,318 in respect of treasury grant, transactions with related parties, provision for gratuity and provision for depreciation had been directly adjusted to the trial balance and financial statement without recording them to the respective ledger accounts.
No. of succeeded raids
Excess
v. To introduce modern technological management systems to minimize bribery and corruption.
Accordingly, this workshop was held on 08.10.2015 at “Center for Banking Studies” of the Central Bank Auditorium at Rajagiriya.
Presented in accordance with the Sri Lanka Accounting Standards for SMEs,
Mr. B. Ananda Champika
The Project had subsequently decided on 01 June 2017 to carry out a detailed hydrology study from the above mentioned public corporation at a cost of Rs. 67.79 million, considering the flooding situation in the area.
The Group publishes numerous newspapers, periodicals and magazines and sells advertising space in each publication.
Cases Pending as at 01.01.2015
05. Application for Transfers
Revising the CR
Programs 02
Under this, the relevant revenue of each department has been collected and reported to the relevant revenue accounting officers on a monthly basis through credit reports.
Diploma Course for Translators (Part-time/ Full Time)
Start
(a) Accounting
64. Hanwella
Sitha Nivana Katha, Single episode Tele Drama – telecast every Poya Day.
National Budget Circular No: 01 / 2016 (i)
Financial Assistance for the Rehabilitation of the Sri Katapaha Pillayar Kovil Thelpaththa Estate - Badulla, Sri Kadirvelayuda Swamy Kovil - Rokkatenna, Haliela, Nuwara Eliya Sri Subramanian Kovil Raven Suite Division, Balleketuwa, Badulla on account of the Deyata Kirula Exihibition
For the Passion Play and the Musical Presentation of the Bible Society of Sri Lanka
X. Systematic preparation of programs for reasoning and simplification of legal procedures, including procedures of an administrative nature related to litigation.
Football Match - 41
Bilingual Service Counters are to be set up in 06 District Secretariats and 08 Divisional Secretariats in 2014.
Awareness on Drug and Alcohol Abstinence
Recoveries
Security checkpoint
3.4 Officers who apply for a transfer to a specific service station in a particular area may indicate the name of the station and area.
A child who was taken to Ireland was sent back to Sri Lanka on a court order.
Divi Neguma Recipients
06 Education Department Employees’ Co-operative Thrift & Credit Society Ltd.
In selecting officers for service in unpopular stations, unmarried officers and married officers without school going children should be selected wherever possible rather than selecting married officers with school going children.
Necessary action to obtain the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers for drafting a new police act is now being undertaken.
Total revenue banked
(e) Guideline 4.2 of the Procurement Guideline of the Government
In addition, preliminary discussions are underway to provide funds worth  USD 180 million for 5 development projects, and those projects are to be commenced this year.
Continued to carry out research on issues faced by industry and on critical technical issues facing the country.
Basuriyage Ariyawansha
Mannar Divisional Secretariat
The following observations are made.
Failure to record the stocks.
Fuel Quality improvement Program
The Company considers developing human capital as vital for business continuity.
Divisional Secretariat, Koralai Pattu South
Solar Power Auto Rickshaw
Accounts Clerk
State Minister of Higher Education
Weerambugedara, Kotawahara, Mahawa, Wariyapola, Nakkawatta
Chief Secretaries of Provinces
(c) Value of the work done amounting to Rs. 7.11 million under the component of the simplified and conventional extension works implemented during the year under review and Value Added Tax thereon amounting to Rs. 1.06 million had also not been brought to account.
Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Aswin Kumar Wijewardena
This information is important for identifying poor villages and for designing programs to develop identified areas.
Sri Lanka State Plantation Corporation
Fisheries Community Hall - Pothupitiya, Wadduwa
(f) Whether the financial statements had been prepared on the basis of Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
Director - Finance
Replacement of the defective 132 kV current transformers and circuit breaker poles at the Kotugoda grid substation
The Audit and Management Committee accepted the submission.
(Table 04)
Until the designing of this web page is completed, all Divisional Secretaries are informed to identify all the ongoing development projects at Grama Niladary Division level and proposed/future development projects on priority basis.
Price as at 31/12/2014
Tertiary Level
4.1 Performance
Group Counseling
As a result, previous gains or losses on fair value measurement accounted under capital reserve has been reversed.
12 V regulated power supply
Potassium Dihydrogen Orthophosphate
Manufacturing costs of concrete production including Direct Staff Cost are also included.
Previous
9th Annual Water Rocket Tournament
The activity programme of the Bilingual People's Movement
The Project had maintained Fixed Assets Register and carried out verifications up to the year 2014.
Disclosing, as applicable, matters related to a going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless Management either intends to liquidate the Project or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so is also a responsibility of the Management.
On granting of deeds to the residents as the Condominium Plan cannot be registered despite the lapse of over five years since the construction and sale through a sales agreement.
Department of Official Languages was established on 01.10.1956 as the implementing institute of the Official Language Act No. 33 of 1956.
The exhibits selected at the regional level are re-displayed at the district level exhibitions.
During the year, the society provided various assistance to its members.
Stamp Duty - TG
List of Foreign Financing Loan Agreements Signed during January-December 2014
Heads of the Departments and District Secretaries,
Held to Maturity Investments are measured inclusive of interest receivable.
The other objective is to create awareness of the responsibility of the legal bond to provide a bilingual public service by public servants.
Due to the non-submission of evidence regarding 08 account balances amounting to Rs. 121,194,369, those could not be vouched satisfactorily in the audit.
Printing And Advertising
Out of 26 germplasm tested, 2 were highly susceptible, 12 were susceptible, 2 were moderately susceptible, 4 were moderately resistant and 6 were resistant to the yellow mosaic virus.
Mr. W. K. Dinesh
Mr. Katugampala Appuhamilage Prasanna Priyankara - Democratic National Movement
21 July - 01 August
Mungbean
Seminars and Workshops for Aranery School Teachers
Investment costs are specified on Treasury bills.
2. A guest Lecture on “Stability of the Financial System: The Regulatory and Supervisory Function of the Central Bank” was conducted on 31.01.2014.
Carpenter
“Suwa Sampatha” Insurance Scheme for Judges
Kaththankudy Elders' Home
Collection of Rubber Bush Products
(G) Kekirawa
1. National Ranaviru day
Before 31st August
The Government of India has agreed to provide a grant of Rs. 600 million to improve the facilities of the Faculty of Agriculture and Engineering of the University of Jaffna.
15 Approvals of leave abroad
(ii) Loss of arm at or below elbow
Several projects have been implemented over the years demonstrating their commitment to it.
Target group
Property, Plant and Equipment Reserve
USD 81.5 million Loan
The Audit report sets out their responsibility in relation to the Financial Statements.
Katak GIS Ltd.
Changes during the year
Tractors
Provision (Rs. Mn.)
Arrangements will be made to correct this in the Financial Statements Report of the next year.
Progress of the Productivity Promotion Programs - 2015
(e) Whether the funds, materials, and equipment supplied under the Loan had been utilized for the purposes of the Project,
Bataatha Industrial Estate
World Bank
Income Tax
Original Revenue Estimate 2017
Cash Provisions
Research Programs and Technological Services
1:3 All-Island School Drama Competition 2011 - Final Round
Vehicle Rehabilitation and Improvement
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 2. 2 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the National Council for Elders as at 31 December 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
In terms of Section (22) (6), Chapter IV of the Constitution, Corporations and Statutory Boards have classified as Government Institutions.
Revision of Electoral Register - 2015
Disaster Management Center - Mannar
3. Ahadiya Dhamma Schools, Hiflul Madrasa and other religious institutions
Number of service sessions
Dr. Daminda Attanayake
Issuing Treasury Accounting Statement for December 2015
Accounts Receivable - TG Office Documents 3 (a) 2
General Treasury (Treasury Representative)
1.3.5 Lack of written evidence for audit
Accordingly, donors, beneficiaries of the “Wedihiti Awarana Kepakaru” Sponsorship Scheme, and Divisional Secretariats in the year 2012 is given below.
08 November - 19 November
In this process, the company has provided staff benefits by granting them annual bonus, outdoor medical service, medical insurance schemes, loan facilities, gift vouchers for the children of the staff for Sinhala & Hindu New Year, and exercise books, school uniform materials, shoes and school bags for school going children of the staff in order to support them in their education.
Short-term investments are stipulated to be maintained at the market value.
3.5.2  Productivity Promotion
Income & Expenditure Appropriation Account
Table - 05
Education and research
Income generated per employee (Rs. Million)
Mrs. A. A. Ramani
Assistant Secretary (Livestock Administration division)
Therefore a further Rs. 87 million has been spent on same in this year.
Decentralized Budget
KC-1
10 Short Term Training Programmes were organized for government and semi government institutions in 2014.
Construction of grid substation at Valachchenai of 31.5 MVA and 132/33 kV
Kodei Vasandam -
As such the balance of the publicity materials stock had been overstated by a sum of Rs. 99,325.
Citizenship Division
Dissemination of Industry Data
Balance as at 01.01.2019 (Rs.)
Providing safe pipe-borne water to 946,000 people and providing sanitation facilities to 171,500 people in the project areas
Up to 31 December 2017
Income is recognized using the effective interest method.
Retained earnings include all current and prior period retained profits.
9.2.3. Mr. W.A.L. Wickramaarachchi of Class III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service, who was attached to this Department with effect from 02.11.2015 by letter No.75/10/5273 dated 29.10.2015 of the Secretary to the Ministry of Public Administration and Management, was appointed to the post of Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Nuwara Eliya District Elections Office with effect from 01.12.2015.
Details of awareness and other programs conducted by officers of the Community Police Service by the Civil Defense Committees are given in Numeric Table – 20.
Development Stakeholders/ Loan Agencies
The audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Operational Profit before the change in Working Capital
Assistant Director
Our ultimate aim is to develop the University of Colombo Institute for Agro-Technology and Rural Sciences as a modern Regional University providing globally compatible human resources and technological inputs assisting the Sri Lankan economy at large.
Other property, plant and equipment acquired after revaluation are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
In addition, the Child Protection and Juvenile Justice project has also provided technical support to the College of Forensic Medicine Pathologists to conduct their annual Program on child protection.
The Indo-Sri Lanka Free Trade Agreement (ISFTA), signed on 28th December 1998 and effective from 1st March 2000, provides duty free concessions to a wide range of products traded between the two countries.
Dr. N.D. Subasinghe
Assistant Secretary - Ministry of Rural Economy
Surplus/Deficit of the Year
Progress Review Meeting was held under the patronage of the President, to relocate the Ratnapura Divisional Secretariat to a new premises and to commence services, commence work on the new District Secretariat Complex and to enhance the development projects in the District undertaken in the year.
6. Cultural and Social Programmes
However, the cost of eight vehicles purchased by Transmission Division in the year 2013 on financial lease basis had not been recognized in the financial statements on that basis.
Small Business Development Division
Altogether 3500 applications have been received for 75 places in the universities.
I take this opportunity to express my gratitude to Hon. Gamini Lokuge, Minister of Labour and Labour Relations and Mr. W. J. L. U. Wijayaweera, Secretary to the Ministry of Labour and chairman of the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health for providing necessary leadership, guidance and patronage to perform above mentioned activities.
Reimbursement of Election Expenses incurred at Presidential and Parliamentary Election in 2015
The transaction report of the Company for the year 2016 on non–accounting was tabled in Parliament on 23 July 2019.
Click here to download the application form.
