The just shall rejoice when he shall see the revenge: he shall wash his hands in the blood of the sinner.
And man shall say: If indeed there be fruit to the just: there is indeed a God that judgeth them on the earth.
The Lord shewed me: and behold two baskets full of figs, set before the temple of the Lord: after that Nabuchodonosor king of Babylon had carried away Jechonias the son of Joakim the king of Juda, and his chief men, and the craftsmen, and engravers of Jerusalem, and had brought them to Babylon.
One basket had very good figs, like the figs of the first season: and the other basket had very bad figs, which could not be eaten, because they were bad.
And the Lord said to me: What seest thou, Jeremias? And I said: Figs, the good figs, very good: and the bad figs, very bad, which cannot be eaten because they are bad.
And the word of the Lord came to me, saying:
Thus saith the Lord the God of Israel: Like these good figs, so will I regard the captives of Juda, whom I have sent forth out of this place into the land oif the Chaldeans, for their own good.
And I will set my eyes upon them to be pacified, and I will bring them again into this land: and I will be their God: and I will build them up, and not pull them down: and I will plant them, and not pluck them up.
And I will give them a heart to know me, that I am the Lord: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God: because they shall return to me with their whole heart.
And as the very bad figs, that cannot be eaten, because they are bad: thus saith the Lord: So will I give Sedecias the king of Juda, and his princes, and the residue of Jerusalem, that have remained in this city, and that dwell in the land of Egypt.
And I will deliver them up to vexation, and affliction, to all the kingdoms of the earth: to be a reproach, and a byword, and a proverb, and to be a curse in all places, to which I have cast them out.
And I will send among them the sword, and the famine, and the pestilence: till they be consumed out of the land which I gave to them, and their fathers.
In my trouble I cried to the Lord: and he heard me.
O Lord, deliver my soul from wicked lips, and a deceitful tongue.
What shall be given to thee, or what shall be added to thee, to a deceitful tongue.
The sharp arrows of the mighty, with coals that lay waste.
Woe is me, that my sojourning is prolonged! I have dwelt with the inhabitants of cedar:
my soul hath been long a sojourner.
With them that hate peace I was peaceable: when I spoke to them they fought against me without cause.
A deceitful balance is an abomination before the Lord: and a just weight is his will.
Where pride is, there also shall be reproach: but where humility is, there also is wisdom.
The simplicity of the just shall guide them: and the deceitfulness of the wicked shall destroy them.
Riches shall not profit in the day of revenge: but justice shall deliver from death.
The justice of the upright shall make his way prosperous: and the wicked man shall fall by his own wickedness.
The justice of the righteous shall deliver them: and the unjust shall be caught in their own snares.
When the wicked man is dead, there shall be no hope any more: and the expectation of the solicitous shall perish.
The just is delivered out of distress: and the wicked shall be given up for him.
The dissembler with his mouth deceiveth his friend: but the just shall be delivered by knowledge.
When it goeth well with the just the city shall rejoice: and when the wicked perish there shall be praise.
By the blessing of the just the city shall be exalted: and by the mouth of the wicked it shall be overthrown.
He that despiseth his friend, is mean of heart: but the wise man will hold his peace.
He that walketh deceitfully, revealeth secrets: but he that is faithful, concealeth the thing committed to him by his friend.
Where there is no governor, the people shall fall: but there is safety where there is much counsel.
He shall be afflicted with evil, that is surety for a stranger: but he that is aware of the snares, shall be secure.
A gracious woman shall find glory: and the strong shall have riches.
A merciful man doth good to his own soul: but he that is cruel casteth off even his own kindred.
The wicked maketh an unsteady work: but to him that soweth justice, there is a faithful reward.
Clemency prepareth life: and the pursuing of evil things, death.
A perverse heart is abominable to the Lord: and his will is in them that walk sincerely.
Hand in hand the evil man shall not be innocent: but the seed of the just shall be saved.
A golden ring in a swine's snout, a woman fair and foolish.
The desire of the just is all good: the expectation of the wicked is indignation.
Some distribute their own goods, and grow richer: others take away what is not their own, and are always in want.
The soul which blesseth, shall be made fat: and he that inebriateth, shall be inebriated also himself.
He that hideth up corn, shall be cursed among the people: but a blessing upon the head of them that sell.
Well doth he rise early who seeketh good things; but he that seeketh after evil things shall be oppressed by them.
He that trusteth in his riches shall fall: but the just shall spring up as a green leaf.
He that troubleth his own house, shall inherit the winds: and the fool shall serve the wise.
The fruit of the just man is a tree of life: and he that gaineth souls, is wise.
If the just man receive in the earth, how much more the wicked and the sinner.
All the commandments, that I command thee this day, take great care to observe: that you may live, and be multiplied, and going in may possess the land, for which the Lord swore to your fathers.
And thou shalt remember all the way through which the Lord thy God hath brought thee for forty years through the desert, to afflict thee and to prove thee, and that the things that were in thy heart might be made known, whether thou wouldst keep his commandments or no.
He afflicted thee with want, and gave thee manna for thy food, which neither thou nor thy fathers knew: to shew that m not in bread alone doth man live, but in every word that proceedeth from the mouth of God.
Thy raiment, with which thou wast covered, hath not decayed for age, and thy foot is not worn, lo this is the fortieth year,
That thou mayst consider in thy heart, that as a man traineth up his son, so the Lord thy God hath trained thee up.
That thou shouldst keep the commandments of the Lord thy God, and walk in his ways, and fear him.
For the Lord thy God will bring thee into a good land, of brooks and of waters, and of fountains: in the plains of which and the hills deep rivers break out:
A land of wheat, and barley, and vineyards, wherein fig trees and pomegranates, and oliveyards grow: a land of oil and honey.
Where without any want thou shalt eat thy bread, and enjoy abundance of all things: where the stones are iron, and out of its hills are dug mines of brass:
That when thou hast eaten, and art full, thou mayst bless the Lord thy God for the excellent land which he hath given thee.
Take heed, and beware lest at any time thou forget the Lord thy God, and neglect his commandments and judgments and ceremonies, which I command thee this day:
Lest after thou hast eaten and art filled, hast built goodly houses, and dwelt in them,
And shalt have herds of oxen and flocks of sheep, and plenty of gold and of silver, and of all things,
Thy heart be lifted up, and thou remember not the Lord thy God, who brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage:
And was thy leader in the great and terrible wilderness, wherein there was the serpent burning with his breath, and the scorpion and the dipsas, and no waters at all: who brought forth streams out of the hardest rock,
And fed thee in the wilderness with manna which thy fathers knew not. And after he had afflicted and proved thee, at the last he had mercy on thee,
Lest thou shouldst say in thy heart: My own might, and the strength of my own hand have achieved all these things for me.
But remember the Lord thy God, that he hath given thee strength, that he might fulfil his covenant, concerning which he swore to thy fathers, as this present day sheweth.
But if thou forget the Lord thy God, and follow strange gods, and serve and adore them: behold now I foretell thee that thou shalt utterly perish.
As the nations, which the Lord destroyed at thy entrance, so shall you also perish, if you be disobedient to the voice of the Lord your God.
THAT thou wouldst rend the heavens, and wouldst come down: the mountains would melt away at thy presence.
They would melt as at the burning of fire, the waters would burn with fire, that thy name might be made known to thy enemies: that the nations might tremble at thy presence.
When thou shalt do wonderful things, we shall not bear them: thou didst come down, and at thy presence the mountains melted away.
From the beginning of the world they have not heard, nor perceived with the ears: the eye hath not seen, O God, besides thee, what things thou hast prepared for them that wait for thee.
Thou hast met him that rejoiceth, and doth justice: in thy ways they shall remember thee: behold thou art angry, and we have sinned: in them we have been always, and we shall be saved.
And we are all become as one unclean, and all our justices as the rag of a menstruous woman: and we have all fallen as a leaf, and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away.
There is none that calleth upon thy name: that riseth up, and taketh hold of thee: thou hast hid thy face from us, and hast crushed us in the hand of our iniquity.
And now, O Lord, thou art our father, and we are clay: and thou art our maker, and we all are the works of thy hands.
Be not very angry, O Lord, and remember no longer our iniquity: behold, see we are all thy people.
The city of thy sanctuary is become a desert, Sion is made a desert, Jerusalem is desolate.
The house of our holiness, and of our glory, where our fathers praised thee, is burnt with fire, and all our lovely things are turned into ruins.
Wilt thou refrain thyself, O Lord, upon these things, wilt thou hold thy peace, and afflict us vehemently?
And the fifth angel sounded the trumpet, and I saw a star fall from heaven upon the earth, and there was given to him the key of the bottomless pit.
And he opened the bottomless pit: and the smoke of the pit arose, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened with the smoke of the pit.
And from the smoke of the pit there came out locusts upon the earth. And power was given to them, as the scorpions of the earth have power:
And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, nor any green thing, nor any tree: but only the men who have not the sign of God on their foreheads.
And it was given unto them that they should not kill them; but that they should torment them five months: and their torment was as the torment of a scorpion when he striketh a man.
And in those days men shall seek death, and shall not find it: and they shall desire to die, and death shall fly from them.
And the shapes of the locusts were like unto horses prepared unto battle: and on their heads were, as it were, crowns like gold: and their faces were as the faces of men.
And they had hair as the hair of women; and their teeth were as lions:
And they had breastplates as breastplates of iron, and the noise of their wings was as the noise of chariots and many horses running to battle.
And they had tails like to scorpions, and there were stings in their tails; and their power was to hurt men five months. And they had over them
A king, the angel of the bottomless pit; whose name in Hebrew is Abaddon, and in Greek Apollyon; in Latin Exterminans,
One woe is past, and behold there come yet two woes more hereafter.
And the sixth angel sounded the trumpet: and I heard a voice from the four horns of the great altar, which is before the eyes of God,
Saying to the sixth angel, who had the trumpet: Loose the four angels, who are bound in the great river Euphrates.
And the four angels were loosed, who were prepared for an hour, and a day, and a month, and a year: for to kill the third part of men.
And the number of the army of horsemen was twenty thousand times ten thousand. And I heard the number of them.
And thus I saw the horses in the vision: and they that sat on them, had breastplates of fire and of hyacinth and of brimstone, and the heads of the horses were as the heads of lions: and from their mouths proceeded fire, and smoke, and brimstone.
And by these three plagues was slain the third part of men, by the fire and by the smoke and by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths.
For the power of the horses is in their mouths, and in their tails. For, their tails are like to serpents, and have heads: and with them they hurt.
And the rest of the men, who were not slain by these plagues, did not do penance from the works of their hands, that they should not adore devils, and idols of gold, and silver, and brass, and stone, and wood, which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk:
Neither did they penance from their murders, nor from their sorceries, nor from their fornication, nor from their thefts.
These are the precepts, and ceremonies, and judgments, which the Lord your God commanded that I should teach you, and that you should do them in the land into which you pass over to possess it:
That thou mayst fear the Lord thy God, and keep all his commandments and precepts, which I command thee, and thy sons, and thy grandsons, all the days of thy life, that thy days may be prolonged.
Hear, O Israel, and observe to do the things which the Lord hath commanded thee, that it may be well with thee, and thou mayst be greatly multiplied, as the Lord the God of thy fathers hath promised thee a land flowing with milk and honey.
Hear, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord.
Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart, and with thy whole soul, and with thy whole strength.
And these words which I command thee this day, shall be in thy heart:
And thou shalt tell them to thy children, and thou shalt meditate upon them sitting in thy house, and walking on thy journey, sleeping and rising.
And thou shalt bind them as a sign on thy hand, and they shall be and shall move between thy eyes.
And thou shalt write them in the entry, and on the doors of thy house.
And when the Lord thy God shall have brought thee into the land, for which he swore to thy fathers Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob: and shall have given thee great and goodly cities, which thou didst not build,
Houses full of riches, which thou didst not set up, cisterns which thou didst not dig, vineyards and oliveyards, which thou didst not plant,
And thou shalt have eaten and be full:
Take heed diligently lest thou forget the Lord, who brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. Thou shalt fear the Lord thy God, and shalt serve him only, and thou shalt swear by his name.
You shall not go after the strange gods of all the nations, that are round about you:
Because the Lord thy God is a jealous God in the midst of thee: lest at any time the wrath of the Lord thy God be kindled against thee, and take thee away from the face of the earth.
Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God, as thou temptedst him in the place of temptation.
Keep the precepts of the Lord thy God, and the testimonies and ceremonies which he hath commanded thee.
And do that which is pleasing and good in the sight of the Lord, that it may be well with thee: and going in thou mayst possess the goodly land, concerning which the Lord swore to thy fathers,
That he would destroy all thy enemies before thee, as he hath spoken.
And when thy son shall ask thee to morrow, saying: What mean these testimonies, and ceremonies and judgments, which the Lord our God hath commanded us?
Thou shalt say to him: We were bondmen of Pharao in Egypt, and the Lord brought us out of Egypt with a strong hand.
And he wrought signs and wonders great and very grievous in Egypt against Pharao, and all his house, in our sight,
And he brought us out from thence, that he might bring us in and give us the land, concerning which he swore to our fathers.
And the Lord commanded that we should do all these ordinances, and should fear the Lord our God, that it might be well with us all the days of our life, as it is at this day.
And he will be merciful to us, if we keep and do all his precepts before the Lord our God, as he hath commanded us.
And after these things, I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power: and the earth was enlightened with his glory.
And he cried out with a strong voice, saying: Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen; and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every unclean spirit, and the hold of every unclean and hateful bird:
Because all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication; and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her; and the merchants of the earth have been made rich by the power of her delicacies.
And I heard another voice from heaven, saying: Go out from her, my people; that you be not partakers of her sins, and that you receive not of her plagues.
For her sins have reached unto heaven, and the Lord hath remembered her iniquities.
Render to her as she also hath rendered to you; and double unto her double according to her works: in the cup wherein she hath mingled, mingle ye double unto her.
As much as she hath glorified herself, and lived in delicacies, so much torment and sorrow give ye to her; because she saith in her heart: I sit a queen, and am no widow; and sorrow I shall not see.
Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine, and she shall be burnt with the fire; because God is strong, who shall judge her.
And the kings of the earth, who have committed fornication, and lived in delicacies with her, shall weep, and bewail themselves over her, when they shall see the smoke of her burning:
Standing afar off for fear of her torments, saying: Alas! alas! that great city Babylon, that mighty city: for in one hour is thy judgment come.
And the merchants of the earth shall weep, and mourn over her: for no man shall buy their merchandise any more.
Merchandise of gold and silver, and precious stones; and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner of vessels of ivory, and all manner of vessels of precious stone, and of brass, and of iron, and of marble,
And cinnamon, and odours, and ointment, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men.
And the fruits of the desire of thy soul are departed from thee, and all fat and goodly things are perished from thee, and they shall find them no more at all.
The merchants of these things, who were made rich, shall stand afar off from her, for fear of her torments, weeping and mourning.
And saying: Alas! alas! that great city, which was clothed with fine linen, and purple, and scarlet, and was gilt with gold, and precious stones, and pearls.
For in one hour are so great riches come to nought; and every shipmaster, and all that sail into the lake, and mariners, and as many as work in the sea, stood afar off.
And cried, seeing the place of her burning, saying: What city is like to this great city?
And they cast dust upon their heads, and cried, weeping and mourning, saying: Alas! alas! that great city, wherein all were made rich, that had ships at sea, by reason of her prices: for in one hour she is made desolate.
Rejoice over her, thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets; for God hath judged your judgment on her.
And a mighty angel took up a stone, as it were a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying: With such violence as this shall Babylon, that great city, be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all.
And the voice of harpers, and of musicians, and of them that play on the pipe, and on the trumpet, shall no more be heard at all in thee; and no craftsman of any art whatsoever shall be found any more at all in thee; and the sound of the mill shall be heard no more at all in thee;
And the light of the lamp shall shine no more at all in thee; and the voice of the bridegroom and the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth, for all nations have been deceived by thy enchantments.
And in her was found the blood of prophets and of saints, and of all that were slain upon the earth.
JESUS therefore, six days before the pasch, came to Bethania, where Lazarus had been dead, whom Jesus raised to life.
And they made him a supper there: and Martha served: but Lazarus was one of them that were at table with him.
Mary therefore took a pound of ointment of right spikenard, of great price, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair; and the house was filled with the odour of the ointment.
Then one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, he that was about to betray him, said:
Why was not this ointment sold for three hundred pence, and given to the poor?
Now he said this, not because he cared for the poor; but because he was a thief, and having the purse, carried the things that were put therein.
Jesus therefore said: Let her alone, that she may keep it against the day of my burial.
For the poor you have always with you; but me you have not always.
A great multitude therefore of the Jews knew that he was there; and they came, not for Jesus' sake only, but that they might see Lazarus, whom he had raised from the dead.
But the chief priests thought to kill Lazarus also:
Because many of the Jews, by reason of him, went away, and believed in Jesus.
And on the next day, a great multitude that was to come to the festival day, when they had heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem,
Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried: Hosanna, blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord, the king of Israel.
And Jesus found a young ass, and sat upon it, as it is written:
Fear not, daughter of Sion: behold, thy king cometh, sitting on an ass's colt.
These things his disciples did not know at the first; but when Jesus was glorified, then they remembered that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things to him.
The multitude therefore gave testimony, which was with him, when he called Lazarus out of the grave, and raised him from the dead.
For which reason also the people came to meet him, because they heard that he had done this miracle.
The Pharisees therefore said among themselves: Do you see that we prevail nothing? behold, the whole world is gone after him.
Now there were certain Gentiles among them, who came up to adore on the festival day.
These therefore came to Philip, who was of Bethsaida of Galilee, and desired him, saying: Sir, we would see Jesus.
Philip cometh, and telleth Andrew. Again Andrew and Philip told Jesus.
But Jesus answered them, saying: The hour is come, that the Son of man should be glorified.
Amen, amen I say to you, unless the grain of wheat falling into the ground die,
Itself remaineth alone. But if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit. He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world, keepeth it unto life eternal.
If any man minister to me, let him follow me; and where I am, there also shall my minister be. If any man minister to me, him will my Father honour.
Now is my soul troubled. And what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour. But for this cause I came unto this hour.
Father, glorify thy name. A voice therefore came from heaven: I have both glorified it, and will glorify it again.
The multitude therefore that stood and heard, said that it thundered. Others said: An angel spoke to him.
Jesus answered, and said: This voice came not because of me, but for your sakes.
Now is the judgment of the world: now shall the prince of this world be cast out.
And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all things to myself.
(Now this he said, signifying what death he should die.)
The multitude answered him: We have heard out of the law, that Christ abideth for ever; and how sayest thou: The Son of man must be lifted up? Who is this Son of man?
Jesus therefore said to them: Yet a little while, the light is among you. Walk whilst you have the light, that the darkness overtake you not. And he that walketh in darkness, knoweth not whither he goeth.
Whilst you have the light, believe in the light, that you may be the children of light. These things Jesus spoke; and he went away, and hid himself from them.
And whereas he had done so many miracles before them, they believed not in him:
That the saying of Isaias the prophet might be fulfilled, which he said: Lord, who hath believed our hearing? and to whom hath the arm of the Lord been revealed?
Therefore they could not believe, because Isaias said again:
He hath blinded their eyes, and hardened their heart, that they should not see with their eyes, nor understand with their heart, and be converted, and I should heal them.
These things said Isaias, when he saw his glory, and spoke of him.
However, many of the chief men also believed in him; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess him, that they might not be cast out of the synagogue.
For they loved the glory of men more than the glory of God.
But Jesus cried, and said: He that believeth in me, doth not believe in me, but in him that sent me.
And he that seeth me, seeth him that sent me.
I am come a light into the world; that whosoever believeth in me, may not remain in darkness.
And if any man hear my words, and keep them not, I do not judge him: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world.
He that despiseth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him; the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day.
For I have not spoken of myself; but the Father who sent me, he gave me commandment what I should say, and what I should speak.
And I know that his commandment is life everlasting. The things therefore that I speak, even as the Father said unto me, so do I speak.
For the rest therefore, brethren, we pray and beseech you in the Lord Jesus, that as you have received from us, how you ought to walk, and to please God, so also you would walk, that you may abound the more.
For you know what precepts I have given to you by the Lord Jesus.
For this is the will of God, your sanctification; that you should abstain from fornication;
That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honour:
Not in the passion of lust, like the Gentiles that know not God:
And that no man overreach, nor circumvent his brother in business: because the Lord is the avenger of all these things, as we have told you before, and have testified.
For God hath not called us unto uncleanness, but unto sanctification.
Therefore, he that despiseth these things, despiseth not man, but God, who also hath given his holy Spirit in us.
But as touching the charity of brotherhood, we have no need to write to you: for yourselves have learned of God to love one another.
For indeed you do it towards all the brethren in all Macedonia. But we entreat you, brethren, that you abound more:
And that you use your endeavour to be quiet, and that you do your own business, and work with your own hands, as we commanded you:
And that you walk honestly towards them that are without; and that you want nothing of any man's.
And we will not have you ignorant, brethren, concerning them that are asleep, that you be not sorrowful, even as others who have no hope.
For if we believe that Jesus died, and rose again; even so them who have slept through Jesus, will God bring with him.
For this we say unto you in the word of the Lord, that we who are alive, who remain unto the coming of the Lord, shall not prevent them who have slept.
For the Lord himself shall come down from heaven with commandment, and with the voice of an archangel, and with the trumpet of God: and the dead who are in Christ, shall rise first.
Then we who are alive, who are left, shall be taken up together with them in the clouds to meet Christ, into the air, and so shall we be always with the Lord.
Wherefore, comfort ye one another with these words.
In those days there was no king in Israel, and the tribe of Dan sought them an inheritance to dwell in: for unto that day they had not received their lot among the other tribes.
So the children of Dan sent five most valiant men of their stock and family from Saraa and Esthaol, to spy out the land, and to view it diligently: and they said to them: Go, and view the land. They went on their way, and when they came to mount Ephraim, they went into the house of Michas, and rested there:
And knowing the voice of the young man the Levite, and lodging with him, they said to him: Who brought thee hither? what dost thou here? why wouldst thou come hither?
He answered them: Michas hath done such and such things for me, and hath hired me to be his priest.
Then they desired him to consult the Lord, that they might know whether their journey should be prosperous, and the thing should have effect.
He answered them: Go in peace, the Lord looketh on your way, and the journey that you go.
So the five men going on came to Lais: and they saw how the people dwelt therein without any fear, according to the custom of the Sidonians, secure and easy, having no man at all to oppose them, being very rich, and living separated, at a distance from Sidon and from all men.
And they returned to their brethren in Saraa and Esthaol, who asked them what they had done? to whom they answered:
Arise, and let us go up to them: for we have seen the land which is exceeding rich and fruitful: neglect not, lose no time: let us go and possess it, there will be no difficulty.
We shall come to a people that is secure, into a spacious country, and the Lord will deliver the place to us, in which there is no want of any thing that groweth on the earth.
There went therefore of the kindred of Dan, to wit, from Saraa and Esthaol, six hundred men, furnished with arms for war,
And going up they lodged in Cariathiarim of Juda: which place from that time is called the camp of Dan, and is behind Cariathiarim.
From thence they passed into mount Ephraim. And when they were come to the house of Michas,
The five men, that before had been sent to view the land of Lais, said to the rest of their brethren: You know that in these houses there is an ephod, and theraphim, and a graven, and a molten god: see what you are pleased to do.
And when they had turned a little aside, they went into the house of the young man the Levite, who was in the house of Michas: and they saluted him with words of peace.
And the six hundred men stood before the door, appointed with their arms.
But they that were gone into the house of the young man, went about to take away the graven god, and the ephod, and the theraphim, and the molten god, and the priest stood before the door, the six hundred valiant men waiting not far off.
So they that were gone in took away the graven thing, the ephod, and the idols, and the molten god. And the priest said to them: What are you doing?
And they said to him: Hold thy peace and put thy finger on thy mouth and come with us, that we may have thee for a father, and a priest. Whether is better for thee, to be a priest in the house of one man, or in a tribe and family in Israel?
When he had heard this, he agreed to their words, and took the ephod, and the idols, and the graven god, and departed with them.
And when they were going forward, and had put before them the children and the cattle and all that was valuable,
And were now at a distance from the house of Michas, the men that dwelt in the houses of Michas gathering together followed them,
And began to shout out after them. They looked back, and said to Michas: What aileth thee? Why dost thou cry?
And he answered: You have taken away my gods which I have made me and the priest, and all that I have, and do you say: What aileth thee?
And the children of Dan said to him: See thou say no more to us, lest men enraged come upon thee, and thou perish with all thy house.
And so they went on the journey they had begun. But Michas seeing that they were stronger than he, returned to his house.
And the six hundred men took the priest, and the things we spoke of before, and came to Lais to a people that was quiet and secure, and smote them with the edge of the sword: and the city was burnt with fire,
There being no man at all who brought them any succour, because they dwelt far from Sidon, and had no society or business with any man. And the city was in the land of Rohob: and they rebuilt it and dwelt therein.
Calling the name of the city Dan after the name of their father, who was the son of Israel, which before was called Lais.
And they set up to themselves the graven idol, and Jonathan the son of Gersam the son of Moses, he and his sons were priests in the tribe of Dan, until the day of their captivity.
And the idol of Michas remained with them all the time that the house of God was in Silo. In those days there was no king in Israel.
When Israel went out of Egypt, the house of Jacob from a barbarous people:
Judea made his sanctuary, Israel his dominion.
The sea saw and fled: Jordan was turned back.
The mountains skipped like rams, and the hills like the lambs of the flock.
What ailed thee, O thou sea, that thou didst flee: and thou, O Jordan, that thou wast turned back?
Ye mountains, that ye skipped like rams, and ye hills, like lambs of the flock?
At the presence of the Lord the earth was moved, at the presence of the God of Jacob:
Who turned the rock into pools of water, and the stony hill into fountains of waters.
I will extol thee, O God my king: and I will bless thy name for ever; yea, for ever and ever.
Every day I will bless thee: and I will praise thy name for ever; yea, for ever and ever.
Great is the Lord, and greatly to be praised: and of his greatness there is no end.
Generation and generation shall praise thy works: and they shall declare thy power.
They shall speak of the magnificence of the glory of thy holiness: and shall tell thy wondrous works.
And they shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts: and shall declare thy greatness.
They shall publish the memory of the abundance of thy sweetness: and shall rejoice in thy justice.
The Lord is gracious and merciful: patient and plenteous in mercy.
The Lord is sweet to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works.
Let all thy works, O lord, praise thee: and let thy saints bless thee.
They shall speak of the glory of thy kingdom: and shall tell of thy power:
To make thy might known to the sons of men: and the glory of the magnificence of thy kingdom.
Thy kingdom is a kingdom of all ages: and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations.
The Lord lifteth up all that fall: and setteth up all that are cast down.
The eyes of all hope in thee, O Lord: and thou givest them meat in due season.
Thou openest thy hand, and fillest with blessing every living creature.
The Lord is just in all his ways: and holy in all his works.
The Lord is nigh unto all them that call upon him: to all that call upon him in truth.
He will do the will of them that fear him: and he will hear their prayer, and save them.
The Lord keepeth all them that love him; but all the wicked he will destroy.
My mouth shall speak the praise of the Lord: and let all flesh bless thy holy name for ever; yea, for ever and ever.
And it came to pass after this, that David defeated the Philistines, and humbled them, and took away Geth, and her daughters out of the hands of the Philistines,
And he defeated Moab, and the Moabites were made David's servants, and brought him gifts.
At that time David defeated also Adarezer king of Soba of the land of Hemath, when he went to extend his dominions as far as the river Euphrates.
And David took from him a thousand chariots, and seven thousand horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen, and he houghed all the chariot horses, only a hundred chariots, which he reserved for himself.
And the Syrians of Damascus came also to help Adarezer king of Soba: and David slew of them likewise two and twenty thousand men.
And he put a garrison in Damascus, that Syria also should serve him, and bring gifts. And the Lord assisted him in all things to which he went.
And David took the golden quivers which the servants of Adarezer had, and he brought them to Jerusalem.
Likewise out of Thebath and Chun, cities of Adarezer, he brought very much brass, of which Solomon made the brazen sea, and the pillars, and the vessels of brass.
Now when Thou king of Hemath heard that David had defeated all the army of Adarezer king of Soba,
He sent Adoram his son to king David, to desire peace of him, and to congratulate him that he had defeated and overthrown Adarezer: for Thou was an enemy to Adarezer.
And all the vessels of gold, and silver, and brass king David consecrated to the Lord, with the silver and gold which he had taken from all the nations, as well from Edom, and from Moab, and from the sons of Ammon, as from the Philistines, and from Amalec.
And Abisai the son of Sarvia slew of the Edomites in the vale of the saltpits, eighteen thousand:
And he put a garrison in Edom, that Edom should serve David: and the Lord preserved David in all things to which he went.
So David reigned over all Israel, and executed judgment and justice among all his people.
And Joab the son of Sarvia was over the army, and Josaphat the son of Ahilud recorder.
And Sadoc the son of Achitob, and Achimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests: and Susa, scribe.
And Banaias the son of Joiada was over the bands of the Cerethi, and the Phelethi: and the sons of David were chief about the king.
Boast not for to morrow, for thou knowest not what the day to come may bring forth.
Let another praise thee, and not thy own mouth: a stranger, and not thy own lips.
A stone is heavy, and sand weighty: but the anger of a fool is heavier than them both.
Anger hath no mercy, nor fury when it breaketh forth: and who can bear the violence of one provoked?
Open rebuke is better than hidden love.
Better are the wounds of a friend, than the deceitful kisses of an enemy.
A soul that is full shall tread upon the honeycomb : and a soul that is hungry shall take even bitter for sweet.
As a bird that wandereth from her nest, so is a man that leaveth his place.
Ointment and perfumes rejoice the heart: and the good counsels of a friend are sweet to the soul.
Thy own friend, and thy father's friend forsake not: and go not into thy brother's house in the day of thy affliction. Better is a neighbour that is near, than a brother afar off.
Study wisdom, my son, and make my heart joyful, that thou mayst give an answer to him that reproacheth.
The prudent man seeing evil hideth himself: little ones passing on have suffered losses.
Take away his garment that hath been surety for a stranger: and take from him a pledge for strangers.
He that blesseth his neighbour with a loud voice, rising in the night, shall be like to him that curseth.
Roofs dropping through in a cold day, and a contentious woman are alike.
He that retaineth her, is as he that would hold the wind, and shall call in the oil of his right hand.
Iron sharpeneth iron, so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.
He that keepeth the fig tree, shall eat the fruit thereof: and he that is the keeper of his master, shall be glorified.
As the faces of them that look therein, shine in the water, so-the hearts of men are laid open to the wise.
Hell and destruction are never filled: so the eyes of men are never satisfied.
As silver is tried in the fining-pot and gold in the furnace: so a man is tried by the mouth of him that praiseth. The heart of the wicked seeketh after evils, but the righteous heart seeketh after knowledge.
Though thou shouldst bray a fool in the mortar, as when a pestle striketh upon sodden barley, his folly would not be taken from him.
Be diligent to know the countenance of thy cattle, and consider thy own flocks :
For thou shalt not always have power: but a crown shall be given to generation and generation.
The meadows are open, and the green herbs have appeared, and the hay is gathered out of the mountains.
Lambs are for thy clothing: and kids for the price of the field.
Let the milk of the goats be enough for thy food, and for the necessities of thy house, and for maintenance for thy handmaids.
And Eliseus said: Hear ye the word of the Lord: Thus saith the Lord: To morrow about this time a bushel of fine hour shall be sold for a stater, and two bushels of barley for a stater, in the gate of Samaria.
Then one of the lords, upon whose hand the king leaned, answering the man of God, said: If the Lord should make hood-gates in heaven, can that possibly be which thou sayest? And he said: Thou shalt see it with thy eyes, but shalt not eat thereof.
Now there were four lepers, at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another: What mean we to stay here till we die?
If we will enter into the city, we shall die with the famine: and if we will remain here, we must also die: come, therefore, and let us run over to the camp of the Syrians. If they spare us, we shall live: but if they kill us, we shall but die.
So they arose in the evening, to go to the Syrian camp, And when they were come to the first part of the camp of the Syrians, they found no man there.
For the Lord had made them hear, in the camp of Syria, the noise of chariots, and of horses, and of a very great army, and they said one to another: Behold the king of Israel hath hired against us the kings of the Hethites, and of the Egyptians, and they are come upon us.
Wherefore they arose, and fled away in the dark, and left their tents, and their horses and asses in the camp, and fled, desiring to save their lives.
So when these lepers were come to the beginning of the camp, they went into one tent, and ate and drank: and they took from thence silver, and gold, and raiment, and went, and hid it: and they came again, and went into another tent, and carried from thence in like manner, and hid it.
Then they said one to another: We do not well: for this is a day of good tidings. If we hold our peace, and do not tell it till the morning, we shall be charged with a crime: come, let us go and tell it in the king's court.
So they came to the gate of the city, and told them, saying: We went to the camp of the Syrians, and we found no man there, but horses, and asses tied, and the tents standing.
Then the guards of the gate went, and told it within the king's palace.
And he arose in the night and said to his servants: I tell you what the Syrians have done to us: They know that we suffer great famine, and therefore they are gone out of the camp, and lie hid in the fields, saying: When they come out of the city we shall take them alive, and then we may get into the city.
And one of his servants answered: Let us take the five horses that are remaining in the city (because there are no more in the whole multitude of Israel, for the rest are consumed,) and let us send and see.
They brought therefore two horses, and the king sent into the camp of the Syrians, saying: Go, and see.
And they went after them as far as the Jordan: and behold all the way was full of garments, and vessels, which the Syrians had cast away in their fright, and the messengers returned end told the king.
And the people going out pillaged the camp of the Syrians: and a bushel of fine flour was sold for a stater, and two bushels of barley for a stater, according to the word of the Lord.
And the king appointed that lord on whose hand he leaned, to stand at the gate: and the people trod upon him in the entrance of the gate; and he died, as the man of God had said, when the king came down to him.
And it came to pass according to the word of the man of God, which he spoke to the king, when he said: Two bushels of barley shall be for a stater, and a bushel of fine flour for a stater, at this very time to morrow in the gate of Samaria.
When that lord answered the mall of' God, and said: Although the Lord should make flood-gates in heaven, could this come to pass which thou sayest? And he said to him: Thou shalt see with thy eyes, and shalt not eat thereof.
And so it fell out to him as it was foretold, and the people trod upon him in the gate, and he died.
LET every soul be subject to higher powers: for there is no power but from God: and those that are, are ordained of God.
Therefore he that resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God. And they that resist, purchase to themselves damnation.
For princes are not a terror to the good work, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? Do that which is good: and thou shalt have praise from the same.
For he is God's minister to thee, for good. But if thou do that which is evil, fear: for he beareth not the sword in vain. For he is God's minister: an avenger to execute wrath upon him that doth evil.
Wherefore be subject of necessity, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake.
For therefore also you pay tribute. For they are the ministers of God, serving unto this purpose.
Render therefore to all men their dues. Tribute, to whom tribute is due: custom, to whom custom: fear, to whom fear: honour, to whom honour.
Owe no man any thing, but to love one another. For he that loveth his neighbour, hath fulfilled the law.
For Thou shalt not commit adultery: Thou shalt not kill: Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness: Thou shalt not covet: and if there be any other commandment, it is comprised in this word, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
The love of our neighbour worketh no evil. Love therefore is the fulfilling of the law.
And that knowing the season; that it is now the hour for us to rise from sleep. For now our salvation is nearer than when we believed.
The night is passed, and the day is at hand. Let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and put on the armour of light.
Let us walk honestly, as in the day: not in rioting and drunkenness, not in chambering and impurities, not in contention and envy:
But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the flesh in its concupiscences.
Now it came to pass that Naas the king of the children of Ammon died, and his son reigned is his stead.
And David said: I will shew kindness to Hanon the son of Naas: for his father did a favour to me. And David sent messengers to comfort him upon the death of his father. But when they were come into the land of the children of Ammon, to comfort Hanon,
The princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanon: Thou thinkest perhaps that David to do honour to thy father hath sent comforters to thee: and thou dost not take notice, that his servants are come to thee to consider, and search, and spy out thy land.
Wherefore Hanon shaved the heads and beards of the servants of David, and cut away their garments from the buttocks to the feet, and sent them away.
And when they were gone, they sent word to David, who sent to meet them (for they had suffered a great affront) and ordered them to stay at Jericho till their beards grew and then to return.
And when the children of Ammon saw that they had done an injury to David, Hanon and the rest of the people sent a thousand talents of silver, to hire them chariots and horsemen out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syria Maacha, and out of Soba.
And they hired two and thirty thousand chariots, and the king of Maacha, with his people. And they came and camped over against Medaba. And the children of Ammon gathered themselves together out of their cities, and came to battle.
And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the army of valiant men:
And the children of Ammon came out and put their army in array before the gate of the city : and the kings, that were come to their aid, stood apart in the field.
Wherefore Joab understanding that the battle was set against him before and behind, chose out the bravest men of all Israel, and marched against the Syrians,
And the rest of the people he delivered into the hand of Abisai his brother, and they went against the children of Ammon.
And he said: If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, I will help thee.
Be of good courage and let us behave ourselves manfully for our people, and for the cities of our God: and the Lord will do that which is good in his sight.
So Joab and the people that were with him, went against the Syrians to the battle : and he put them to flight.
And the children of Ammon seeing that the Syrians were fled, they likewise fled from Abisai his brother, and went into the city: and Joab also returned to Jerusalem.
But the Syrians seeing that they had fallen before Israel, sent messengers, and brought to them the Syrians that were beyond the river: and Sophach, general of the army of Adarezer, was their leader.
And it was told David, and he gathered together all Israel, and passed the Jordan, and came upon them, and put his army in array against them, and they fought with him.
But the Syrian fled before Israel: and David slew of the Syrians seven thousand chariots, and forty thousand footmen, and Sophach the general of the army.
And when the servants of Adarezer saw themselves overcome by Israel, they went over to David, and served him: and Syria would not help the children of Ammon any more.
And the word of the Lord came to me, saying:
Son of man, make known to Jerusalem her abominations.
And thou shalt say: Thus saith the Lord God to Jerusalem: Thy root, and thy nativity is of the land of Chanaan, thy father was an Amorrhite, and thy mother a Cethite.
And when thou wast born, in the day of thy nativity thy navel wits not cut, neither wast thou washed with water for thy health, nor salted with salt, nor swaddled with clouts.
No eye had pity on thee to do any of these things for thee, out of compassion to thee: but thou wast cast out upon the face of the earth in the abjection of thy soul, in the day that thou wast born.
And passing by thee, I saw that thou wast trodden under foot in thy own blood. and I said to thee when thou wast in thy blood: Live: I have said to thee: Live in thy blood.
I caused thee to multiply as the bud of the field: and thou didst increase and grow great, and advancedst, and camest to woman's ornament: thy breasts were fashioned, and thy hair grew: and thou wast naked, and full of confusion.
And I passed by thee, and saw thee: and behold thy time was the time of lovers : and I spread my garment over thee, and covered thy ignominy. And I swore to thee, and I entered into a covenant with thee, saith the Lord God: and thou becamest mine.
And I washed thee with water, and cleansed away thy blood from thee: and I anointed thee with oil.
And I clothed thee with embroidery, and shed thee with violet coloured shoes : and I girded thee about with fine linen, and clothed thee with fine garments.
I decked thee also with ornaments, and put bracelets on thy hands, and a chain about thy neck.
And I put a jewel upon thy forehead and earrings in thy ears, and a beautiful crown upon thy head.
And thou wast adorned with gold, and silver, and wast clothed with fine linen, and embroidered work, and many colours: thou didst eat fine hour, and honey, and oil, and wast made exceeding beautiful: and wast advanced to be a queen.
And thy renown went forth among the nations for thy beauty: for thou wast perfect through my beauty, which I had put upon thee, saith the Lord God.
But trusting in thy beauty, thou playedst the harlot because of thy renown, and thou hast prostituted thyself to every passenger, to be his.
And taking of thy garments thou hast made thee high places sewed together on each side: and hast played the harlot upon them, as hath not been done before, nor shall be hereafter.
And thou tookest thy beautiful vessels, of my gold, and my silver, which I gave thee, and thou madest thee images of men, and hast committed fornication with them.
And thou tookest thy garments of divers colours, and coveredst them : and settest my oil and my sweet incense before them.
And my bread which I gave thee, the fine flour, and oil, and honey, wherewith I fed thee, thou hast set before them for a sweet odour; and it was done, saith the Lord God.
And thou hast taken thy sons, and thy daughters, whom thou hast borne to me: and best sacrificed the same to them to be devoured. Is thy fornication small?
Thou hast sacrificed and given my children to them, consecrating them by fire.
And after all thy abominations, and fornications, thou hast not remembered the days of thy youth, when thou wast naked, and full of confusion, trodden under foot in thy own blood.
And it came to pass after all thy wickedness (woe, woe to thee, saith the Lord God)
That thou didst also build thee a common stew, and madest thee a brothel house in every street.
At every head of the way thou hast set up a sign of thy prostitution: and hast made thy beauty to be abominable: and hast prostituted thyself to every one that passed by, and hast multiplied thy fornications.
And thou hast committed fornication with the Egyptians thy neighbours, men of large bodies, and hast multiplied thy fornications to provoke me.
Behold, I will stretch out my hand upon thee, and will take away thy justification: and I will deliver thee up to the will of the daughters of the Philistines that hate thee, that are ashamed of thy wicked way.
Thou hast also committed fornication with the Assyrians, because thou wast not yet satisfied: and after thou hadst played the harlot with them, even so thou wast not contented.
Thou hast also multiplied thy fornications in the land of Chanaan with the Chaldeans: and neither so wast then satisfied.
Wherein shall I cleanse thy heart, saith the Lord God: seeing thou dost all these the works of a shameless prostitute?
Because thou hast built thy brothel house at the head of every way, and thou hast made thy high place in every street: and wast not as a harlot that by disdain enhanceth her price,
But as an adulteress, that bringeth in strangers over her husband.
Gifts are given to all harlots: but thou hast given hire to all thy lovers, and thou hast given them gifts to come to thee from every side, to commit fornication with thee.
And it hath happened in thee contrary to the custom of women in thy fornications, and after thee there shall be no such fornication: for in that thou gavest rewards, and didst not take rewards, the contrary hath been done in thee.
Therefore, O harlot, hear the word of the Lord.
Thus saith the Lord God: Because thy money hath been poured out, and thy shame discovered through thy fornications with thy lovers, and with the idols of thy abominations, by the blood of thy children whom thou gavest them:
Behold, I will gather together all thy lovers with whom thou hast taken pleasure, and all whom thou hast loved, with all whom thou hast hated: and I will gather them together against thee on every side, and will discover thy shame in their sight, and they shall see all thy nakedness.
And I will judge thee as adulteresses, and they that shed blood are judged: and I will give thee blood in fury and jealousy.
And I will deliver thee into their hands, and they shall destroy thy brothel house, and throw down thy stews: and they shall strip thee of thy garments, and shall take away the vessels of thy beauty: and leave thee naked, and full of disgrace.
And they shall bring upon thee a multitude, and they shall stone thee with stones, and shall slay thee with their swords.
nd they shall burn thy houses with fire, and shall execute judgments upon thee in the sight of many women: and thou shalt cease from fornication, and shalt give no hire any more.
And my indignation shall rest in thee: and my jealousy shall depart from thee, and I will cease and be angry no more.
Because thou hast not remembered the days of thy youth, but hast provoked me in all these things: wherefore I also have turned thy ways upon thy head, saith the Lord God, and I have not done according to thy wicked deeds in all thy abominations.
Behold every one that useth a common proverb, shall use this against thee, saying: As the mother was, so also is her daughter.
Thou art thy mother's daughter, that cast off her husband, and her children: and thou art the sister of thy sisters, who cast off their husbands, and their children: your mother was a Cethite, and your father an Amorrhite.
And thy elder sister is Samaria, she and her daughters that dwell at thy left hand: and thy younger sister that dwelleth at thy right hand is Sodom, and her daughters.
But neither hast thou walked in their ways, nor hast thou done a little less than they according to their wickednesses: thou hast done almost more wicked things than they in all thy ways
as I live, saith the Lord God, thy sister Sodom herself, and her daughters, have not done as thou hast done, and thy daughters.
Behold this was the iniquity of Sodom thy sister, pride, fulness of bread, and abundance, and the idleness of her, and of her daughters: and they did not put forth their hand to the needy, and to the poor.
And they were lifted up, and committed abominations before me: and I took them away as thou hast seen.
And Samaria committed not half thy sins: but thou hast surpassed them with thy crimes, and hast justified thy sisters by all thy abominations which thou hast done.
Therefore do thou also bear thy confusion, thou that hast surpassed thy sisters with thy sine, doing more wickedly than they: for they are justified above thee, therefore be thou also confounded, and bear thy shame, thou that hast justified thy sisters.
And I will bring back and restore them by bringing back Sodom, with her daughters, and by bringing back Samaria, and her daughters: and I will bring those that return of thee in the midst of them.
That thou mayest bear thy shame, and mayest be confounded in all that thou hast done, comforting them.
And thy sister Sodom and her daughters shall return to their ancient state: and Samaria and her daughters shall return to their ancient state: and thou and thy daughters shall return to your ancient state.
And Sodom thy sister was not heard of in thy mouth, in the day of thy pride,
Before thy malice was laid open: as it is at this time, making thee a reproach of the daughters of Syria, and of all the daughters of Palestine round about thee, that encompass thee on all sides.
Thou hast borne thy wickedness, and thy disgrace, saith the Lord God.
For thus saith the Lord God: I will deal with thee, as thou hast despised the oath, in breaking the covenant:
And I will remember my covenant with thee in the days of thy youth: and I will establish with thee an everlasting covenant.
And thou shalt remember thy ways, and be ashamed: when thou shalt receive thy sisters, thy elder and thy younger: and I will give them to thee for daughters, but not by thy covenant.
And I will establish my covenant with thee: and thou shalt know that I am the Lord,
That thou mayest remember, and be confounded, and mayest no more open thy mouth because of thy confusion, when I shall be pacified toward thee for all that thou hast done, saith the Lord God.
Thou shalt make also an altar of setim wood, which shall be five cubits long and as many broad, that is, foursquare, and three cubits high.
And there shall be horns at the four corners of the same: and thou shalt cover it with brass.
And thou shalt make for the uses thereof pans to receive the ashes, and tongs and fleshhooks, and firepans: all its vessels thou shalt make of brass.
And a grate of brass in manner of a net: at the four corners of which shall be four rings of brass,
Which thou shalt put under the hearth of the altar: and the grate shall be even to the midst of the altar.
Thou shalt make also two bars for the altar of setim wood, which thou shalt cover with plates of brass:
And thou shalt draw them through rings, and they shall be on both sides of the altar to carry it.
Thou shalt not make it solid, but empty and hollow in the inside, as it was shewn thee in the mount.
Thou shalt make also the court of the tabernacle, in the south side whereof southward there shall be hangings of fine twisted linen of a hundred cubits long for one side.
And twenty pillars with as many sockets of brass, the heads of which with their engraving of silver.
In like manner also on the north side there shall be hangings of a hundred cubits long, twenty pillars, and as many sockets of brass, and their heads with their engraving of silver.
But in the breadth of the court, that looketh to the west, there shall be hangings of fifty cubits, and ten pillars, and as many sockets.
In that breadth also of the court, which looketh to the east, there shall be fifty cubits.
In which there shall be for one side hangings of fifteen cubits, and three pillars and as many sockets.
And in the other side there shall be hangings of fifteen cubits, with three pillars and as many sockets.
And in the entrance of the court there shall be made a hanging of twenty cubits of violet and purple, and scarlet twice dyed, and fine twisted linen, with embroidered work: it shall have four pillars with as many sockets.
All the pillars of the court round about shall be garnished with plates of silver, silver heads and sockets of brass.
In length the court shall take up a hundred cubits, in breadth fifty, the height shall be of five cubits, and it shall be made of fine twisted linen, and shall have sockets of brass.
All the vessels of the tabernacle for all uses and ceremonies, and the pins both of it, and of the court, thou shalt make of brass.
Command the children of Israel that they bring thee the purest oil of the olives, and beaten with a pestle: that a lamp may burn always,
In the tabernacle of the testimony without the veil that hangs before the testimony. And Aaron and his sons shall order it, that it may give light before the Lord until the morning. It shall be a perpetual observance throughout their successions among the children of Israel.
Give praise to Lord, for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Let Israel now say that he is good: that his mercy endureth for ever.
Let the house of Aaron now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.
Let them that fear the Lord now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.
In my trouble I called upon the Lord: and the Lord heard me, and enlarged me.
The Lord is my helper, I will not fear what man can do unto me.
The Lord is my helper: and I will look over my enemies.
It is good to confide in the Lord, rather than to have confidence in man.
It is good to trust in the Lord, rather than to trust in princes.
All nations compassed me about; and in the name of the Lord I have been revenged on them.
Surrounding me they compassed me about: and in the name of the Lord I have been revenged on them.
They surrounded me like bees, and they burned like fire among thorns: and in the name of the Lord I was revenged on them
Being pushed I was overturned that I might fall: but the Lord supported me.
The Lord is my strength and my praise: and he is become my salvation.
The voice of rejoicing and of salvation is in the tabernacles of the just.
The right hand of the Lord hath wrought strength: the right hand of the Lord hath exulted me: the right hand of the Lord hath wrought strength.
I shall not die, but live: and shall declare the works of the Lord.
The Lord chastising hath chastised me: but he hath not delivered me over to death.
Open ye to me the gates of justice: I will go into them, and give praise to the Lord.
This is the gate of the Lord, the just shall enter into it.
I will give glory to thee because thou hast heard me: and art become my salvation.
The stone which the builders rejected; the same is become the head of the corner.
This is the Lord's doing: and it is wonderful in our eyes.
This is the day which the Lord hath made: let us be glad and rejoice therein.
O Lord, save me: O Lord, give good success.
Blessed be he that cometh in the name Lord. We have blessed you out of the house of the Lord.
The Lord is God, and he hath shone upon us. Appoint a solemn day, with shady boughs, even to the horn of the alter.
Thou art my God, and I will praise thee: thou art my God, and I will exalt thee. I will praise thee, because thou hast heard me, and art become my salvation.
O praise ye the Lord, for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Blessed be the Lord my God, who teacheth my hands to fight, and my fingers to war.
My mercy, and my refuge: my support, and my deliverer: My protector, and I have hoped in him: who subdueth my people under me.
Lord, what is man, that thou art made known to him? or the son of man, that thou makest account of him?
Man is like to vanity: his days pass away like a shadow.
Lord, bow down thy heavens and descend: touch the mountains and they shall smoke.
Send forth lightning, and thou shalt scatter them: shoot out thy arrows, and thou shalt trouble them.
Put forth thy hand from on high, take me out, and deliver me from many waters: from the hand of strange children:
Whose mouth hath spoken vanity: and their right hand is the right hand of iniquity.
To thee, O God, I will sing a new canticle: on the psaltery and an instrument of ten strings I will sing praises to thee.
Who givest salvation to kings: who hast redeemed thy servant David from the malicious sword:
Deliver me, And rescue me out of the hand of strange children; whose mouth hath spoken vanity: and their right hand is the right hand of iniquity:
Whose sons are as new plants in their youth: Their daughters decked out, adorned round about after the similitude of a temple:
Their storehouses full, flowing out of this into that. Their sheep fruitful in young, abounding in their goings forth:
their oxen fat. There is no breach of wall, nor passage, nor crying out in their streets.
They have called the people happy, that hath these things: but happy is that people whose God is the Lord.
The word that Jeremias the prophet spoke to Baruch the son of Nerias, when he had written there words in a book, out of the mouth of Jeremias, in the fourth year of Joakim the son of Josias king of Juda, saying:
Thus saith the Lord the God of Israel to thee, Baruch:
Thou hast said: Woe is me, wretch that I am, for the Lord hath added sorrow to my sorrow: I am wearied with my groans, and I find no rest.
Thus saith the Lord: Thus shalt thou say to him: Behold, them whom I have built, I do destroy: and them whom I have planted, I do pluck up, and all this land.
And dost thou seek great things for thyself ? Seek not : for behold I will bring evil upon all flesh, saith the Lord ! but I will give thee thy life, and save thee in all places whithersoever thou shalt go.
But there were also false prophets among the people, even as there shall be among you lying teachers, who shall bring in sects of perdition, and deny the Lord who bought them: bringing upon themselves swift destruction.
And many shall follow their riotousnesses, through whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of.
And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you. Whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not, and their perdition slumbereth not.
For if God spared not the angels that sinned, but delivered them, drawn down by infernal ropes to the lower hell, unto torments, to be reserved unto judgment:
And spared not the original world, but preserved Noe, the eighth person, the preacher of justice, bringing in the flood upon the world of the ungodly.
And reducing the cities of the Sodomites, and of the Gomorrhites, into ashes, condemned them to be overthrown, making them an example to those that should after act wickedly.
And delivered just Lot, oppressed by the injustice and lewd conversation of the wicked.
For in sight and hearing he was just: dwelling among them, who from day to day vexed the just soul with unjust works.
The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly from temptation, but to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment to be tormented.
And especially them who walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness, and despise government, audacious, self willed, they fear not to bring in sects, blaspheming.
Whereas angels who are greater in strength and power, bring not against themselves a railing judgment.
But these men, as irrational beasts, naturally tending to the snare and to destruction, blaspheming those things which they know not, shall perish in their corruption,
Receiving the reward of their injustice, counting for a pleasure the delights of a day: stains and spots, sporting themselves to excess, rioting in their feasts with you:
Having eyes full of adultery and of sin that ceaseth not: alluring unstable souls, having their heart exercised with covetousness, children of malediction:
Leaving the right way they have gone astray, having followed the way of Balaam of Bosor, who loved the wages of iniquity,
But had a check of his madness, the dumb beast used to the yoke, which speaking with man's voice, forbade the folly of the prophet.
These are fountains without water, and clouds tossed with whirlwinds, to whom the mist of darkness is reserved.
For, speaking proud words of vanity, they allure by the desires of fleshly riotousness, those who for a little while escape, such as converse in error:
Promising them liberty, whereas they themselves are the slaves of corruption. For by whom a man is overcome, of the same also he is the slave.
For if, flying from the pollutions of the world, through the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, they be again entangled in them and overcome: their latter state is become unto them worse than the former.
For it had been better for them not to have known the way of justice, than after they have known it, to turn back from that holy commandment which was delivered to them.
For, that of the true proverb has happened to them: The dog is returned to his vomit: and, The sow that was washed, to her wallowing in the mire.
Assemble yourselves together, be gathered together, O nation not worthy to be loved:
Before the decree bring forth the day as dust passing away, before the fierce anger of the Lord come upon you, before the day of the Lord's indignation come upon you.
Seek the Lord, all ye meek of the earth, you that have wrought his judgment: seek the just, seek the meek: if by any means you may be hid in the day of the Lord's indignation.
For Gaza shall be destroyed, and Ascalon shall be a desert, they shall cast out Azotus at noonday, and Accaron shall be rooted up.
Woe to you that inhabit the sea coast, O nation of reprobates: the word of the Lord upon you, O Chanaan, the land of the Philistines, and I will destroy thee, so that there shall not be an inhabitant.
And the sea coast shall be the resting place of shepherds, and folds for cattle:
And it shall be the portion of him that shall remain of the house of Juda, there they shall feed: in the houses of Ascalon they shall rest in the evening: because the Lord their God will visit them, and bring back their captivity.
I have heard the reproach of Moab, and the blasphemies of the children of Ammon, with which they reproached my people, and have magnified themselves upon their borders.
Therefore as I live, saith the Lord of hosts the God of Israel, Moab shall be as Sodom, and the children of Ammon as Gomorrha, the dryness of thorns, and heaps of salt, and a desert even for ever: the remnant of my people shall make a spoil of them, and the residue of my nation shall possess them.
This shall befall them for their pride: because they have blasphemed, and have been magnified against the people of the Lord of hosts.
The Lord shall be terrible upon them, and shall consume all the gods of the earth: and they shall adore him every man from his own place, all the islands of the Gentiles.
You Ethiopians, also shall be slain with my sword.
And he will stretch out his hand upon the north, and will destroy Assyria: and he will make the beautiful city a wilderness, and as a place not passable, and as a desert.
And flocks shall lie down in the midst thereof, all the beasts of the nations: and the bittern and the urchin shall lodge in the threshold thereof: the voice of the singing bird in the window, the raven on the upper post, for I will consume her strength.
This is the glorious city that dwelt in security: that said in her heart: I am, and there is none beside me: how is she become a desert, a place for beasts to lie down in? every one that passeth by her, shall hiss, and wag his hand.
Remember thy Creator in the days of thy youth, before the time of affliction come, and the years draw nigh of which thou shalt say: They please me not:
Before the sun, and the light, and the moon, and the stars be darkened, and the clouds return after the rain:
When the keepers of the house shall tremble, and the strong men shall stagger, and the grinders shall be idle in a small number, and they that look through the holes shall be darkened:
And they shall shut the doors in the street, when the grinder's voice shall be low, and they shall rise up at the voice of the bird, and all the daughters of music shall grow deaf.
And they shall fear high things, and they shall be afraid in the way, the almond tree shall flourish, the locust shall be made fat, and the caper tree shall be destroyed: because man shall go into the house of his eternity, and the mourners shall go round about in the street.
Before the silver cord be broken, and the golden fillet shrink back, and the pitcher be crushed at the fountain, and the wheel be broken upon the cistern,
And the dust return into its earth, from whence it was, and the spirit return to God, who gave it.
Vanity of vanities, said Ecclesiastes, and all things are vanity.
And whereas Ecclesiastes was very wise, he taught the people, and declared the things that he had done: and seeking out, he set forth many parables.
He sought profitable words, and wrote words most right, and full of truth.
The words of the wise are as goads, and as nails deeply fastened in, which by the counsel of masters are given from one shepherd.
More than these, my son, require not. Of making many books there is no end: and much study is an affliction of the flesh.
Let us all hear together the conclusion of the discourse. Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is all man:
And all things that are done, God will bring into judgment for every error, whether it be good or evil.
From whence are wars and contentions among you? Are they not hence, from your concupiscences, which war in your members?
You covet, and have not: you kill, and envy, and can not obtain. You contend and war, and you have not, because you ask not.
You ask, and receive not; because you ask amiss: that you may consume it on your concupiscences.
Adulterers, know you not that the friendship of this world is the enemy of God? Whosoever therefore will be a friend of this world, becometh an enemy of God.
Or do you think that the scripture saith in vain: To envy doth the spirit covet which dwelleth in you?
But he giveth greater grace. Wherefore he saith: God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble.
Be subject therefore to God, but resist the devil, and he will fly from you.
Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners: and purify your hearts, ye double minded.
Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned into mourning, and your joy into sorrow.
Be humbled in the sight of the Lord, and he will exalt you.
Detract not one another, my brethren. He that detracteth his brother, or he that judgeth his brother, detracteth the law, and judgeth the law. But if thou judge the law, thou art not a doer of the law, but a judge.
There is one lawgiver, and judge, that is able to destroy and to deliver.
But who art thou that judgest thy neighbour? Behold, now you that say: To day or to morrow we will go into such a city, and there we will spend a year, and will traffic, and make our gain.
Whereas you know not what shall be on the morrow.
For what is your life? It is a vapour which appeareth for a little while, and afterwards shall vanish away. For that you should say: If the Lord will, and if we shall live, we will do this or that.
But now you rejoice in your arrogancies. All such rejoicing is wicked.
To him therefore who knoweth to do good, and doth it not, to him it is sin.
Now after these things Absalom made himself chariots, and horsemen, and fifty men to run before him.
And Absalom rising up early stood by the entrance of the gate, and when any man had business to come to the king's judgment, Absalom called him to him, and said: Of what city art thou? He answered, and said: Thy servant is of such a tribe of Israel.
And Absalom answered him: Thy words seem to me good and just. But there is no man appointed by the king to hear thee. And Absalom said:
O that they would make me judge over the land, that all that have business might come to me, that I might do them justice.
Moreover when any man came to him to salute him, he put forth his hand, and took him, and kissed him.
And this he did to all Israel that came for judgment, to be heard by the king, and he enticed the hearts of the men of Israel.
And after forty years, Absalom said to king David: Let me go, and pay my vows which I have vowed to the Lord in Hebron.
For thy servant made avow, when he was in Gessur of Syria, saying: If the Lord shall bring me again into Jerusalem I will offer sacrifice to the Lord.
And king David said to him: Go in peace. And he arose, and went to Hebron.
And Absalom sent spies into all the tribes of Israel, saying: As soon as you shall hear the sound of the trumpet, say ye: Absalom reigneth in Hebron.
Now there went with Absalom two hundred men out of Jerusalem that were called, going with simplicity of heart, and knowing nothing of the design.
Absalom also sent for Achitophel the Gilonite, David's counsellor, from his city Gilo. And while he was offering sacrifices, there was a strong conspiracy, and the people running together increased with Absalom.
And there came a messenger to David, saying: All Israel with their whole heart followeth Absalom.
And David said to his servants, that were with him in Jerusalem: Arise and let us flee: for we shall not escape else from the face of Absalom: make haste to go out, lest he come and overtake us, and bring ruin upon us, and smite the city with the edge of the sword.
And the king's servants said to him: Whatsoever our lord the king shall command, we thy servants will willingly execute.
And the king went forth, and all his household on foot: and the king left ten women his concubines to keep the house:
And the king going forth and all Israel on foot, stood afar off from the house:
And all his servants walked by him, and the bands of the Cerethi, and the Phelethi, and all the Gethites, valiant warriors, six hundred men who had followed him from Geth on foot, went before the king.
And the king said to Ethai the Gethite: Why comest thou with us? return and dwell with the king, for thou art a stranger, and art come out of thy own place.
Yesterday thou camest, and to day shalt thou be forced to go forth with us? but I shall go whither I am going: return thou, and take back thy brethren with thee, and the Lord will shew thee mercy, and truth, because thou hast shewn grace and fidelity.
And Ethai answered the king, saying: As the Lord liveth, and as my lord the king liveth: in what place soever thou shalt be, my lord, O king, either in death, or in life, there will thy servant be.
And David said to Ethai: Come, and pass over. And Ethai the Gethite passed, and all the men that were with him, and the rest of the people.
And they all wept with a loud voice, and all the people passed over: the king also himself went over the brook Cedron, and all the people marched towards the way that looketh to the desert.
And Sadoc the priest also came, and all the Levites with him carrying the ark of the covenant of God, and they set down the ark of God: and Abiathar went up, till all the people that was come out of the city had done passing.
And the king said to Sadoc: Carry back the ark of God into the city: if I shall find grace in the sight of the Lord, he will bring me again, and he will shew me it, and his tabernacle.
But if he shall say to me: Thou pleasest me not: I am ready, let him do that which is good before him.
And the king said to Sadoc the priest: O seer, return into the city in peace: and let Achimaas thy son, and Jonathan the son of Abiathar, your two sons, be with you.
Behold I will lie hid in the plains of the wilderness, till there come word from you to certify me.
So Sadoc and Abiathar carried back the ark of God into Jerusalem: and they tarried there.
But David went up by the ascent of mount Olivet, going up and weeping, walking barefoot, and with his head covered, and all the people that were with them, went up with their heads covered weeping.
And it was told David that Achitophel also was in the conspiracy with Absalom, and David said: Infatuate, O Lord, I beseech thee, the counsel of Achitophel.
And when David was come to the top of the mountain, where he was about to adore the Lord, behold Chusai the Arachite, came to meet him with his garment rent and his head covered with earth.
And David said to him: If thou come with me, thou wilt be a burden to me:
But if thou return into the city, and wilt say to Absalom: I am thy servant, O king: as I have been thy father's servant, so I will be thy servant: thou shalt defeat the counsel of Achitophel.
And thou hast with thee Sadoc, and Abiathar the priests: and what thing soever thou shalt hear out of the king's house, thou shalt tell it to Sadoc and Abiathar the priests.
And there are with them their two sons Achimaas the son of Sadoc, and Jonathan the son of Abiathar: and you shall send by them to me every thing that you shall hear.
Then Chusai the friend of David went into the city, and Absalom came into Jerusalem.
After the death of Josue the children of Israel consulted the Lord, saying: Who shall go up before us against the Chanaanite, and shall be the leader of the war?
And the Lord said: Juda shall go up: behold I have delivered the land into his hands.
And Juda said to Simeon his brother: Come up with me into my lot, and fight against the Chanaanite, that I also may go along with thee into thy lot. And Simeon went with him.
And Juda went up, and the Lord delivered the Chanaanite, and the Pherezite into their hands: and they slew of them in Bezec ten thousand men.
And they found Adonibezec in Bezec, and fought against him, and they defeated the Chanaanite, and the Pherezite.
And Adonibezec fled: and they pursued after him and took him, and cut off his fingers and toes.
And Adonibezec said: Seventy kings having their fingers and toes cut off, gathered up the leavings of the meat under my table: as I have done, so hath God requited me. And they brought him to Jerusalem, and he died there.
And the children of Juda besieging Jerusalem, took it, and put it to the sword, and set the whole city on fire.
And afterwards they went down and fought against the Chanaanite, who dwelt in the mountains, and in the south, and in the plains.
And Juda going forward against the Chanaanite, that dwelt in Hebron (the name whereof was in former times Cariath-Arbe) slew Sesai, and Ahiman, and Tholmai:
And departing from thence he went to the inhabitants of Dabir, the ancient name of which was Cariath-Sepher, that is, the city of letters.
And Caleb said: He that shall take Cariath-Sepher, and lay it waste, to him will I give my daughter Axa to wife.
And Othoniel the son of Cenez, the younger brother of Caleb, having taken it, he gave him Axa his daughter to wife.
And as she was going on her way her husband admonished her to ask a field of her father. And as she sighed sitting on her ass, Caleb said to her: What aileth thee?
But she answered: Give me a blessing, for thou hast given me a dry land: give me also a watery land. So Caleb gave her the upper and the nether watery ground.
And the children of the Cinite, the kinsman of Moses, went up from the city of palms, with the children of Juda into the wilderness of his lot, which is at the south side of Arad, and they dwelt with him.
And Juda went with Simeon his brother, and they together defeated the Chanaanites that dwelt in Sephaath, and slew them. And the name of the city was called Horma, that is, Anathema.
And Juda took Gaza with its confines, and Ascalon and Accaron with their confines.
And the Lord was with Juda, and he possessed the hill country: but was not able to destroy the inhabitants of the valley, because they had many chariots armed with scythes.
And they gave Hebron to Caleb, as Moses had said, who destroyed out of it the three sons of Enac.
But the sons of Benjamin did not destroy the Jebusites that inhabited Jerusalem: and the Jebusite hath dwelt with the sons of Benjamin in Jerusalem until this present day.
The house of Joseph also went up against Bethel, and the Lord was with them.
For when they were besieging the city, which before was called Luza,
They saw a man coming out of the city, and they said to him: Shew us the entrance into the city, and we will shew thee mercy.
And when he had shewn them, they smote the city with the edge of the sword: but that man and all his kindred they let go:
Who being sent away, went into the land of Hethim, and built there a city, and called it Luza: which is so called until this day.
Manasses also did not destroy Bethsan, and Thanac with their villages, nor the inhabitants of Dor, and Jeblaam, and Mageddo with their villages. And the Chanaanite began to dwell with them.
But after Israel was grown strong he made them tributaries, and would not destroy them.
Ephraim also did not slay the Chanaanite that dwelt in Gazer, but dwelt with him.
Zabulon destroyed not the inhabitants of Cetron, and Naalol: but the Chanaanite dwelt among them, and became their tributaries.
Aser also destroyed not the inhabitants of Accho, and of Sidon, of Ahalab, and of Achazib, and of Helba, and of Aphec, and of Rohob:
And he dwelt in the midst of the Chanaanites the inhabitants of that land, and did not slay them.
Nephtali also destroyed not the inhabitants of Bethsames, and of Bethanath: and he dwelt in the midst of the Chanaanites the inhabitants of the land, and the Bethsamites and Bethanites were tributaries to him.
And the Amorrhite straitened the children of Dan in the mountain, and gave them not place to go down to the plain:
And he dwelt in the mountain Hares, that is, of potsherds, in Aialon and Salebim. And the hand of the house of Joseph was heavy upon him, and he became tributary to him.
And the border of the Amorrhite was from the ascent of the scorpion, the rock, and the higher places.
Now Abraham was old; and advanced in age: and the Lord had blessed him in all things.
And he said to the elder servant of his house, who was ruler over all he had: Put thy hand under my thigh,
That I may make thee swear by the Lord the God of heaven and earth, that thou take not a wife for my son, of the daughters of the Chanaanites, among whom I dwell:
But that thou go to my own country and kindred, and take a wife from thence for my son Isaac.
The servant answered: If the woman will not come with me into this land, must I bring thy son back again to the place, from whence thou camest out?
And Abraham said: Beware thou never bring my son back again thither.
The Lord God of heaven, who took me out of my father's house, and out of my native country, who spoke to me, and swore to me, saying: To thy seed will I give this land: he will send his angel before thee, and thou shalt take from thence a wife for my son.
But if the woman will not follow thee, thou shalt not be bound by the oath; only bring not my son back thither again.
The servant therefore put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his lord, and swore to him upon this word.
And he took ten camels of his master's herd, and departed, carrying something of all his goods with him, and he set forth and went on to Mesopotamia to the city of Nachor.
And when he had made the camels lie down without the town near a well of water in Evening, at the time when women were wont to come out to draw water, he said:
O Lord the God of my master Abraham, meet me today, I beseech thee, and show kindness to my master Abraham.
Behold I stand nigh the spring of water, and the daughters of the inhabitants of this city will come out to draw water.
Now, therefore, the maid to whom I shall say: Let down thy pitcher that I may drink: and she shall answer, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: let it be the same whom thou hast provided for thy servant Isaac: and by this I shall understand, that thou hast shown kindness to my master.
he had not yet ended these words within himself, and behold Rebecca came out, the daughter of Bathuel, son of Melcha, wife to Nachor the brother of Abraham, having a pitcher on her shoulder:
An exceedingly comely maid, and a most beautiful virgin, and not known to man: and she went down to the spring, and filled her pitcher and was coming back.
And the servant ran to meet her, and said: Give me a little water to drink of thy pitcher.
And she answered: Drink, my lord. And quickly she let down the pitcher upon her arm, and gave him drink.
And when he had drunk, she said: I will draw water for thy camels also, till they all drink.
And pouring out the pitcher into the troughs, she ran back to the well to draw water: and having drawn she gave to all the camels.
But he musing beheld her with silence, desirous to know whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not.
And after that the camels had drunk, the man took out golden earrings, weighing two sicles: and as many bracelets of ten sicles weight.
And he said to her: Whose daughter art thou? tell me: is there any place in thy father's house to lodge?
And she answered: I am the daughter of Bathuel, the son of Melcha, whom she bore to Nachor.
And she said moreover to him: We have good store of both straw and hay, and a large place to lodge in.
The man bowed himself down, and adored the Lord,
Saying: Blessed be the Lord God of my master Abraham, who hath not taken away his mercy and truth from my master, and hath brought me the straight way into the house of my master's brother.
Then the maid ran, and told in her mother's house, all that she had heard.
And Rebecca had a brother named Laban, who went out in haste to the man, to the well.
And when he had seen the earrings and bracelets in his sister's hands, and had heard all that she related, saying: Thus and thus the man spoke to me: he came to the man who stood by the camels, and near to the spring of water,
And said to him: Come in, thou blessed of the Lord: why standest thou without? I have prepared the house, and a place for the camels.
And he brought him in into his lodging: and he unharnessed the camels and gave straw and hay, and water to wash his feet, and the feet of the men that were come with him.
And bread was set before him. But he said: I will not eat, till I tell my message. He answered him: Speak.
And he said: I am the servant of Abraham:
And the Lord hath blessed my master wonderfully, and he is become great: and he hath given him sheep and oxen, silver and gold, menservants and womenservants, camels and asses.
And Sara my master's wife hath borne my master a son in her old age, and he hath given him all that he had.
And my master made me swear, saying: Thou shalt not take a wife for my son of the Chanaanites, in whose land I dwell:
But thou shalt go to my father's house, and shalt take a wife of my own kindred for my son:
But I answered my master: What if the woman will not come with me?
The Lord, said he, in whose sight I walk, will send his angel with thee, and will direct thy way: and thou shalt take a wife for my son of my own kindred, and of my father's house.
But thou shalt be clear from my curse, when thou shalt come to my kindred, if they will not give thee one.
And I came today to the well of water, and said: O Lord God of my master Abraham, if thou hast prospered my way, wherein I now walk,
Behold I stand by the well of water, and the virgin, that shall come out to draw water, who shall hear me say: Give me a little water to drink of thy pitcher:
And shall say to me: Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels: let the same be the woman, whom the Lord hath prepared for my master's son.
And whilst I pondered these things secretly with myself, Rebecca appeared coming with a pitcher, which she carried on her shoulder: and she went down to the well and drew water. And I said to her: Give me a little to drink.
And she speedily let down the pitcher from her shoulder, and said to me: Both drink thou, and to thy camels I will give drink. I drank, and she watered the camels.
And I asked her, and said: Whose daughter art thou? And she answered: I am the daughter of Bathuel, the son of Nachor, whom Melcha bore to him. So I put earrings on her to adorn her face, and I put bracelets on her hands.
And falling down I adored the Lord, blessing the Lord God of my master Abraham, who hath brought me the straight way to take the daughter of my master's brother for his son.
Wherefore if you do according to mercy and truth with my master, tell me: but if it please you otherwise, tell me that also, that I may go to the right hand, or to the left.
And Laban and Bathuel answered: The word hath proceeded from the Lord, we cannot speak any other thing to thee but his pleasure.
Behold Rebecca is before thee, take her and go thy way, and let her be the wife of thy master's son, as the Lord hath spoken.
WHich when Abraham's servant heard, falling down to the ground he adored the Lord.
And bringing forth vessels of silver and gold, and garments, he gave them to Rebecca for a present. He offered gifts also to her brothers, and to her mother.
And a banquet was made, and they ate and drank together, and lodged there. And in the morning, the servant arose, and said: Let me depart, that I may go to my master.
And her brother and mother answered: Let the maid stay at least ten days with us, and afterwards she shall depart.
Stay me not, said he, because the Lord hath prospered my way: send me away, that I may go to my master.
And they said: Let us call the maid, and ask her will.
And they called her, and when she was come, they asked: Wilt thou go with this man? She said: I will go.
So they sent her away, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his company,
Wishing prosperity to their sister, and saying: Thou art our sister, mayst thou increase to thousands of thousands, and may thy seed possess the gates of their enemies.
So Rebecca and her maids, being set upon camels, followed the man: who with speed returned to his master.
At the same time Isaac was walking along the way to the well which is called Of the living and the seeing: for he dwelt in the south country.
And he was gone forth to meditate in the field, the day being now well spent: and when he had lifted up his eyes, he saw camels coming afar off.
Rebecca also, when she saw Isaac, lighted off the camel,
And said to the servant: Who is that man who cometh towards us along the field? And he said to her: That man is my master. But she quickly took her cloak, and covered herself.
And the servant told Isaac all that he had done.
Who brought her into the tent of Sara his mother, and took her to wife: and he loved her so much, that it moderated the sorrow which was occasioned by his mother's death.
LET not your heart be troubled. You believe in God, believe also in me.
In my Father's house there are many mansions. If not, I would have told you: because I go to prepare a place for you.
And if I shall go, and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and will take you to myself; that where I am, you also may be.
And whither I go you know, and the way you know.
Thomas saith to him: Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way?
Jesus saith to him: I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No man cometh to the Father, but by me.
If you had known me, you would without doubt have known my Father also: and from henceforth you shall know him, and you have seen him.
Philip saith to him: Lord, shew us the Father, and it is enough for us.
Jesus saith to him: Have I been so long a time with you; and have you not known me? Philip, he that seeth me seeth the Father also. How sayest thou, Shew us the Father?
Do you not believe, that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? The words that I speak to you, I speak not of myself. But the Father who abideth in me, he doth the works.
Believe you not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me?
Otherwise believe for the very works' sake. Amen, amen I say to you, he that believeth in me, the works that I do, he also shall do; and greater than these shall he do.
Because I go to the Father: and whatsoever you shall ask the Father in my name, that will I do: that the Father may be glorified in the Son.
If you shall ask me any thing in my name, that I will do.
If you love me, keep my commandments.
And I will ask the Father, and he shall give you another Paraclete, that he may abide with you for ever.
The spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, nor knoweth him: but you shall know him; because he shall abide with you, and shall be in you.
I will not leave you orphans, I will come to you.
Yet a little while: and the world seeth me no more. But you see me: because I live, and you shall live.
In that day you shall know, that I am in my Father, and you in me, and I in you.
He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them; he it is that loveth me. And he that loveth me, shall be loved of my Father: and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him.
Judas saith to him, not the Iscariot: Lord, how is it, that thou wilt manifest thyself to us, and not to the world?
Jesus answered, and said to him: If any one love me, he will keep my word, and my Father will love him, and we will come to him, and will make our abode with him.
He that loveth me not, keepeth not my words. And the word which you have heard, is not mine; but the Father's who sent me.
These things have I spoken to you, abiding with you.
But the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he will teach you all things, and bring all things to your mind, whatsoever I shall have said to you.
Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, do I give unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, nor let it be afraid.
You have heard that I said to you: I go away, and I come unto you. If you loved me, you would indeed be glad, because I go to the Father: for the Father is greater than I.
And now I have told you before it comes to pass: that when it shall come to pass, you may believe.
I will not now speak many things with you. For the prince of this world cometh, and in me he hath not any thing.
But that the world may know, that I love the Father: and as the Father hath given me commandment, so do I: Arise, let us go hence.
AND it came to pass afterwards, that he travelled through the cities and towns, preaching and evangelizing the kingdom of God; and the twelve with him:
And certain women who had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities; Mary who is called Magdalen, out of whom seven devils were gone forth,
And Joanna the wife of Chusa, Herod's steward, and Susanna, and many others who ministered unto him of their substance.
And when a very great multitude was gathered together, and hastened out of the cities unto him, he spoke by a similitude.
The sower went out to sow his seed. And as he sowed, some fell by the way side, and it was trodden down, and the fowls of the air devoured it.
And other some fell upon a rock: and as soon as it was sprung up, it withered away, because it had no moisture.
And other some fell among thorns, and the thorns growing up with it, choked it.
And other some fell upon good ground; and being sprung up, yielded fruit a hundredfold. Saying these things, he cried out: He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
And his disciples asked him what this parable might be.
To whom he said: To you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God; but to the rest in parables, that seeing they may not see, and hearing may not understand.
Now the parable is this: The seed is the word of God.
And they by the way side are they that hear; then the devil cometh, and taketh the word out of their heart, lest believing they should be saved.
Now they upon the rock, are they who when they hear, receive the word with joy: and these have no roots; for they believe for a while, and in time of temptation, they fall away.
And that which fell among thorns, are they who have heard, and going their way, are choked with the cares and riches and pleasures of this life, and yield no fruit.
But that on the good ground, are they who in a good and perfect heart, hearing the word, keep it, and bring forth fruit in patience.
Now no man lighting a candle covereth it with a vessel, or putteth it under a bed; but setteth it upon a candlestick, that they who come in may see the light.
For there is not any thing secret that shall not be made manifest, nor hidden, that shall not be known and come abroad.
Take heed therefore how you hear. For whosoever hath, to him shall be given: and whosoever hath not, that also which he thinketh he hath, shall be taken away from him.
And his mother and brethren came unto him; and they could not come at him for the crowd.
And it was told him: Thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to see thee.
Who answering, said to them: My mother and my brethren are they who hear the word of God, and do it.
And it came to pass on a certain day that he went into a little ship with his disciples, and he said to them: Let us go over to the other side of the lake. And they launched forth.
And when they were sailing, he slept; and there came down a storm of wind upon the lake, and they were filled, and were in danger.
And they came and awaked him, saying: Master, we perish. But he arising, rebuked the wind and the rage of the water; and it ceased, and there was a calm.
And he said to them: Where is your faith? Who being afraid, wondered, saying one to another: Who is this, (think you), that he commandeth both the winds and the sea, and they obey him?
And they sailed to the country of the Gerasens, which is over against Galilee.
And when he was come forth to the land, there met him a certain man who had a devil now a very long time, and he wore no clothes, neither did he abide in a house, but in the sepulchres.
And when he saw Jesus, he fell down before him; and crying out with a loud voice, he said: What have I to do with thee, Jesus, Son of the most high God? I beseech thee, do not torment me.
For he commanded the unclean spirit to go out of the man. For many times it seized him, and he was bound with chains, and kept in fetters; and breaking the bonds, he was driven by the devil into the deserts.
And Jesus asked him, saying: What is thy name? But he said: Legion; because many devils were entered into him.
And they besought him that he would not command them to go into the abyss.
And there was there a herd of many swine feeding on the mountain; and they besought him that he would suffer them to enter into them. And he suffered them.
The devils therefore went out of the man, and entered into the swine; and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the lake, and were stifled.
Which when they that fed them saw done, they fled away, and told it in the city and in the villages.
And they went out to see what was done; and they came to Jesus, and found the man, out of whom the devils were departed, sitting at his feet, clothed, and in his right mind; and they were afraid.
And they also that had seen, told them how he had been healed from the legion.
And all the multitude of the country of the Gerasens besought him to depart from them; for they were taken with great fear. And he, going up into the ship, returned back again.
Now the man, out of whom the devils were departed, besought him that he might be with him. But Jesus sent him away, saying:
Return to thy house, and tell how great things God hath done to thee. And he went through the whole city, publishing how great things Jesus had done to him.
And it came to pass, that when Jesus was returned, the multitude received him: for they were all waiting for him.
And behold there came a man whose name was Jairus, and he was a ruler of the synagogue: and he fell down at the feet of Jesus, beseeching him that he would come into his house:
For he had an only daughter, almost twelve years old, and she was dying. And it happened as he went, that he was thronged by the multitudes.
And there was a certain woman having an issue of blood twelve years, who had bestowed all her substance on physicians, and could not be healed by any.
She came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment; and immediately the issue of her blood stopped.
And Jesus said: Who is it that touched me? And all denying, Peter and they that were with him said: Master, the multitudes throng and press thee, and dost thou say, Who touched me?
And Jesus said: Somebody hath touched me; for I know that virtue is gone out from me.
And the woman seeing that she was not hid, came trembling, and fell down before his feet, and declared before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was immediately healed.
But he said to her: Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go thy way in peace.
As he was yet speaking, there cometh one to the ruler of the synagogue, saying to him: Thy daughter is dead, trouble him not.
And Jesus hearing this word, answered the father of the maid: Fear not; believe only, and she shall be safe.
And when he was come to the house, he suffered not any man to go in with him, but Peter and James and John, and the father and mother of the maiden.
And all wept and mourned for her. But he said: Weep not; the maid is not dead, but sleepeth.
And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.
But he taking her by the hand, cried out, saying: Maid, arise.
And her spirit returned, and she arose immediately. And he bid them give her to eat.
And her parents were astonished, whom he charged to tell no man what was done.
And they told David, saying: Behold the Philistines fight against Ceila, and they rob the barns.
Therefore David consulted the Lord, saying: Shall I go and smite these Philistines? And the Lord said to David: Go, and thou shalt smite the Philistines, and shalt save Ceila.
And the men that were with David, said to him: Behold we are in fear here in Judea, how much more if we go to Ceila against the hands of the Philistines?
Therefore David consulted the Lord again. And he answered and said to him: Arise, and go to Ceila: for I will deliver the Philistines into thy hand.
David therefore, and his men, went to Ceila, and fought against the Philistines, and brought away their cattle, and made a great slaughter of them: and David saved the inhabitants of Ceila.
Now at that time, when Abiathar the son of Achimelech fled to David to Ceila, he came down having an ephod with him.
And it was told Saul that David was come to Ceila: and Saul said: The Lord hath delivered him into my hands, and he is shut up, being come into a city, that hath gates and bars.
And Saul commanded all the people to go down to fight against Ceila, and to besiege David, and his men.
Now when David understood, that Saul secretly prepared evil against him, he said to Abiathar the priest: Bring hither the ephod.
And David said: O Lord God of Israel, thy servant hath heard a report, that Saul designeth to come to Ceila, to destroy the city for my sake:
Will the men of Ceila deliver me into his hands? and will Saul come down, as thy servant hath heard? O Lord God of Israel, tell thy servant. And the Lord said: He will come down.
And David said: Will the men of Ceila deliver me, and my men, into the hands of Saul? And the Lord said: They will deliver thee up.
Then David and his men, who were about six hundred, arose, and departing from Ceila, wandered up and down uncertain where they should stay: and it was told Saul that David was fled from Ceila, and had escaped: wherefore he forbore to go out.
But David abode in the desert in strong holds, and he remained in a mountain of the desert of Ziph, in a woody hill. And Saul sought him always: but the Lord delivered him not into his hands.
And David saw that Saul was come out to seek his life. And David was in the desert of Ziph, in a wood.
And Jonathan the son of Saul arose, and went to David into the wood, and strengthened his hands in God: and he said to him:
Fear not: for the hand of my father Saul shall not find thee, and thou shalt reign over Israel, and I shall be next to thee, yea, and my father knoweth this.
And the two made a covenant before the Lord: and David abode in the wood: but Jonathan returned to his house.
And the Ziphites went up to Saul in Gabaa, saying: Lo, doth not David lie hid with us in the strong holds of the wood, in mount Hachila, which is on the right hand of the desert.
Now therefore come down, as thy soul hath desired to come down: and it shall be our business to deliver him into the king's hands.
And Saul said: Blessed be ye of the Lord, for you have pitied my case.
Go therefore, I pray you, and use all diligence, and curiously inquire, and consider the place where his foot is, and who hath seen him there: for he thinketh of me, that I lie craftily in wait for him.
Consider and see all his lurking holes, wherein he is bid, and return to me with the certainty of the thing, that I may go with you. And if be should even go down into the earth to hide himself, I will search him out in all the thousands of Juda.
And they arose and went to Ziph before Saul: and David and his men were in the desert of Maon, in the plain at the right hand of Jesimon.
Then Saul and his men went to seek him: and it was told David, and forthwith he went down to the rock, and abode in the wilderness of Maon: and when Saul had heard of it he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon.
And Saul went on this side of the mountain: and David and his men were on the other side of the mountain: and David despaired of being able to escape from the face of Saul: and Saul and his men encompassed David and his men round about to take them.
And a messenger came to Saul, saying: Make haste to come, for the Philistines have poured in themselves upon the land.
Wherefore Saul returned, leaving the pursuit of David, and went to meet the Philistines. For this cause they called that place, the Rock of division.
Then David went up from thence, and dwelt in strong holds of Engaddi.
BRETHREN, the will of my heart, indeed, and my prayer to God, is for them unto salvation.
For I bear them witness, that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge.
For they, not knowing the justice of God, and seeking to establish their own, have not submitted themselves to the justice of God.
For the end of the law is Christ, unto justice to every one that believeth.
For Moses wrote, that the justice which is of the law, the man that shall do it, shall live by it.
But the justice which is of faith, speaketh thus: Say not in thy heart, Who shall ascend into heaven? that is, to bring Christ down;
Or who shall descend into the deep? that is, to bring up Christ again from the dead.
But what saith the scripture? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart. This is the word of faith, which we preach.
For if thou confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and believe in thy heart that God hath raised him up from the dead, thou shalt be saved.
For, with the heart, we believe unto justice; but, with the mouth, confession is made unto salvation.
For the scripture saith: Whosoever believeth in him, shall not be confounded.
For there is no distinction of the Jew and the Greek: for the same is Lord over all, rich unto all that call upon him.
For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord, shall be saved.
How then shall they call on him, in whom they have not believed? Or how shall they believe him, of whom they have not heard? And how shall they hear, without a preacher?
And how shall they preach unless they be sent, as it is written: How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, of them that bring glad tidings of good things!
But all do not obey the gospel. For Isaias saith: Lord, who hath believed our report?
Faith then cometh by hearing; and hearing by the word of Christ.
But I say: Have they not heard? Yes, verily, their sound hath gone forth into all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the whole world.
But I say: Hath not Israel known? First, Moses saith: I will provoke you to jealousy by that which is not a nation; by a foolish nation I will anger you.
But Isaias is bold, and saith: I was found by them that did not seek me: I appeared openly to them that asked not after me.
But to Israel he saith: All the day long have I spread my hands to a people that believeth not, and contradicteth me.
AND when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalen, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, bought sweet spices, that coming, they might anoint Jesus.
And very early in the morning, the first day of the week, they come to the sepulchre, the sun being now risen.
And they said one to another: Who shall roll us back the stone from the door of the sepulchre?
And looking, they saw the stone rolled back. For it was very great.
And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, clothed with a white robe: and they were astonished.
Who saith to them: Be not affrighted; you seek Jesus of Nazareth, who was crucified: he is risen, he is not here, behold the place where they laid him.
But go, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee; there you shall see him, as he told you.
But they going out, fled from the sepulchre. For a trembling and fear had seized them: and they said nothing to any man; for they were afraid.
But he rising early the first day of the week, appeared first to Mary Magdalen, out of whom he had cast seven devils.
She went and told them that had been with him, who were mourning and weeping.
And they hearing that he was alive, and had been seen by her, did not believe.
And after that he appeared in another shape to two of them walking, as they were going into the country.
And they going told it to the rest: neither did they believe them.
At length he appeared to the eleven as they were at table: and he upbraided them with their incredulity and hardness of heart, because they did not believe them who had seen him after he was risen again.
And he said to them: Go ye into the whole world, and preach the gospel to every creature.
He that believeth and is baptized, shall be saved: but he that believeth not shall be condemned.
And these signs shall follow them that believe: In my name they shall cast out devils: they shall speak with new tongues.
They shall take up serpents; and if they shall drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them: they shall lay their hands upon the sick, and they shall recover.
And the Lord Jesus, after he had spoken to them, was taken up into heaven, and sitteth on the right hand of God.
But they going forth preached every where: the Lord working withal, and confirming the word with signs that followed.
And Benadad, king of Syria, gathered together all his host, and there were two and thirty kings with him, and horses, and chariots: and going up, he fought against Samaria, and besieged it.
And, sending messengers to Achab king of Israel into the city,
He said: Thus saith Benadad: Thy silver, and thy gold is mine: and thy wives, and thy goodliest children are mine.
And the king of Israel answered: According to thy word, my lord 0 king, I am thine, and all that I have.
And the messengers came again, and said: Thus saith Benadad, who sent us unto thee: Thy silver, and thy gold, and thy wives, and thy children thou shalt deliver up to me.
To morrow therefore at this same hour I will send my servants to thee, and they shall search thy house, and the houses of thy servants: and all that pleaseth them, they shall put in their hands, and take away.
And the king of Israel called all the ancients of the land, and said: Mark, and see that he layeth snares for us. For he sent to me for my wives, and for my children, and for my silver and gold: and I said not nay.
And all the ancients, and all the people said to him: Hearken not to him, nor consent to him.
Wherefore he answered the messengers of Benadad: Tell my lord the king: All that thou didst send for to me thy servant at first, I will do: but this thing I cannot do.
And the messengers returning brought him word. And he sent again and said: Such and such things may the gods do to me, and more may they add, if the dust of Samaria shall suffice for handfuls for all the people that follow me.
And the king of Israel answering, said: Tell him: Let not the girded boast himself as the ungirded.
And it came to pass, when Benadad heard this word, that he and the kings were drinking in pavilions, and he said to his servants: Beset the city. And they beset it.
And behold a prophet coming to Achab king of Israel, said to him: Thus saith the Lord: Hast thou seen all this exceeding great multitude, behold I will deliver them into thy hand this day: that thou mayest know that I am the Lord.
And Achab said: By whom? And he said to him: Thus saith the Lord: By the servants of the princes of the provinces. And he said: Who shall begin to fight? And he said: Thou.
So he mustered the servants of the princes of the provinces, and he found the number of two hundred and thirty-two: and he mustered after them the people, all the children of Israel, seven thousand:
And they went out at noon. But Benadad was drinking himself drunk in his pavilion, and the two and thirty kings with him, who were come to help him.
And the servants of the princes of the provinces went out first. And Benadad sent. And they told him, saying: There are men come out of Samaria.
And he said: Whether they come for peace, take them alive: or whether they come to fight, take them alive.
So the servants of the princes of the provinces went out, and the rest of the army followed:
And every one slew the man that came against him: and the Syrians fled, and Israel pursued after them. And Benadad king of Syria fled away on horseback with his horsemen.
But the king of Israel going out overthrew the horses and chariots, and slew the Syrians with a great slaughter.
(And a prophet coming to the king of Israel, said to him: Go, and strengthen thyself, and know, and see what thou dost: for the next year the king of Syria will come up against thee.)
But the servants of the king of Syria said to him: Their gods are gods of the hills, therefore they have overcome us: but it is better that we should fight against them in the plains, and we shall overcome them.
Do thou therefore this thing: Remove all the kings from thy army, and put captains in their stead:
And make up the number of soldiers that have been slain of thine, and horses according to the former horses, and chariots according to the chariots which thou hadst before: and we will fight against them in the plains, and thou shalt see that we shall overcome them. He believed their counsel and did so.
Wherefore at the return of the year, p Benadad mustered the Syrians, ancient up to Aphec, to fight against Israel.
And the children of Israel were mustered, and taking victuals went out on the other side, and camped over against them, like two little hocks of goats: but the Syrians filled the land.
(And a man of God coming, said to the king of Israel: Thus saith the Lord: Because the Syrians have said: The Lord is God of the hills, but is not God of the valleys: I will deliver all this great multitude into thy hand, and you shall know that I am the Lord.)
And both sides set their armies in array one against the other seven days, and on the seventh day the battle was fought: and the children of Israel slew of the Syrians a hundred thousand footmen in one day.
And they that remained fled to Aphec, into the city: and the wall fell upon seven and twenty thousand men, that were left. And Benadad fleeing went into the city, into a chamber that was within a chamber.
And his servants said to him: Behold, we have heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful: so let us put sackcloth on our loins, and ropes on our heads, and go out to the king of Israel: perhaps he will save our lives.
So they girded sackcloth on their loins, and put ropes on their heads, and came to the king of Israel, and said to him: Thy servant Benadad saith: I beseech thee let me have my life. And he said: If he be yet alive he is my brother.
The men took this for a sign: and in haste caught the word out of his mouth, and said: Thy brother Benadad. And he said to them: Go, and bring him to me. Then Benadad came out to him, and he lifted him up into his chariot.
And he said to him: The cities which my father took from thy father, I will restore: and do thou make thee streets in Damascus, as my father made in Samaria, and having made a league I will depart from thee. So he made a league with him, and let him go.
Then a certain man of the sons of the prophets said to his companion in the word of the Lord: Strike me. But he would not strike.
Then he said to him: Because thou wouldst not hearken to the word of the Lord, behold then shalt depart from me, and a lion shall slay thee. And when he was gone a little from him, a lion found him, and slew him.
Then he found another man, and said to him: Strike me. And he struck him, and wounded him.
So the prophet went, and met the king in the way, and disguised himself by sprinkling dust on his face and his eyes.
And as the king passed by, he cried to the king, and said: Thy servant went out to fight hand to hand: and when a certain man was run away, one brought him to me, and said: Keep this man: and if he shall slip away, thy life shall be for his life, or thou shalt pay a talent of silver.
And whilst I in a hurry turned this way and that, on a sudden he was not to be seen. And the king of Israel said to him: This is thy judgment, which thyself hast decreed.
But he forthwith wiped off the dust from his face, and the king of Israel knew him, that he was one of the prophets.
And he said to him: Thus saith the Lord: Because thou hast let go out of thy hand a mall worthy of death, thy life shall be for his life, and thy people for his people.
And the king of Israel returned to his house, slighting to hear, and raging came into Samaria.
There was at that time a man of mount Ephraim whose name was Michas,
Who said to his mother: The eleven hundred pieces of silver, which thou hadst put aside for thyself, and concerning which thou didst swear in my hearing, behold I have, and they are with me. And she said to him: Blessed be my son by the Lord.
So he restored them to his mother, who said to him: I have consecrated and vowed this silver to the Lord, that my son may receive it at my hand, and make a graven and a molten god, so now I deliver it to thee.
And he restored them to his mother: and she took two hundred pieces of silver and gave them to the silversmith, to make of them a graven and a molten god, which was in the house of Michas.
And he separated also therein a little temple for the god, and made an ephod, and theraphim, that is to say, a priestly garment, and idols: and he filled the hand of one of his sons, and he became his priest.
In those days there was no king in Israel, but every one did that which seemed right to himself.
There was also another young man of Bethlehem Juda, of the kindred thereof: and he was a Levite, and dwelt there.
Now he went out from the city of Bethlehem, and desired to sojourn wheresoever he should find it convenient for him. And when he was come to mount Ephraim, as he was on his journey, and had turned aside a little into the house of Michas,
He was asked by him whence he came. And he answered: I am a Levite of Bethlehem Juda, and I am going to dwell where I can, and where I shall find a place to my advantage.
And Michas said: Stay with me, and be unto me a father and a priest, and I will give thee every year ten pieces of silver, and a double suit of apparel, and thy victuals.
He was content, and abode with the man, and was unto him as one of his sons.
And Michas filled his hand, and had the young man with him, for his priest, saying:
Now I know God will do me good, since I have a priest of the race of the Levites.
And the word of the Lord came to me, saying:
Go, and cry in the ears of Jerusalem, saying: Thus saith the Lord: I have remembered thee, pitying thy soul, pitying thy youth, and the love of thy espousals, when thou followedst me in the desert, in a land that is not sown.
Israel is holy to the Lord, the first fruits of his increase: all they that devour him offend: evils shall come upon them, saith the Lord.
Hear ye the word of the Lord, O house of Jacob, and all ye families of the house of Israel.
Thus saith the Lord: What iniquity have your fathers found in me, that they are gone far from me, and have walked after vanity, and are become vain?
And they have not said: Where is the Lord, that made us come up out of the land of Egypt? that led us through the desert, through a land uninhabited and unpassable, through a land of drought, and the image of death, through a land wherein no man walked, nor any man dwelt?
And I brought you into the land of Carmel, to eat the fruit thereof, and the best things thereof: ad when ye entered in, you defiled my land, and made my inheritance an abomination.
The priests did not say: Where is the Lord? and they that held the law knew me not, and the pastors transgressed against me: and the prophets prophesied in Baal, and followed idols.
Therefore will I yet contend in judgement with you, saith the Lord, and I will plead with your children.
Pass over to the isles of Cethim, and see: and send into Cedar, and consider diligently: and see if there hath been done any thing like this.
If a nation hath changed their gods, and indeed they are not gods,: but my people have changed their glory into an idol.
Be astonished, O ye heavens, at this, and ye gates thereof, be very desolate, saith the Lord.
For my people have done two evils. They have forsaken me, the fountain of living water, and have digged to themselves cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water.
Is Israel a bondman, or a homeborn slave? why then is he become prey?
The lions have roared upon him, and have made a noise, they have made his land a wilderness: his cities are burnt down and there is none to dwell in them.
The children also of Memphis, and of Taphnes have deflowered thee, even to the crown of the head.
Hath not this been done to thee, because thou hast forsaken the Lord thy God at that time, when he led thee by the way?
And now what hast thou to do in the way of Egypt, to drink the troubled water? And what hast thou to do with the way of the Assyrians, to drink the water of the river?
Thy own wickedness shall reprove thee, and thy apostasy shall rebuke thee. Know thou, and see that it is an evil and a bitter thing for thee, to have left the Lord thy God, and that my fear is not with thee, saith the Lord the God of hosts.
Of old time thou hast broken my yoke, thou hast burst my bands, and thou saidst: I will not serve. For on every high hill, and under every green tree thou didst prostitute thyself.
Yet I planted thee a chosen vineyard, all true seed: how then art thou turned unto me into that which is good for nothing, O strange vineyard?
Though thou wash thyself with nitre, and multiply to thyself the herb borith, thou art stained in thy iniquity before me, saith the Lord God.
How canst thou say: I am not polluted, and I have not walked after Baalim? see thy ways in the valley, know what thou hast done: as a swift runner pursuing his course.
A wild ass accustomed to the wilderness in the desire of his heart, snuffed up the wind of his love: none shall turn her away: all that seek her shall not fail: in her monthly filth they shall find her.
Keep thy foot from being bare, and thy throat from thirst. But thou saidst: I have lost all hope, I will not do it: for I have loved strangers, and I will walk after them.
As the thief is confounded when he is taken, so is the house of Israel confounded, they and their kings, their princes and their priests, and their prophets.
Saying to a stock: Thou art my father: and to a stone: thou hast begotten me: they have turned their back to me, and not their face: and in the time of their affliction they will say: Arise, and deliver us.
Where are the gods, whom thou hast made thee? let them arise and deliver thee in the time of thy affliction: for according to the number of thy cities were thy gods, O Juda.
Why will you contend with me in judgement? you have all forsaken me, saith the Lord.
In vain have I struck your children, they have not received correction: your sword hath devoured your prophets, your generation is like a ravaging lion.
See ye the word of the Lord: Am I become a wilderness to Israel, or a lateward springing land? why then have my people said: We are revolted, we will come to thee no more.
Will a virgin forget her ornament, or a bride her stomacher? but my people hath forgotten me days without number.
Why dost thou endeavor to shew thy way good to seek my love, thou who has also taught thy malices to be thy ways,
And in thy skirts is found the blood of the souls of the poor and innocent? not in ditches have I found them, but in all places, which I mentioned before.
And thou hast said: I am without sin and am innocent: and therefore let thy anger be turned away from me. Behold, I will contend with thee in judgement, because thou hast said: I have not sinned.
How exceeding base art thou become, going the same ways over again! and thou shalt be ashamed of Egypt, as thou wast ashamed of Assyria.
For from thence thou shalt go, and thy hand shall be upon thy head: for the Lord hath destroyed thy trust, and thou shalt have nothing prosperous therein.
And Nadab and Abiu, the sons of Aaron, taking their censers, put fire therein, and incense on it, offering before the Lord strange fire: which was not commanded them.
And fire coming out from the Lord destroyed them, and they died before the Lord.
And Moses said to Aaron: This is what the Lord hath spoken: I will be sanctified in them that approach to me, and I will be glorified in the sight of all the people. And when Aaron heard this, he held his peace.
And Moses called Misael and Elisaphan, the sons of Oziel, the uncle of Aaron, and said to them: Go and take away your brethren from before the sanctuary, and carry them without the camp.
And they went forthwith and took them as they lay, vested with linen tunicks, and cast them forth, as had been commanded them.
And Moses said to Aaron, and to Eleazar and Ithamar, his sons: Uncover not your heads, and rend not your garments, lest perhaps you die, and indignation come upon all the congregation. Let your brethren, and all the house of Israel, bewail the burning which the Lord has kindled:
But you shall not go out of the door of the tabernacle, otherwise you shall perish, for the oil of the holy unction is on you. And they did all things according to the precept of Moses.
The Lord also said to Aaron:
You shall not drink wine nor any thing that may make drunk, thou nor thy sons, when you enter into the tabernacle of the testimony, lest you die: because it is an everlasting precept through your generations :
And that you may have knowledge to discern between holy and unholy, between unclean and clean:
And may teach the children of Israel all my ordinances which the Lord hath spoken to them by the hand of Moses.
And Moses spoke to Aaron, and to Eleazar and Ithamar, his sons that were left: Take the sacrifice that is remaining of the oblation of the Lord, and eat it without leaven beside the altar, because it is holy of holies.
And you shall eat it in a holy place: which is given to thee and thy sons of the oblations of the Lord, as it hath been commanded me.
The breast also that is offered, and the shoulder that is separated, you shall eat in a most clean place, thou and thy sons, and thy daughters with thee. For they are set aside for thee and thy children, of the victims of peace offerings of the children of Israel:
Because they have elevated before the Lord the shoulder and the breast, and the fat that is burnt on the altar, and they belong to thee and to thy sons by a perpetual law, as the Lord hath commanded.
While these things were a doing, when Moses sought for the buck goat, that had been offered for sin, he found it burnt: and being angry with Eleazar and Ithamar, the sons of Aaron that were left, he said:
Why did you not eat in the holy place the sacrifice for sin, which is most holy, and given to you, that you may bear the iniquity of the people, and may pray for them in the sight of the Lord,
Especially whereas none of the blood thereof hath been carried within the holy places, and you ought to have eaten it in the sanctuary, as was commanded me?
Aaron answered: This day hath been offered the victim for sin, and the holocaust before the Lord: and to me what thou seest has happened: how could I eat it, or please the Lord in the ceremonies, having a sorrowful heart?
Which when Moses had heard he was satisfied.
Now Jericho was close shut up and fenced, for fear of the children of Israel, and no man durst go out or come in.
And the Lord said to Josue: Behold I have given into thy hands Jericho, and the king thereof, and all the valiant men.
Go round about the city, all ye fighting men, once a day: so shall ye do for six days.
And on the seventh day the priests shall take the seven trumpets, which are used in the jubilee, and shall go before the ark of the covenant: and you shall go about the city seven times, and the priests shall sound the trumpets.
And when the voice of the trumpet shall give a longer and broken tune, and shall sound in your ears, all the people shall shout together with a very great shout, and the walls of the city shall fall to the ground, and they shall enter in every one at the place against which they shall stand.
Then Josue the son of Nun called the priests, and said to them: Take the ark of the covenant: and let seven other priests take the seven trumpets of the jubilee, and march before the ark of the Lord.
And he said to the people: Go, and compass the city, armed, marching before the ark of the Lord.
And when Josue had ended his words, and the seven priests blew the seven trumpets before the ark of the covenant of the Lord,
And all the armed men went before, the rest of the common people followed the ark, and the sound of the trumpets was heard on all sides.
But Josue had commanded the people, saying: You shall not shout, nor shall your voice be heard, nor any word go out of your mouth: until the day come wherein I shall say to you: Cry, and shout.
So the ark of the Lord went about the city once a day, and returning into the camp, abode there.
And Josue rising before day, the priests took the ark of the Lord,
