9.3 Deyata Kirula National Development Exhibition
Laying stones around the Chinese Jetty
Strengthening the capacity of policy implementers and other stakeholders related to environmental and natural resources
From 06.01.2012 to 14.02.2012 Revoked and Re-appointed on 14.03.2012
Number of arbitrary judgments referred to the Court during the year 423
Further, the members continued work on preparing a post-Bali Work Program on the Doha Development Round, negotiations which had stalled in 2009.
Changing of the boundaries will be done at Divisional Secretary’s Divisions level.
The maximum water reserve recorded on July 27, 2013, was 1190.5 Gigawatt hours.
This has been also accurately stated in the final account.
Number of Divisional Secretariats: 05
The Company manages its capital for safeguarding its ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide maximum returns for shareholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.
Profit Before Tax & Market Value Adjustment
It is a major obstacle in achieving the economic and social development goals of Sri Lanka.
Accordingly, the initial meeting was held on 2014.04.21 under the patronage of Hon. Minister.
Working in accordance with the 2015 Action Plan, spending 53.8% by the second quarter, 74.6% by the third quarter and 99.7% by the fourth quarter, a 100% of financial progress has been achieved in the year.
Assure timely communications between levels of administration
i. Translation activities of 100% of Sinhala, 75% of English, 75% of Tamil of Departmental Survey Regulation have been completed.
The Communication System Unit carried out the following special functions during the year;
Some contract and casual cadre were previously paid by the collected revenue of the local authorities.
The provision for bad debts for Employee Loans has been made only for the outstanding amounts with respect to employees who are no longer in service (either retired or resigned) with Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation.
However, if any item on which South Asian Preferential Trading Arrangement concessions are available to Least Developed Countries, appear in the sensitive lists of non-Least Developed Countries, they shall maintain the same level of concession through derogation.
2007 130 'න - නෟ'
Further assistance during this year was provided to Sri Lanka Railways in recovering the following sub units for the in-service coaches.
Second Regional Workshop on the Implementation of IAEA General Safety Requirements Part 3: Radiation Protection and Safety of Radiation Sources: International Basic Safety Standards
To make the outlook of Department of Police more humanitarian and wholesome
Other constructions are planned to be completed by the end of the year.
Further, it is observed that the ratio of supporting staff is in an increasing trend compared with the staff grade positions in the entire cadre.
Took action to provide a wide range of local and foreign training opportunities in order to enhance the skills and efficiency of the staff of the Department.
Acknowledgement and Thanks to the Staff
Table 01: The animal collection of the Dehiwala Zoo
In order to achieve this,  the Ministry will take measures in the future to carry out Social Integration Week by introducing new initiatives with a wider people’s participation
Progress of the Development Activities under the District Secretariat 2015
Following is the Committee's view on how to reduce tariffs under the South Asian Preferential Trade Agreement on existing items under the Trade Liberalization Program.
Deferred tax is recognised using liability method for temporary difference between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities and tax base of assets and liabilities.
Discussions were held over the issues and future activities of the  Language Associations.
Sectoral Distribution ADB Investments (USD Million)
Ceylon Shipping Lines (Private) Limited - Singapore
In addition, the number of practical trainings provided by the District Secretariats and Divisional Secretariats during the year 2015 for students pursuing courses in Technical Colleges and Vocational Training Institutions is as follows.
As a remedy to a main problem encountered by the Ranaviru community at the regional level in giving priority, at the request of the Ranaviru community and under the guidance of the Ministry of Defence, identity cards are issued to close relatives of ranaviru families to establish they are members of Ranaviru families.
(b) Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited has complied with the Inland Revenue Act by paying the due amounts to the Inland Revenue department in a timely manner.
Consequently, the officers are allowed to attend the training programmes conducted by other institutions and one training programme was conducted for the whole staff members of the Institute.
The National Secretariat for Elders is mainly funded by the General Treasury and treated as non-trading organization.
This project is implemented for constructing 3 housing schemes with a view to providing welfare facilities also to police personnel that are being extended to three armed forces following a budget proposal 2014.
ARS Lakvijaya - CEB (Retention)
Project of booking the circuit bungalows through Internet has been completed.
Out of which 83 posts have been filled and 93 posts are vacant as on 31st December 2013.
2.4 Water Shed Management & Catchment Protection program
The operational program is implemented under the Expenditure Summary 261 so that the responsibilities and affairs of the District Secretariat can be fulfilled.
Further, the Secretary to the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy and the Chairman of the Marine Environmental Protection Authority have decided to submit to the Cabinet, through the Minister, a report within one month on the matters highlighted in the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning.
This solar powered advertising hoarding was designed and developed in 2012 and was modified to suit the Sri Lanka Institute of Information Technology (SLIIT) and been successfully commercialised.
1.3 General Administration of the Department of Co-operative Development
Updating Mission 3 of Haritha Lanka Programme (HLP)
Ensuring the safety of wild animal species living outside the wildlife reservation areas
3.3.2. Analysis of Total Visitors to the Botanical Gardens
The District Statistical Handbook was prepared in the year 2014 as well.
Two technical training programs were conducted for 45 entrepreneurs in the light engineering sector in the Northern Province.
Build innovative models of regional services
3.4) With aim of uplifting the living condition of farmers through increasing their income, Irrigation Management Division implemented the “Horticulture Instigation Program” with selected farmers in 07 Farmers’ Organizations in Kirindi Oya Major Irrigation Area.
The office of the National Secretariat for Elders implemented diverse programmes and projects throughout Sri Lanka for the welfare of the elderly population in the country in the year 2012 and as a result, successful physical and financial progress has been able to achieve as planned in 2012.
All the plans of Western Province prepared by the Survey Department can be searched through the 'Survey Plan Searcher' in the Departmental website.
The minimum rentals receivable under cancellable operating lease as at 31st Dec 2013 are as follows.
Sinhala and Tamil medium short stories had been translated.
Claims and objections were accepted during this period of exhibition.
Please note that a large number of records opened by the Civil Division are dealt through the State Counsel Division.
As per such approval, the process of recruitment and attachment of the members of staff numbering 60 has been completed in liaison with the respective Ministries and Departments.
After opening up of 40 percent other crops fertilizer subsidy scheme to state sector in 2014, Colombo Commercial Fertilizer Corporation was able to increase revenue by 15.5 percent from Rs. 1,372 million in 2013/14 to Rs. 1,625 million in 2014.
This unit produces programs catering to Muslim viewers
Survey of lands for implementation of recommendations of Lessons Learned and Reconciliation Commissions - Vavuniya, Mannar, Trincomalee, Amparai, Jaffna, Kilinochchi, Batticaloa, Mullaittivu (Boundary Stone Laying and Acquisition Surveys)
2. Machinery and Equipment - Rs. 2,441,309/-
GT 7 (Fiat Gas Turbine) with a capacity of producing 115 MW electricity installed at Kelanitissa Power Station was commissioned in 1997.
New Design Training Program - Jewellery
Eradicate poverty in all its forms
Centre for Technical Excellence in Ceramics (CENTEC)
Profit / loss on disposal
These prototypes are being introduced to the market  through the craftsmen, who visit the National Design Centre to obtain services through craft exhibition and trade fairs and craft training programs conducted by the Provincial Councils, Export Development Board, National Craft Council Sri Lanka Handicraft Board and other state and non-governmental organizations.
Under the Old Plan Preservation Programme, scanning and storing them in the digital format commenced in the year 2004.
to comomorate 12th Anniversary of Dharmasiri Senanayake
For this purpose the ancestral home of Honorable F.R. Senanayake, leader of Sri Lanka’s struggle for Independence, is expected to be used and renovation work thereof is now being carried out.
Establishment of 02 large scale cold rooms
Identifying the Important Factors to be followed in Blending pozzolonic material with Cement
During the period from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015, 1,036 students were admitted to Law College including those who have passed the Law Entrance Examination and local and foreign L.L.B. graduates.
The Prison School at Watareka was launched in view of providing a systematic education for the prisoners and it is maintained in collaboration with the Ministry of Education.
Provide analysis reports on foreign loans to relevant sectors
Puwakpitiya Samadhi Home, which is maintained under the purview of the Department of Social Services, provides the services of rehabilitation and socialization of drug-addicted persons.
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the Year ended 31 December 2013
Most of the provinces depend heavily on limited public funds provided by the General Treasury, based on the recommendations of the Finance Commission.
Creating employment opportunities for visually impaired persons and providing financial assistance and guidance for self-employment when necessary
A lecture was also delivered by the Mannar City Health Officer as the resource person.
Consent has been given to grant aids 200 projects at the planning stage.
Approved and signed on 28th February 2014 for and on behalf of the Board.
The President shall appoint the Chairman and the members of nine independent Commissions (including the Finance Commission) based on the recommendations of the Constitutional Council.
Following actions are very important in increasing the provincial income base.
Carpenter (2), Mason (3), Plumber (3), Welder (3), Painter (2)
Additional 33 kV distribution feeders were constructed at existing grid substations at Badulla, Balangoda, Nuwara Eliya, Rathnapura, Ukuwela, and Wimalasurendra power plants.
It is also used in the preparation of consumer price indices.
This Act makes provision for providing assistance and protection to victims and witnesses.
The Unit organized a clinic to distribute spectacles among the staff free of charge.
This had been 474.1 mm.
At present, 89 eligible elders are receiving monthly allowances of Rs. 500/- each through this
Workshop on Establishment Code and Financial Regulation for the Departmental Officers
Conducted a training programme for thirty women leaders from Monaragala & Killinochchi districts on “Empowering Women Leaders for Social integration”
Amending the Salary Circular according to the current needs
To conduct such research as may be necessary in respect of matters relating to surveying
Subsequent to the Board decision, the subsidiary had ceased its operations since May 2006.
Later, the Bill has been directed to the Ministry of Public Administration & Home Affairs.
The contribution of Correspondents was also a great influence for the production of news and more scope was provided for Correspondence at the 10.00 p.m. news and the hourly news.
Advising the Government and the State Institutions in respect of civil, criminal, constitutional, commercial matters, international legal matters including international laws and matters relating to the United Nations Human Right Commission
After agreeing with the General Treasury on the bulk amount to be allocated from the annual budget, apportion between provinces are made.
The foreign embassies based in Sri Lanka make direct contact with this Unit.
There is a high potential in the provinces to improve their revenue from the devolved sources, within the legal framework.
Some of the asset management activities undertaken by the Division are mentioned below.
(c) Provision of space required for the conduct of many horse races.
A permit should be obtained from the Department for the establishment of private rubber plant nurseries and commercial rubber plant nurseries.
1. Two-day Workshop on salary Conversions
Monitoring & reporting of host-country trade policy changes, especially tariff and non-tariff measures
The risk related to employee health and safety in the workplace receives the foremost attention as the Company believes the safety of human capital as vital for business continuity; safety precautions have been taken with regard to all the machinery and equipment with a potential for injury, with trained personnel serving at each location.
01. Treasury Grant Funded Groundwater Studies
However, it has to be noted that with many obstacles it was possible to complete the constructions of the first floor by the end of the year 2015.
Property, plant and equipment once classified as held for sale/distribution to owners are not depreciated or amortized.
Ensure that there is sufficient capacity from generation plants to meet reasonable forecast demand for electricity
Training on disciplinary matters (Divisional Secretariat -Four Gravets, Akmeemana)
Maximum Debit Balance (Rs. Cents)
Investigations on influencing the officers of the Corporation
After consultation with the Finance Commission, the General Treasury agrees upon the bulk amount to be allocated for the provinces.
The Uthuru Janani Diesel Power Plant at Chunnakam was completed and ceremonially opened on 12 February 2013.
However, it was decided to accept other identity documents also for the election purpose until the necessary facilities were provided to the public to obtain the National Identity Cards without any hindrance and the issuing of National Identity Cards to the every voter is completed.
The Directors have the pleasure of submitting their Annual Report for the year ended 31st December 2013 together with the Audited Statements of Accounts and Balance Sheet as at that date.
Details of the Payments Made Under the Line Ministry & Other Departments
Asian Grand Prix - Bangkok
Following Numeric Table vouches for the fact that the total number of vehicular accidents is on the decline as a result of the programmes and projects implemented for this purpose even amidst an emerging situation where a rapid growth in the total number of vehicles throughout the country is evident.
The Joint Working Group on Trade (JWG) was formed during the second Sri Lanka-Bangladesh Foreign Office Consultations (FOC) held in Colombo on 22 April 2013.
In the latter part of 2005, a new Ministry comprising the Department of National Botanic Gardens and the Department of National Zoology was established for the promotion of botanical gardens and zoos for conservation, breeding and display of plants and animals.
Acquisition of field machinery for appropriate mechanization of field activities
Farming community of Sri Lanka is mostly concentrated in rural areas and their contribution to the agriculture is very high.
10.2.1. Mr. J.A.S.P. Jayasinghe and Mr. P.R.N.H. Ratnayake, Assistant Commissioners of Elections of the Elections Secretariat participated in the programme of Training of Trainers on Election Management held in Nepal from 18.01.2015 to 28.01.2015.
Developing an Improved Buffer-Stock System
A National Steering Committee on Justice was established and launched in July 2014 with the participation of all the major partners.
The income received from projects and other earnings are liable to VAT payments except income generated from courses.
a) Advise the Board on whether the Annual Reports have been prepared in accordance with Ceylon Accounting Standards and other relevant legal requirements.
In order to ensure good governance and financial discipline of State Owned Enterprises (SOEs), Department of Public Enterprises (PED) continued to develop and issue circulars/guidelines relating to operational and financial management of public enterprises.
The project is funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB) under the 2518 - SRI - Clean Energy and Access Improvement Project Loan.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements.
This amount was 11.09% of the total generation.
Within the context of Constitutional Mandate, the Finance Commission assists the provinces in their planning and implementation by way of engaging mainly in the following activities;
Payments made for the purchase of souvenirs and handicrafts
Currently, there are around 250 State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) in Sri Lanka.
The Wildlife Trust is administrated by a 10 member Board of Trustees.
Divisional Secretariats,12 Police stations,16 Hospitals, 01 Municipal Council,01 Post office,03 other places are such language audits conducted within this year.
Functioned under Resources Department in 1887
Accounting Policies for the year 2012
According to the criteria set out in SLFRS 05, the assets classified for sale should be calculated at a reasonable value less than the holding value or less costly and should be submitted separately in the Financial Statement.
Given below is a summary of activities undertaken by Commercial Officers from January 2010 to December 2014.
156 employees were promoted to higher grades or placed on their respective higher salary scales (in conformity with the recruitment and promotion procedure of the Board).
The Finance Commission has already issued guidelines to the provinces in line with the above national strategies enabling them to prepare Annual Development Plans of provincial agencies.
For the Passion Play held at the Church of St. Mary in Kanda Thoduwawa, Madurankuliya
Development Officers and Management Assistants
India and Pakistan should complete the Trade Liberalization Program (TLP) for Least Developed Countries (LDCs) members by 31.12.2008 and for Non-Least Developed Countries (Non-LDC) members by 31.12.2013.
Attention was also paid to the collection of data on increasing forest cover and the extent of land used for tree planting.
At present the Wildlife Trust successfully maintains 07 information communication and sale points.
Providing electricity connections to customers under the program of supplying electricity to 100% subscribers
In 2013 the institute will be able to introduce Tissue Cultured banana to encourage them to actively contribute for national development.
Research Officer, Natural Resources Management Centre, Post Box 52, Sarasavi Mawatha, Peradeniya
This component supports to implement urgent climate risk mitigation investments identified and prioritized to:
Accordingly, the department received 15 audit queries by 31st of December 2014.
The problems of migrant workers are categorized as: Non-payment of wages, sexual harassment, death of migrant workers overseas, and repatriation to Sri Lanka.
b. Fair value or Revaluation as Deemed Cost Property, plant and equipment were carried at revalued amount in the statement of financial position prepared in accordance with SLAS prior to 31 March 2012.
They have also expressed their views in this regard and it is published on page 45 under the report of the Independent Auditor General.
8. Carrying out co-ordination activities to register land deeds, births, deaths and marriages.
4. Respect and Dignity of war heroes
In compliance with SLFRSs the Company has re-measured its retirement obligation using final monthly salary and required reasonable assumptions.
31 Public Health Inspectors’ Co-operative Thrift & Credit Society Ltd. 02
Recommendation to the Secretary to the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy to consider the above Memorandum with the observations of the Minister of Finance and Planning and the Minister of Public Administration and Home Affairs
Conducting 426 programs for school children, 75 programs for students of international schools, and 34 programs for Dhamma School children for the prevention from the impact of mid-childhood psychoactive substances
Sub-sections (3) and (4) of the Section 13 of the Finance Act, No. 38 of 1971 give discretionary powers to the Auditor General to determine the scope and extent of the audit.
Moreover, appointing Procurement Committees and Technical Committees annually is done by the Ministry of Sports.
40 Mr. C. A. D. M. Senewirathne P. M. S. I
Review of Sri Lanka’s Foreign Trade 2014
Number of affected families by lightening strikes
Training for Sri Lanka Police Institution wise
Traffic Light Signal Systems (Internal) - (Electronic Section)
Number of cases decided from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.20152015
(d) Assessing the independence and performance of the Company’s external auditors
Monthly allowances for senior citizens over 70 years of age are paid by the National Secretariat for Elders of the Ministry of Social Services.
In order to serve the huge volume of advertising queries in a more efficient and effective manner, a customized and exclusive helpline (1949) with dedicated customer care support was launched in July 2013.
The objective of the project is to provide 100% of the electricity to the Ratnapura District.
The number of trusts established in the department as at 31.12.2013 is 1019 and the number of estates managed by the department is 130.
The further details relating to the legal cases had not been furnished to audit.
Put / Nawa / Kalawewa Vijaya Maha Vidyalaya
Prof. H Abayagunawardena, Member Board of Governors
Detail survey, acquisition survey of Northern Highway Project
The registration of Rural Elders’ Committees, Regional Elders’ Board and District Elders’ Board, the providence of financial assistance to Day Care Centres of Elders, implementation of Psychological Counselling Programmes to improve mental and spiritual development, and the training of programme hosts were some of the major measures among them.
In this case, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income.
They operate on heavy fuel of 1500 Sec. viscosity obtained from CPC.
The income earned by the government during the year is Rs. 11,824,500.00.
That branch is also headed by a Deputy General Manager.
Transactions with the Government of Sri Lanka and its related entities.
One project has been completed and the other is expected to be completed in 2015.
The program for developing villages, the "Dorin Dorata–Gamin Gamata" (door to door, village to village) special project, Divi Neguma investment development program and the program for developing Rural Community Health Centres were implemented in year 2015 with the intention of decreasing poverty and upgrading the development of the public within the District where as many on-going development projects had also been executed in 2014.
Introduction and implementation of national dialogue programmes to establish solidarity and co-existence between communities.
Hearings of Appeals and Complaints
23. Under 15 School Boys and Girls Basketball Tournament
63. Improving environmental conditions and expanding the laboratory facilities of the Central Environmental Authority
4. Renovation of Magistrate’s Court in Colombo fort
The private nurseries to which permits were issued are subjected to regular supervision of the Rubber Research Institute and the required instructions are given to maintain the plant nurseries as recommended.
The Audit Committee should meet at least once in three months and all the Committee Members are expected to attend each meeting.
Other Sports matches / Training - 229
Programme to promote friendship of Colombo District community  members held on 22.04.2011
Mr.Thusha Weerasooriya, Member Board of Governors
Incorporation of disease-resistant characters through Wide Hybridization of chilli program was initiated.
The primary focus was on leading exporters to expand their market share in the international market by introducing new export markets and creating a more conducive environment for existing markets.
With the objective of enhancing the test & measurement services offered by the division, the RCCB testing facility was established.
These financial assets are recognized initially at the transaction price.
As a measurement of the development, Sri Lanka has shown a higher level of achievement with regard to MDGs.
The directors are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to safeguard the assets of the company and in this regard to give proper consideration to the establishment of appropriate internal control systems with a view to preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities.
The National Languages Committee has granted provisions amounting to Rs 140,000 for the project proposal presented by the Operations Committee, Kahatagasdigiliya.
1.2 Structure of the Department of Co-operative Development
Providing vocational training for the disabled male and female youth, making them associate with the people and providing with them proper care
Improvements in the Power Electronics Laboratory of the Electronics and Micro Electronics Sector
Both sides reiterated the importance of the FTA as a structure for strengthening economic relations between the two countries.
04 Conducting training program for the Staff of the Commission
However at the discussions held following the renovation of the Maligawatta H.C., the Colombo Municipal Council had agreed to accept the maintenance work from the year 2013.
Rs. 21M was invested in the acquisition of a perfect binder machine & 2 feeder units for Osaka Saddle Stitching Machine during the year in order to strengthen the commercial printing division which is expected to play a leading role in the future.
This shows a significant improvement in its volumes as against the previous year.
In terms of Article 31(3) (A) of the Constitution, two years before the end of his term of office, His Excellency the President, Mahinda Rajapaksa, who was elected at the Presidential Election held on 26th January 2010, under the Section 56(2) of the Presidential Elections Act No. 15 of 1981, expressed his intention of seeking a mandate to hold the office for a further term on 20.11.2014.
The Department implemented various programs with the objective of developing these activities.
Compilation of a fact sheet (adding Psychosocial and economic information)
07. Construction of Record Room and Production Room at Hingurakgoda District/ Magistrate's Court
15. Cash, bank balance & deposits as call
Staff and employment during the year 2014 08-09
Translating assistance provided by the Commission
Number of Identity Cards issued to the Public through Grama Niladharis
Awareness programme on the role of Co-operative Development Officers
Disposal of Property, Plant & Equipment
2. Basis of preparation and adoption of Sri Lanka Financial Reporting Standards (‘SLFRS’)
Countries to which the Company Exports Graphite
The Tamil Program Unit caters to Tamil speaking viewers of the country, focusing on Tamil Language programs.
In parallel to this programme, during the Ranaviru remembrance week declared by the president (May 11 to 18th), arrangements were made to hold various programmes throughout the island.Ranaviru remembrance functions were held under the patronage of Provincial Governors.
Training Course and National Seminar on Digital Radiography
The Board of Directors approval has already been obtained for the year 2013 and year 2014.
Statement of financial position as at 31st March 2014
It helps to meet the power requirement of the country transmitting the power generated in the proposed coal power plant at Sampur, Trincomalee to the national grid.
Informing the provinces on annual grants allocated by the Government,
Displaying of notices in public notice boards and electronic name boards of express way, in trilingual
Rs. 1.98 million has been spent on the said programmes.
Community Based Rehabilitation Program (CBR)
As the electricity was disconnected at the time of issuing the cheque, the owner has paid the money and presented the receipt.
Progress of Development Activities of District Secretariat
Animal exchange program and animal breeding
It can be used for a period of 10-15 years.
It is also expected to build an open prison at Giribava and to take steps to improve the existing open prison at Hangilipola.
Sri Lanka’s main exports to Pakistan include Pepper, Vegetable products; Beedi leaves, Betel leaves, Coconut shell pieces, Natural rubber, Coconuts, cashew nuts, fresh or dried.
Progress up to December, 2015 - Kelani river Basin groundwater study
Preparing the entrance gate - Thelambuyaya
Act in accordance with proper environmental safety measures.
Our strategies have been instrumental in achieving this success in 2012 and have strengthened the economy of small and medium scale entrepreneurs across the island who supply goods to our Company.
Provisions allocated for 2014-Rs. 2.0 million
Out of the total commitments made during the last five year period, the highest commitment was recorded in 2014.
The Engineering Audit Section in the Corporate and Regulatory Relations Branch monitors the operating system voltage fluctuations, frequency variations, and harmonics at grid substations/ wind power plants.
Provision of infrastructure facilities for development of sports
It is expected to fix target for all Irrigation Schemes in 2016 as per National food requirements.
2006 160 'ති - තෝ'
Applications of community members were referred via community and all applicants who applied  were awarded with scholarships.
The unit conducts Technical Audits and engages in other forms of Proficiency Testing within the ITI.
9.4.1. Mr. T. A. C. N. Talangama, Class I of Sri Lanka Administrative Service who was serving in the Kurunegala District Elections Office was appointed to the post of Deputy Commissioner of Elections of Kandy District Elections Office with effect from 23.03.2015.
Equivalent survey months for other surveys
Program conducted for Northern Province Sports Officers and Coaches
Accordingly, the first and foremost among our objectives is to take action to minimize various exposures in work environment through the identification of risks in work environment and taking relevant measurements for them towards creating a healthy labour force through by the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health.
(b) Arrangements are being made to settle these.
The revised estimate is to be received on the recommendation of the Dam Protection and Water Resources Planning Project.
(i) Kilinochchi - Chunnakam Transmission Project
The Ministry of Public Administration has been informed to reimburse.
The scope of this project involved the replacement of the Generator, Turbine, and all other associated equipment of Old Laxapana Stage-1 and to improve reliability, efficiency of 3 x 8.33 MW Plant.
Lanka Coal Company (Pvt) Ltd
Advises the public regarding the functions of the Act.
It consists of 11 sub-sections of which the Food Science Division consists of four laboratories, namely, food, alcohol, milk, and water and the Forensic Science Section consists of seven major divisions, namely Forensic Science, Explosives, Fire Analytics, Narcotics Division, Architecture, Forensic Toxicology, Suspicious Documents Division, and Miscellaneous Division.
Progress of Wildlife Conservation Fund in 2014
19 research papers were presented during the 5 technical sessions that were held here.
Further, translation workshops of 5 days duration per month were held monthly from June to December 2014.
2012 Spectroscopic study of the comet S1 (ISON)
Supplementary Support Services and Contingent Liabilities
As per the age analysis of the trade debtor balances at the end of the year, debtor values which are more than 04 years old are analyzed and provisions have been made in the accounts as bad and doubtful debts for the said values.
Additional Secretary – Legal (Promotion)
Restatement of Fully Depreciated Assets Repayment of Grants Received
Renovation, construction, and development of all infrastructure facilities of STF camps, training centers, officers' offices and barracks spread across the country is being carried out annually.
Issues of Language Associations of the relevant areas were discussed.
(i) The provision for doubtful debts as at 31 December 2012 amounted to Rs. 126,345,830 or 19 per cent of the client debtors amounting to Rs. 653,646,346.
It had been able to recover a sum of Rs. 76,693.05 from the stock arrears surcharge due under that account.
2.4.1. Water Shed Management & Catchment Protection program
Construction of 84 semi-permanent houses
Cane based Co-operative Society, Radawadunna
Data System of Infrastructure on Spatial Information has been established and uploaded to the internet and the web address of it is www.sdi.survey.gov.lk.
The proposed ITMIS is to be interconnected with all these institutions in seamless data transferring once the ITMIS goes online.
16 Workshop for Public Management Assistants Public Management Assistants
Out of this amount, Rs. 41.30 billion was for recurrent expenditure and Rs. 48.89 billion was for capital expenditure.
12.2. During the year 2015 Internal Audit Division of the Department of Elections took action to carry out 23 Audit queries in the Elections Secretariat and District Elections Offices, to obtain observations from the relevant divisions and to provide necessary instructions as required.
Establishment of two power supply systems and renovation of a tube well.
Preparation and coordination of foreign aid query for the year 2014, performance report, departmental statement related to the budget and other publications
Establishment of a small safari park, which is a new amusement feature.
A training programme for all the staff was held on 29.12.2014.
Soil conservation bunds are the most practicable way of upland soil conservation in the dry zone.
During the year, information from the selected householders has been collected by the Statistical Officers of this division for the following Sample surveys.
It has been printed as 516 in the progress report due to a printing mistake.
Providing a proper knowledge and training on value addition processes, in order to remain competitive among local and international tea producers
A total of 3571 candidates sat for the examination and 214 were selected for admission for the academic year.
All revenue for the year 2014 has been deposited under Government Revenue.
Provide guidance on the preparation and implementation of activities on climate change mitigation
Conducting awareness programs for Magistrates, Lawyers, and Public Officers on the Community Correction Act
In addition, the Task Force has given special focus to conducting capacity building training programs for the Sri Lanka Police Department.
08. Construction of Office, archive and record room at Polgahawala Magistrate's Court
Review of the unaudited monthly financial reports.
Special attention is drawn to audit those Government institutions of which the Divisional Secretariat Division’s language minority is close to 20%.
Submitted observations on 02 Cabinet Memoranda presented by the other Ministries relating to the subject of wildlife conservation.
Evaluate, guide and supervise the activities in the Annual Action Plan on a monthly, quarterly, and annual basis.
15. POWER OF ATTORNEY (AMENDMENT) BILL
(M) i, ii, iii, iv
2005 205 'ඤා - ති'
National Cooperative Development Institute - Polgolla
3. Youth Netball Tournament - National Netball Association
4.1.1.4 Recovery of Microprocessor / Digital Signal Processor based electronic control subsystems of the Class M9 Locomotives Alstom (France) AD32C trains
As a result, a conference was held entitled "General Conference on National Unity".
Sinhala and Tamil Training Programmes are divided into three categories as level I, II and Level III. Level I, II and III are consisted with 300, 216 and 108 hours in respectively.
Ms. R.D. Jeevani Harishchandra, Entomologist, Anti Malaria Campaign
Education & Training Center, Peradeniya
(d) There is drastic competition among the newspaper publishers.
The cost of an item of plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable cost of bringing the assets to working conditions for its intended.
However, at the end of approximately 05 years, the vehicle becomes an asset of the concerned Government Agency.
The North Central Province won first place in the S5 competition held in 2013.
Rice bran, rich in antioxidants is not fully utilized in Sri Lanka.
(f) Collection of Air Time Income
Mr. S. W. Abeysekara - Director (Rice Research & Development Institute)
However, the activities planned to be implemented during the year under review such as obtaining all government printing and advertising works, preparation of succession plan for key positions, opening of new branches for revenue generation, reduction of transport costs, introducing of new inventory module and eliminating of sales returns had not been executed according to the Action Plan.
The project was launched with the aim of locating various divisions of the Police Headquarters that were scattered, in one place.
Scenic view of the Upper Kothmale dam and its water releases
4. Labeling of Plants in order to educate visitors.
Participated as resource persons at the night sky observation camp organized at the National Institute of Education, Maharagama where about 300 school children participated.
A special reservation of 100% has been made as the amount of Rs. 60,000/= invested in the Press Trust of Ceylon Limited cannot be withdrawn
Provide more facilities and incentives to all schools without discrimination
The powers and functions of the Ministry of the National Languages and Social Integration
Strengthening governance in Public Enterprises through best practices to optimize performance and to safeguard the public interest
These recruitments helped very much in the smooth functioning of the Authority.
Government grants relating to property, plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities as deferred government grants and are recognized in the statement of comprehensive income on a straight- line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.
Preparation of National Plan for minimizing Human - Elephant Conflict is completed.
Handicraft Technology (Cane and coir)
Preparation of the Annual Action Plan
9.4.4. Mr. Suranga Ambagahatenne of Class III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service, who was serving at the Moneragala District Elections Office, was appointed to the post of Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Badulla District Elections Office with effect from 07.05.2015.
The Function of Grama Niladharies and Building Grama Niladhari Offices with Productivity (Divisional Secretariat - Elpitiya)
Tamil Media Scholarship Seminar for Grade 5 Students
Case Management, Civil Law Reforms & Family Law Reforms
Two solar powered water pumps and water supply through 13600 feet long pipe line has been completed in Yala National Park.
Obtaining progress reports on the work the old housing aid recipients who have completed the installments
Dry fish production is another lucrative venture taking place in the Kalpitiya and Vanathawillu areas which are surrounded by a number of small islands.
The main purpose of this programme was to raise the awareness of the people on the mandate of the Ministry and the Language and Social Integration Policy.
Mr. W. G. S. Jayasuriya
Agreement with China Development Bank for the Priority Roads Project III (Phase I and II) has been agreed.
Project Name: UK/MAH/DDP/257- Concreting 2nd Lane, Maya Mawatha.
Of these, collection of 350 water samples and their measurements were completed by the end of December.
From 18th December 2012 to 21st January 2013
This Act, No. 5 of 1995 deals with the transfer of a citizen of another country who has been found guilty of a offense in Sri Lanka and the transfer of a Sri Lankan who has been convicted in another country to Sri Lanka.
Establishment of Bilingual Service Counters for 19 Divisional Secretariats has been successfully completed in 2013 as a way forward.
The Financial Statements of the Company are presented in this Annual Report.
Personnel emoluments increased by 25% in 2013 largely upto Rs. 51.4 million due to the new salary scale and the approved Scheme of Recruitment (SOR), while the rise of 19.3% in total reimbursement expenses reflected inflationary and foreign exchange movements in the economy.
This included both capital and recurrent expenditure namely, salaries and wages, welfare expenses, operational expenses such as electricity, water, stationery, fuel, meals and uniforms and the expenditure related to development programs.
Electricity Board - Lakvijaya - ARS
Accordingly, at the end of the year, there were 131 mini-hydropower plants with a total capacity of 278 MW.
14.Manmunai South & Eruvil Pattu
1.8 Sports Training and Development program conducted for the Youth Services Officers
The analysis and the report of this survey is being prepared by the Marga institute by this time.
Building Capacity with Distance Assisted Training for Nuclear Medicine Professionals
Nevertheless, the Corporation which had been the only producer and seller of cement in the Island in the past has at present totally stopped the production of cement and limited itself only to the import of cement.
With the vision of creating a just society nourished with the Islamic religious rituals and cultural values, the Department of Muslim Religious and Cultural Affairs is shouldering the responsibility of all the duties of directing the Muslim society towards enhancement and enrichment.
New activities have been introduced with the aim of making agriculture a profitable, high-tech, and eco-friendly industry that attracts and recognizes the youth.
Note 07-cash & cash equivalents
The lowest population density is 187.96 in the Thawalama Divisional Secretariat Division.
Salaries /allowances – Permanent Staff
Donations were granted to the workers who had met with accidents in the construction field and had become disabled.
Conduct nutritional assessments for other non-national reserves as required
Accomplishing all this while eradicating wasteful practices and financial irregularities was yet another remarkable achievement.
1. Chairman - Appointed by the Minister in Charge of Sports.
(c) No proper details of the differences were informed to us by the audit department.
8. Commemorative Oration was conducted by the Hon. Justice J. F. A. Soza and the third Volume of the Judges Journal was also launched on 09th May 2014.
In addition, the Space Application Division of the Institute was also involved in five research projects in Astronomy.
The Internal Auditor was appointed as convener of the committee.
This project is a milestone in the Engineering history of Sri Lanka as a power generation project that was successfully completed within a scheduled period of eight months solely by local engineers.
4.15 After receiving the results of 22 electoral districts in the said manner the Commissioner of Elections calculated the votes given in favour of each candidate and declared the elected candidate as the President.
Prof. Kim is the world’s Friend Advisor to University of Colombo Institute for Agro-Technology and Rural Sciences dispatched by Korean International Cooperation Agency.
Office Documents 3 (a) 4
2.4.5. Construction of Eco Park at Kahapola, Piliyandala
The construction work of this complex has been entrusted to the Central Engineering Consultancy Bureau.
Sri Lanka’s Total Imports, Exports and Balance of Trade
It is also used to prepare national accounts.
Purification, selection, and evaluation of "Waraniya" variety
Wetlands consist of lagoons and mangrove plants which is believed to be a great creation of the nature and also exist throughout the coastal belt area.
Currently over 8200 Mediators of the Mediation Boards, established in 328 Divisional Secretariats in Sri Lanka are working voluntarily.
It was planned to disseminate information on plant conservation and to raise awareness about herbarium management activities.
The Authority which has always been conscious of the trend of dwindling revenue adopted the following measures as alternative revenue generation.
This means, how many people have access to sufficient and nutritionally rich food in the country.
Compass Network Basics and trouble Shooting 2 days
Thaippongal special stamp was released with the sponsorship of Postal Department by Honorable Prime Minister on 2014.01.14 at Dhurkka Mani Mandapam, Jaffna.
11. Setting out of G.P.S. Control points in Rambukkana - Katupitiya - Dambokka, Kiriella - Eheliyagoda, Hendala - Hunupitiya, Sri Jayawardhanapura Kotte - Battaramulla and Badulla -Kandy Rajamawatha for road widening and development activities
(hereinafter referred to as “the relevant languages'')
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
9.4.7. Mr. A.M. Kabeer of Supra Class of Public Management Assistants’ Service, who was serving in the Batticaloa District Elections Office, was appointed as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Puttlam District with effect from 04.06.2015.
07 Education Department Employees’ Co-operative Thrift & Credit Society Ltd.
Following this tradition, the U.S. – Sri Lanka Business Forum was held at the Ceylon Chamber of Commerce on 16th October 2014 and the Video Conference on Foods and Drugs Administration was held on 10th December 2014 with collaboration of United States Food and Drug Administration, Sri Lanka Embassy in WDC, Department of Commerce and Export Development Board.
News is daily telecast in Sinhala, English and Tamil from 7.55 a.m. to 10.10 p.m.
1. Matara primary substation won second place.
40 computers, 45 UPS, 11 laptops, 23 printing machines, 13 fax machines, 59 clerical tables and 11 photocopiers have been purchased for the wildlife office.
One of such programmes was to award certificates for passing Language Proficiency Examination to 736 public officers of the three Districts covered by the exhibition with the Participation of the Minister of National Languages and Social Integration.
Some problems in the FPGA frame buffer implementation for the line camera in tea color detection has to be sorted out to complete the electronic system.
Procure and maintain medical equipment / machinery
Routine checking of older mechanical and static relays which do not possess self-diagnostic capabilities
Also it is expected to encourage development away from the highly populated urban areas in the Western province achieving better balance for growth.
Through this they have been able to achieve their academic, professional and social aspirations.
This disclosure is made to be in compliance with SLAS 36 (Provisions, contingent liabilities & contingent assets) Contingent liabilities are disclosed in notes to the financial statements.
Recurrent expenditure consists mainly of two components.
Implementation of 76 programs targeting higher and tertiary education institutions to prevent the psychological impact of drug use in early adolescent age, youthful age, and adolescent age.
It is generally known that Bacillus thuringiensis Bt bacteria are capable of controlling dengue mosquitoes.
The three ex-officio members are the Hon. Attorney General, the Secretary to the Ministry of Justice and the Solicitor General.
Guidelines for Exemption from Selling Illicit Drugs
Taking into consideration the amendments to the scope of the Ministry, preliminary action was taken for obtaining of the approval of cadre for the following 26 posts.
Following the end of the three-decade war, in view of further implementing and strengthening the Community Based Correction Process in the Northern Province, new Community Based Correction Offices were launched in areas such as Mullaitivu, Kilinochchi, Vavuniya and Mallakam.
75% of the low voltage lines have been constructed using Aerial Bundle Conductors to minimize the felling of trees.
Accordingly, the Advance Account activities of the year 2014 have been carried out within the approved limits.
Participation of the Board of Trustees for the 10 Board of Trustees Meeting from 259 to 269 of 2012
Sir Chittampalam A Gardiner Mawatha,
This has been made possible by various programmes that were followed, success of the rules and regulations and methods of control that were applied, proper traffic control systems that were put into practice, road network that was upgraded as well as the field of health that has seen many advances.
v. Conducting of Medical Clinics, issue of Eye Lenses and Assistive Devices
Recorded disbursements, loan repayments, interest payments and other payments related to loan agreements in CS-DRMS during 2014
Workshop on statistics for the officers of Provincial Departments.
According to this Action Plan, the initial programmes will take place in 2015 while the implementation of Road Map programme is to be implemented from 2016.
Asian Development Bank (ADB) is one of the pioneer multilateral development partners in Sri Lanka.
The Board’s Financial Statement, presented in this report for the year 2012 conforms to the requirement of the Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
2nd Efficiency Bar Examination of PSSS (Plan Repairer)
According to the information made available for audit, net loss from the operation of this Section during the year under review was Rs. 867,262.
Responding to 21 of the 23 audit queries submitted by the Auditor General in 2014 (excluding 2 audit queries submitted on 31.12.2014), launching the Internal Audit Process under a Chief Auditor, holding four Audit Management Committee meetings scheduled for the year and solving problems, completing annual warehouse surveys and submitting reports accordingly are the highlights of the Financial Management field.
Revenue from time charter hiring is recognized over the period of the time charter agreement on an accrual basis.
The Corporation’s mission is to supply high-quality cement at the lowest price to the ultimate consumer and this has been achieved by the sale of cement operation during the year 2009 as the Corporation has entered into the cement market in the latter part of the year 2008.
08. Deyata Kirula National Festival
This made it possible to work in parallel with other provincial-based administrative/ call centers.
Bentota River, Madu River and Koggala stream exist apart from this.
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principals under the historical accounting conventions.
Under SLFRS, the investments are reviewed for impairment at end of each financial reporting period.
These officers provide technical assistance for the training programmes relating to the preparation of language plans, conducted by the Ministry.
Directing the private sector nurseries to the production of high quality plants is also a role of the Department.
The initial balance as at 01.01.2014 was Rs.
The depreciation document of QI – 5819 states that this three-wheeler was purchased in the year 2010.
5.3.4. Details of Payments under Line Ministries and Other Departments
Financial Progress - Rs.150.19 Mn.
To achieve the project objectives of this project following activities have been carried out during the period from January to December, 2015.
Additional General Manager - (Distribution Division 1)
The Medium Term Expenditure Framework presents its financial plans towards specific targets within the context of sectorial policy strategies while paying particular attention to the management of public expenditure.
In considering the future outlook, it is of critical importance that CSCL being the National Carrier of the country secures exclusive right of sea transportation of bulk commodities such as coal, crude oil and fertilizers being imported to the country.
The Institute was evaluated by the HETC, under Research Dissemination and commercialization projects in the year 2012
Rs. 2.5 Million was granted to each super market under ministerial provisions, cooordinated by provincial departments of co-operative development.
In addition, 06 meetings of the Board of Directors were conducted in 2011.
(f) Electricity bill of Kataragama Elders Home amounted to Rs. 2,702/- has been mistakenly included as an office electricity bill.
1.2 Fixed Assets and Basis of their Valuation
STC General Trading Company Ltd
5. Supplying prizes for the Bakmaha Ulela conducted by  the Galnewa Ranaviru village
Needless to say that the real strength behind has been our viewers who embraced the national television network throughout these decades.
This Ministry has signed Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) with various other Ministries, realizing the necessity of a United Inter Ministerial approach for a productive rehabilitation process.
5.Establishment of a gallery with life size figures of those who excelled in the field of sports at international events.
This displays an increase of Rs. 2.5 million, compared to the previous year.
Monitoring and Evaluation of the activities undertaken by the Ministry and the Institutions under it
Hence, all provinces are requested to prepare a new Agency Results Framework for a period of three years from 2016 to 2018 in 2016, based on the Zero Based Budgeting Approach taking into account, government policies and budget proposals.
Radio, Television, and related accessories Mechanics
5. Loans were granted to 08 beneficiaries Rs. 50000/= each to purchase computers
These courses have been successfully completed by 23 students.
Proposals and constructions submitted by China Syno Hydro Company is being studied.
The Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration was established by Gazette Extraordinary No.1681/3 dated 22.11.2010.
Training Programme on Modern Technology Administration for industrial and adminsitrative officers
The service of an engineering officer has been confirmed and the services of a management assistant, a driver, and two office assistants have been referred for confirmation.
14. War hero Honor and Dignity Division
Acquisition of Investment/ Disposal of Investment
Setting up tourism promotion councils and providing publicity through electronic and print media in the host country
Conducting an Exposition of Relics at Sri Sudarmalaya Temple from 04th to 10th March 2015 and organizing the procession.
The Languages ​​Division was established in the year 2010 to oversee the implementation of the programs relating to the implementation of the Official Languages ​​Policy in Sri Lanka and to monitor the implementation of the Official Languages ​​Policy and to create the necessary policy decision making environment.
Community of all ethnicities in the area
(a) The Company had published 06 newspapers, 22 periodicals, and 03 annual publications during the year under review while 6 newspapers, 16 periodicals and 02 annual publications had been published during the preceding year.
Generate reports prepared for further use through an Excel Sheet.
Table 1  Development of Ranaviru Database.
To focus specific attention on the completion of projects that have already been initiated
01. Mr. Douglas Siriwardane (Attorney-at-Law)
Transfer of risks and rewards vary depending on the individual terms of the contract of sales.
The total generation was 26 GWh.
L.I.S. - Land Information System
Thereby, the official Languages Commission expects to form language circles in all schools in the Island.
14. Efficiency Bar examinations of Sports Officers and Coaches
1. A march from the Chilaw Urban Council premises to the Chilaw Divisional Secretariat on 02.06.2014 was organized for public awareness under the Chairmanship of Additional Elections Commissioner, Mr M.A.L. Rathnayake and the participation of the officers of the Puttalam District Elections Office, officers of Chilaw Divisional Secretariat, Grama Niladharis and voluntary organizations.
The preliminary work commenced in December 2012.
List of Contracts of Foreign Grant Agreements Signed during January – December 2014
Out of that, Rs. 1,529 billion or 59 percent was approved under the appropriation Act for the expenditure and the balance Rs. 1,073 billion or 41 percent was for the expenditure under special law services.
On 27th of October 2014 at ‘Friends Inn’ in Kilinochchi and on 29th of October 2014 at ‘Hotel Suisse’ in Kandy, Sinhala and Tamil medium workshops were held to educate National Integration Promotion Assistants, Coordinators and Assistant officers.
The network of Correspondents has also become stronger than before.
Action will also be taken in the future to fulfill their requirements with fullest efficiency.
Online oil filtering of three 31.5 MVA, 132/33 kV power transformers at the Kiribathkumbura grid substation and two 31.5 MVA, 132/33 kV power transformers at the Badulla grid substation
Both the tea and the cream have the above activities which lead to anti-aging effect.
Purchasing of Uniform Materials for Aranery School Students
All three contracts were signed in 2012 and are currently under construction.
Key activities carried out during the last year are given below.
Under this programme talented school children are given training and provided with specific nutritional foods, accommodation, medicine and teachers to attend to their missed lessons in schools.
The UNDP Project in 2014 focused on the Prisons Project in Colombo and Child Rights Programmes in the North.
b) Advise the Board of Directors on whether the Corporation has acted in accordance with the relevant laws, regulations, and approved circulars and providing recommendations on the instances of non-compliance.
Shifting of the pilot cable between Randenigala power station and Rantambe power station carrying operational data between the two stations to a new route in order to provide space for the Rantambe grid expansion work
30th November and 1st, 2nd December
Even though a Board of Survey should be conducted at the close of each financial year and reports should be furnished to the Auditor General; it had not been done so.
Under this project which was started in 2009 construction of a synthetic Hockey Ground and Pavillion, sports hostel and grand stand were identified at a cost of Rs.775 million.
It was further observed that there was no provision in the IPP Agreement to make such payment at the time of taking the plant back from the country.
To ensure an excellent public service through a sound district level administrative system with competent human resource utilization.
Annual Report 2012 - Geological Survey and Mines Bureau
Among the construction work in the Katana Police Academy are the Administration Building of the Science Faculty, Building of the Science Faculty Hostel, Director’s Office and his Official Residence, Hostel for women, Official Quarters for different ranks, Sports Pavillion and Volleyball and Basketball Grounds.
Sri Katpakappillaiyar Temple, Thelpethatha, Badulla
Acquisition of Property, Plant and Equipment
Steps have been taken to build a Prison Training School at Kotawilawatta, Matara, simultaneously to “Deyata Kirula” National Development Exhibition in the year 2015.
Purchase of 3 lawn mowers
Free Trade Area (FTA) Protocol to amend the Framework Agreement on BIMSTEC FTA
The first section of this report produces the progress of development activities implemented by the Divisions and Institutions coming under the Industrial Sector of the Ministry.
Environmental screening of line routes
According to the calculations made under the audit and the financial statements of the Board, changes amounting to Rs 22 Million for the year 2013 were observed.
Southern Expressway Extension Project - Part I
3. Number of Sealed Vendors
Social Intetration Program for Orphans and Single Parented Children
Appointing a Director for the National Institute of Sports Science
Consideration of matters relating to SAARC-ADB Regional Economic Integration Study (Phase-II)
Water sample test is being completed and a request has been made for a detail estimation for water purification from the National Water supply and Drainage Board.
Cultivation, Animal Husbandry, Bakery, Broom / Ekle Broom Making, Carpentry, Blacksmith, Brick making
Surveyor General's Performance Report for the year 2013 has been prepared and distributed.
Accordingly, the number of officers increased by 7 percent compared to the previous year.
Out of the relevant allocations, an amount of Rs. 132,888,815.35 has been spent on the 'Uthuru Wasanthaya' and Accelerated Building Project for the North in 2012 and 2013, including an allowance for previously completed projects.
Fish products processing, Rice based products, processing of bottled fried sprat, Kithul beverages and Kithul jelly were some of the high demand programmes conducted during the year.
The Department has issued following circulars during the year 2014, providing guidelines required for expenditure management of the spending agencies.
Hence the current share capital of HDL held by the government  amounts to 20.46 billion.
As observed by my investigation and according to the information provided to me, my opinion is that the Tower Hall Theater Foundation has maintained its accounting books properly for the year ended December 31, 2012 and except the impact of paragraphs 2:2 of this report on the financial statements, financial statements have been prepared and submitted displaying accurately and fairly the status of the Tower Hall Theater Foundation's operations as at 31 December 2012 and the financial results and cash flow of its operations for the year ended 31 December 2012 in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.
In fact I am well fortunate to receive the fullest cooperation from the Secretary and the staff of the Ministry of Buddhasasana and Religious Affairs in our efforts to perform the responsibilities of the Department of Hindu Religious and Cultural Affairs very successfully.
Statement of Changes in Net Assets/ Equity for the year ended 31 December 2013
The financial statements are prepared on the basis of historical cost, except as required under the relevant notes of fair value.
The staff of the institute is fully dedicated to this.
Monitoring and Evaluation Process of the Department of Social Services
Tea Leaf Quality Rating System (Tea Leaf Colour Separator)
At present, the training has been given for seventy trainees and 15 training courses are being conducted for the Textile Village Program.
Prominent District of Good Governance and Sustainable Development
19. Part Time Certificate Course on Computer Skills
Pathmanabha Eelam People's Revolution Liberation Front
The Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka recognizes jurisdiction of the Supreme Court as follows.
Prosperous Sri Lanka through Sustainable Water Resources Development & Management
This Department contributes to the economic development of the country  uplifting the national income through the local & foreign visitors.
It was possible by this process to correct a large number of errors in identity card numbers and inserting the National Identity Card number to the electoral register, also prevented  attempts by voters to enter their names under several addresses, for various reasons.
The water released from the central sluice to the Malwathu Oya is diverted back to the existing Takkama Amuna (24km downstream of the Malwathu Oya Reservoir) and the canal of 500 cubic feet and 250 cubic feet per second to Yodha Wewa and Agathimurippu Tank.
Repair of Printers and UPS 52
Efforts to revamp the MoFP website are also underway and discussions are being held with each of the departments of the treasury in collecting departmental requirements which needs to be published over the World Wide Web (WWW).
The case studies on Biodiversity & Ecosystem Services (BES) Valuation were outsourced to Community Based Organisations and Universities.
Training on Perusing the Conversion of Budget Tax in 2014
Certificates and prizes were awarded to the winning school children.
(b) Three officers including an Assistant Manager of Annual Publications Department had been released for service of another external Institution and the Company had spent a sum of Rs. 2,256,098 as salaries and wages and vehicle allowances during the year under review.
Development partners of the Middle East have made a significant contribution to the social and economic development of Sri Lanka.
2. Main Activities of the Department of Public Enterprises during 2014
Provide a safe and satisfying environment for the workers and visitors.
Transactions with the Government of Sri Lanka and its related entities
06. Incident occurred subsequent to the Balance Sheet Date.
In terms of section 9(1) of the Co-operative Employees’ Act 1972, The Secretary of the Co-operative Employees’ Commission is appointed from the Officers of the Sri Lankan Administrative Service.
Organizing Sri Lanka promotion events
The Administration and Accounts division provides necessary support services to ensure the smooth and efficient operation of the department.
Condominium Management Authority Act No. 10 is statutory
Feeding Pelicans freshwater fishes to improve animal behavior and to satisfy visitors.
Providing high-quality lily and gladiolus tubers and mother plants of orchids at subsidized rates, new varieties of plants were introduced to the growers.
Breeder seed production of recommended other field crop varieties and tomato, okra, and bitter gourd
Number of houses distributed - 7,920
The details of expenditure at the Divisional Secretariat level according to relevant fields and as ongoing projects, are given below
The Administration / Field Office Building maintained by the Department of Buildings was also renovated.
As per the decision taken by the Government of Sri Lanka in January 2013, the name of the Ministry has been changed to read as the “Ministry of Environment & Renewable Energy”.
SLPA has introduced new promotional tariff rates at Magam Ruhunupura Mahinda Rajapaksha(MRMR) port in order to encourage and expand the transshipment of vehicles as well as bunkering trade.
Ensuring rational development of the electricity distribution system to achieve distribution network reliability of international standards while minimizing system losses
National movement for the establishment of language associations can be identified as a programme for acquainting the general public with the importance of implementing the Official Language Policy, while focusing its attention on the vision of the Ministry which is aimed at creating a unified Sri Lankan nation enriched with equality and endearingly intertwined by two languages.
Hence South Asian Preferential Trading Arrangement (SAPTA) will gradually be replaced by South Asian Free Trade Agreement (SAFTA) in the future.
The main function of the Legal Division is to hold Cabinet Sub-Committees on Constitutionalization and to make Recommendations on Grant of Pardons.
In 2016, the Finance Commission made arrangements to allocate CBG funds into two categories, mentioned below.
The composition of the Ministry Staff features officers from various Ministries and Departments, majority of whom comprises newly recruited Public Management Assistants and Development Officers.
04.Dissemination of accurate information on plants
1.1 Livelihood support programme for the differently-abled
Although provisions for gratuity have to be invested separately, the total amount could not be invested due to the financial difficulties of the Institute.
In 2014, the operating expenses of the equipment sector were reduced from 1.8 million rupees in the previous year to 1.6 million rupees.
Things necessary for the visitors have been developed after the opening of the park.
New drivers' recruitment and efficiency bar examinations
Sri Paththira Kaali Amman Temple, Thannamunai, Batticaloa
While inflation levels which remained at a single digit for five consecutive years gradually declined further to mid single digits by the end of the year, the Sri Lankan economy rebounded strongly to record an annual real GDP growth of 7.3% in 2013.
(f) The revised return system which was introduced as a trial was discontinued recently by restoring to the older system.
Mr. Rajapaksha Percy Mahendra - United People´s Freedom Alliance
Further, the Department was directed to present strategic plans and budget estimates in order to prepare necessary background to carry out the functioning of the Department on a par with that.
The study should be repeated in a pilot-scale for the confirmation of the results.
The first component is dam safety and operational efficiency improvement.
The functions of the Department and the final auditing of the accounts are performed by the officers of the Auditor General’s Department.
Going by the facts following trends in relation to reported crimes and solutions thereto are evident.
(c) During the year under review, the Company had purchased a Prime Mover on operational lease by incurring a sum of Rs. 4.8 million for the purpose of transporting 49 Metric tons of printing papers.
Information Technological and Operational Activities
The construction of 19 buildings for the STF had been planned in 2014.
Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and equivalents are presented in the statement of comprehensive income within ‘finance income or cost’.
This provides strategic and practical knowledge through various stages from Certificate, Diploma, Higher Diploma and Agriculture Degree levels.
These allocations have been made under PSDG with the objective of investing in improving the basic facilities of the backward villages.
Depending on the capacity of the Kochipothana reservoir and the availability of water from an adjacent catchment or reservoir, the extent of cultivated land can be increased to 300 acres.
In order to improve market presence, we have conducted a number of seminars for year 5 scholarship students GCE O/L students, health camps, and musical shows during the year, which proved to be very popular among the school children as well as the general public.
In 2010, the Ministry of Justice established the National Anti-Human Trafficking Task Force which is functioning as the national coordinating body to advise and monitor activities to be implemented in combating human trafficking in Sri Lanka.
Maintenance Board for Elders - 2012
Another awareness programme was organized to commemorate the “World Environmental Day 2014” with the participation of school children.
The live telecast of News Headling from 5.55a.m to 6.25a.m is also another production of this unit.
In addition, basic maps are prepared by the Survey Department.
Meanwhile, commercial officials continued to support small and medium-sized exporters to gain access to the international market for their products.
Understanding the children’s growth level and theoretical and practical workshop on the preparation of the appropriate
The objective of this phase is : “Key state and non- state organisations to collaborate with each other successfully putting key elements of Social Integration into practice”
Whilst performing the service CSCL was able to achieve a considerable increase in the tonnage of almost all types of imports including Pure Car Carrier services as well as Break Bulk cargo service.
Credit risk is the potential financial loss arising from the Company's debtors defaulting to pay within the agreed credit period.
However, according to the conditions of the lease agreement entered into, the Corporation did not have the right to revise the rent during the entire lease period of 50 years.
Colombo City Achieved 100% Electrification.
Resignation from United National Party
Workshop on Practical Electronics – 02 days
The objective of the Youth Camp is to enhance the awareness on peace, co-existence and social integration among the youth who belong to various nationalities and thereby, build a generation of Youth who are closely knit whole heartedly.
Expenditure incurred in the running of the operation during the reporting period.
Programs produced and telecasted by the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation Music Unit in 2012
Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method.
Moreover, it deals with all sorts of legal activities coming under the Development Division.
Major activities and achievements in the Thermal Complex during the year 2013 were as follows;
Ensuring the longevity of endemic wildlife species subjected to the threat of extinction by implementing special projects and utilizing suitable conservation methods.
Taking into consideration of this situation, an awareness programme for the heads of Statutory Boards and Authorities was conducted by the Official Languages Commission.
Electoral District No. 20 - Moneragala
In the process, the company was entitled to an administration fee of Rs. 63.9 million.
Reporting progress of projects of which the value exceeds Rs.50 Mn to the Ministry of Finance.
Therefore, these Authorities and Boards too must carry on their services in compliance with the Official Languages Policy in order to enable the public to obtain services in their mother language as a way of safeguarding their language rights.
03. Training Program on Payment Procedures
05 site inspections, 10 road side testing programmes, 10 Smoky Vehicle Spotter Programmes under "Vehicle Emission Testing (VET) Programme" were held.
Awareness programmes and recommendations have been issued time to time by Official Languages Commission to prepare Government institutions’ letter heads in compliance to the Official Languages Policy.
Conserve the animals who are on the brink of extinction.
However, the sale of cement operation did not financially benefit the Corporation as it had to face many obstacles from competitors.
Assistant Director, Department of Social Services
Western Coastal Underground Aquifer - Coastal area from Colombo to the west
They are Sinhala and Tamil sections.
My thanks are due to representatives of employer, employee, public institutions, International Labour Organization and Non – government Organizations and the Ministers and Members of the Parliament who extended their fullest co-operation and strength in the endeavors.
With the changes that have taken place from time to time in the role assigned to the Department, presently the major role of it is to maintain rice buffer stocks under the following circumstances.
To provide an active, vibrant and productive adult life through care for the Sri Lankan people
Provisions have been released for projects received from Ratnapura, Badulla and Colombo districts.
Grants and aids have been adjusted to meet the relevant expenses.
Internal Academic Programas, External and Extension Programs are among those.
This value has been brought to accounts correctly.
In line with the Hon. Minister's vision, a S5 program and an S5 unit were established in the institute with an officer in charge with the objective of restoring an efficient workforce.
The main objective of mine is to create a healthy workforce with consolidated relations between employees- employers and tripartite relations of government by improving the quality of their career to do away with possible physical illnesses arising from the nature of their employment and the environment at the places of their work.
This unit undertakes necessary makeup for up to 75 - 100 artists who take part in programmes which also includes live programmes, from 5.30a.m to 10.30p.m on a daily basis.
This was built across the Malwathu Oya and diverted water through two canals.
Progress of the programme of Title settlement has developed gradually since 2011 and the progress achieved in 2014 has increased in 48.94% in comparison with the number of Land parcels in the cadastral map given by the Department of surveys to be gazzetted under section 12.
Note (8) - The Gratuity provision was made as follows.
Current Affairs unit consists of two main sections.
04. Presidential Election – 08.01.2015
4. Establishment structure and approved staff information, organizational chart
The investment fund for gratuity payments is Rs. 5.67 M.
Ruhuna Vijayaba Central College - Hambantota
Asian Elephant (Elephas maximus) - Sex: 1:0
The Ranaviru Sewa Authority was established by the Parliamentary act of no 54 1999.
However, if any item on which SAPTA concessions are available to LDC, appear in the sensitive lists of non-LDC, they shall maintain the same level of concession through derogation.
9.5.4 Members of the Office Employees Service namely, Mr. N.G.T.P. Weerasekara and Ms. G.D. Shashika Nivanthi, who were serving in Polonnaruwa and Colombo District Elections Offices respectively, and Ms. M.A.G. Prasilda Prasanna and Ms. P.S. Geethanjali of the Elections Secretariat were released on 14.09.2015 to enable them to assume duties in the posts of Class III of Public Management Assistants Service as they passed the Open Competitive Examination for recruitment to the Public Management Assistants Service.
Language Division performs the task of carrying out Programmes with regard to implementing the official languages policy and monitoring of the implementation of the Official Languages Policy and policy decisions.
400 Concrete Pillars have been purchased by the Ministry of Agriculture for 4 beneficiaries under 50% subsidy at Rs. 420,000.00 from the allocation of Rs. 500,000 and the balance has been refunded.
Professor Mr.S.Pathmanathan, University of Peradeniya presided over the inauguration ceremony under the chairman of Mrs.Shanthi Navukarasan, Director of the Department.
3. As per the internal scheme of recruitment, only the Beat Forest Officers who are presently serving in the Department and fulfill the prescribed qualifications could apply for the post
This Department is not identified as a revenue collecting agency and financial information on expenditure against provision on Personnel Emoluments, Other Recurrent Expenditure, Capital Expenditure and Advance Accounts Operations of the Department under Budget Head No.239 in the year 2014 is given in the following tables.
Under this heading, Rs 5.4M was allocated through Divisional Secretaries under the Deyata Kirula Program for the rehabilitation of 43 temples in the Kurunagala and Puttalam Districts.
Hand Book of simple language guidelines for empowerment of Ministerial Focal Point Officers on preparation of language plans
In addition to that, a preliminary awareness drive on the subject has been launched in all Grama Niladhari Divisions.
(iii) Expected expenses in preparing the estimation for Elders Day Celebration were not spent and it has been instructed to be concerned in the preparation of estimations henceforth.
Administration Division has given its support for the Police Department, Special Task Force, National Dangerous Drugs Control Board and Galle Heritage Foundation in respect of administrative and institutional functions.
Mitigate greenhouse gas emissions in the path of sustainable development
This Committee when recommending will pay special attention to a project's production process, percentage of value addition, creation of employment opportunities, environmental impact, and financial feasibility.
Through these officers, technical training for 1107 entrepreneurs and entrepreneurship development training for 800 entrepreneurs have been provided so far.
Project objective is to design and develop a control system with user interface, enabling the user to obtain merchandise from the vending machine using his/her mobile connection credit balance to make the payment.
Mr. S.M. Harischandra (Up to April 2012) - Member
The proposed project will create a large number of employment opportunities and it will greatly contribute to minimize rural poverty and malnutrition.
The adaptive research station Mullaitivu is being relocated at Oddusuddan.
Even though the identity card number is given at the time of enumeration, actions were taken to inform the Department of Registration of Persons when instances in which the identity card number is incorrect are detected by the computer programme used in the revision process.
9. Mr. Thilak de Soysa - Committee Member
Rainy weather prevails from November to February in the district and the average rainfall for the year is 1400mm.
2. Directing the Secretary to the Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energy to submit the report of the Cabinet Committee appointed by the Cabinet of Ministers by its decision dated 03.04.2014 regarding No. 14/0070/527/001 to the Cabinet of Ministers expeditiously
Reviewing report on compliance with statutory reporting and payment requirements
The Department launched a new website with current news and new outlook concurrently with the Co-operative Day celebration on 1st July 2014 and it is being maintained by updating it regularly as one of the repositories which provides information to those who are interested in the co-operative business.
ITI is geared to improve the competitiveness of the Sri Lankan ceramic industry.
Also, *BIMSTEC countries have entered into agreements on mutual legal assistance.  Sri Lanka entered into Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters
Commutative expenditure at the end of December 2015 was Rs. 135.19 Million
Progress of the Social Services and Cultural Programs
The augmentation of the grid substation part which was Lot 'A' was carried out by a contract which included all the relevant activities.
Hakmana, Thihagoda, Dikwella, Kotapola, Pasgoda
The financial statements of the Subsidiaries were audited by the firms of Chartered Accountants in public practice appointed by the Board of Directors of the respective Subsidiaries.
The following Saturday Seminars were held for High Court Judges’ District Court Judges, Magistrates and Presidents of Labour Tribunals.
The Assistant Director and the 14 staff of Makeup Unit have provided tremendous service for the above programmes including daily Lottery programs.
In this context, more attention has been paid in the government policy on increasing per-capita income, reducing income disparities between different income groups, minimizing socio-economic disparities at regional level and ensuring free education system through adopting the concept of “social-market economy”.
Amount Spent - Rs. 20 million
To serve the people of Sri Lanka to our utmost endeavor and work with honour, dignity and integrity to fulfill Sri Lanka’s promises.
Non-Project Grant Aid for Provision of Japanese SME’s Product
Visit of  Sri  Lankan  Representatives as Asian Delegation to Asian Development Bank(ADB) Headquarters - Manila
9.4.9. Fifteen officers of Public Management Assistants’ Service and 02 Drivers who expressed desire to serve in the Department of Elections were transferred to this Department under inter departmental transfers.
Purchasing 4000m Trailing Suction Hopper Dredger
Uva 4,700 10.4 1200 10.9
The audit of consolidated Financial Statements of the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2013 comprising the statements of financial position as at 31 December 2013 and the statement of comprehensive income, statements of changes in equity, and statements of cash flow for the year then ended and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information, was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(3) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section 13(1) of the Finance Act, No.38 of 1971 and Section 16 of the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited (Special Provisions) Law No.28 of 1973.
In addition to this, Departmental website which has been developed to make aware the people about the departmental activities and so as to access easily to obtain information which can be obtain, was launched by Deputy Minister of Land and Land Development Hon. Siripala Gamalath.
VI. Accepting and considering proposals for the reformation of law
There is an enormous potential for the handicraft industry in future with the boosting tourism industry, targeting 2.5 million tourist arrivals by 2016 where huge market opportunities for local gifts and souvenir industry is created.
Minimize post-harvest damage to home gardening chains in SAARC countries
Enhancement of thrift and savings of Ranaviru family members
24 Sinhala classes, 24 English classes in Jaffna District and 41 Sinhala classes, 24 English classes in Batticaloa District have been conducted.
This plan also includes proposals for technical loss reduction and measures to increase the reliability of the supply system.
23 Awareness on Land Title Settlement & Investigation Section all the Officers attached to the Head Office of the Department
The increase in provisions by Rs 5 million was due to the increase in allocations for bad and doubtful debt, provisions for gratuity and the cost for the preparation of the project reports.
The main objective of the Department is to provide high quality budded rubber plants to the planters.
Projects were aligned to cover the following programmes and sections, on these allocations.
Land is not depreciated; depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost over their estimated useful lives, as follows:
The unit contributed a great deal by undertaking the makeup for the “Ranaviru Real Star” reality TV program in 2012.
Department of Public Enterprises - Performance Report 2014
Proper guidance to expedite the answers for Audit queries and recommendations of PAC with relevance to the National Dangerous Drugs Control Board and preparation of Fixed Assets registers, Bank Accounts and Bank reconciliation reports, recovery of arrears of loan balances of Public Officers Advance ‘B’ Accounts and taking necessary measures on losses and damages
Projects, of which discussions of the loan agreement are completed in 2014 are given below.
Conducting a program to promote religious harmony in the Karandeniya Divisional Secretariat area.
The Ruwanwella Water Supply Scheme will provide piped water facilities to this area, which will provide a solution to the existing water problem and also improve the living standards of the people.
Making financial contribution for Pirith chanting pinkama organized  by Hanwella Ranaviru community ya
Mr. D.D. Amaratunga (Director) with effect from 26.07.2012
(Leased out to Sri Lanka Cricket Board for a period of thirty years from 01-11-2006)
The maximum market price of these shares was Rs.34.75 and in 2011 the values of these shares fell to Rs.26.20.
The most attractive result of this is that the revenue generated out of the sale of these products is  being credited in to Government's accounts  which a  contribution  to the country's development.
So it was possible to improve the service provided by the call center.
Under this exercise, 315 motor cycles of 600cc and another 1,000 motor cycles of 125cc were made available to the Police Stations of the Department of Police for the patrolling duties of the officers attached to divisions including the Police Transport Division and also in order to meet the exigency of quickly reaching their desired destinations in an emergency.
Renovation of the car park & development of internal roads
Instructors’ fees were paid only to the instructors who completed the specific number of hours of teaching.
One Junior Certificate Course on Wildlife Management was conducted at National Wildlife Research Training Centre, Giritale aimed at skills development of wildlife officers.
The Government of Japan has provided USD 115 million for the construction of a new Habarana Switching Station and a 220 KW Transmission Line from the Habarana Switching Station to the Veyangoda Network Sub Station.
The Ceylon Fisheries Corporation should implement new strategies to improve sales revenue and to manage cost efficiency.
4. Obtain copies of marriage, birth, death certificates and approved age certificates
18 S.L. Information & Communication Technology Service - III
(b) The creditors and the accrued expenses during the year under review amounted to Rs.62,854,679 while it was shown as Rs.63,078,398 according to the time analysis.
Under the Divi Neguma Programme, an amount of Rs. 11 million had been allocated to the Department this year and its progress is given in the Table below.
(a) The Treasury Circular No. IAI / 2002/02 dated November 28, 2002, had not maintained a separate record for computers, computer accessories, and software.
Sri Naagapoosaniyamman Aranery School were participated.
in accordance with the vision of the Ministry, taking the National Movement for Language Associations to the public is a programme to add value to the implementation of the Official Languages ​​Policy.
Progress of conducting interviews from 01.01.2015 to 31.12.2015
Assistance was given by electronic and printed media such as Sri Lanka Rupawahini Corporation, Independent Television Network, Sirasa and Swarnavahini television as well as Lake House and Vijaya Newspapers through their full sponsorship.
29 cages in various sizes have been built for providing Medical treatment to animals that become orphaned and/or subjected to various accidents and retaining them until they are  released to their natural habitats.
During the year technical details for mechanical system construction was finalized.
The specialty of the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation library is the way it is maintaining the information both in print and visual media for program productions.
The procurement of materials required for upgrading of nurseries in Gampaha, Peradeniya, and Haggala floriculture divisions and the development of floriculture divisions in all botanical gardens was done.
Iniya Wasandami program held in Kurunegala
Additional charges for Employees Provident Fund and Employees Trust Fund
In providing such assistance, the Legal Officers of the Department advise the Government and Government Institutions on matters primarily of civil, criminal, constitutional and commercial nature, and represent the Government and Government Institutions in cases referred to the Supreme Court and other Courts of the island and to the Labour Tribunals.
Agalawattta Training Center (November 05 - 14)
Uplifting the living standard of the people in Batticaloa District through efficient public service
In addition, programs such as issuance of identity cards for elders, distributing spectacles and giving a monthly allowance of Rs.2000.00 are programs that were operative in this year.
2.3.1 All known liabilities have been accounted for in preparing the financial statements.
Soil activation is important for water absorption.
Apart from this, the Nation Building Tax and the Income Tax were paid to the Department of Inland Revenue in compliance with the prevailing rules.
To serve the public in accordance with the objectives of Trusts in this department/ according to the Last Wills/ orders of Court working in the following subjects
The United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP 20) was held in Lima, Peru from 1st to 12th December 2014.
(xi) Greater Colombo Transmission, Distribution, and Loss Reduction Project
Many documentary programs were produced and telecast under the various topics on Nature, Personalities, History, Archaeology and Human Life.
15. Issuing special identity cards for Muslim theologies. (Moulavies)
The study on the Direct & Indirect Impacts of the Climate Changes on the Coastal Aquifer System of Sri Lanka
Sri Kathirvelautha Swamy Temple, Rokkanthanai Estate, Hali Ela
Radiation Therapist, Teaching Hospital, Kandy
The Protocol to incorporate the Agreement on Trade Facilitation (ATF) into the World Trade Organization's Agreements was opened for ratification from the end of 2014 until July 31, 2015.
d) Unidentified debit and credit balances amounting to Rs. 69,863 and to Rs. 1,037,572 respectively remained in six Bank accounts of the Company, without being cleared for over 06 months.
Terrain Lines (Not available for data from Satellite Images)
Instant Assets to Current Liabilities (Ratio)
For Jury Award nominated for the final round
Work on all three contracts is expected to be completed in 2014.
It was also in this area that Kuveni who helped King Vijaya to become king, lived.
The Embilipitiya  Language Association's seminar was held in 01.102014.
Drawing the attention of the Board of Directors to implement the accounting policies and the management policies as per the decisions indicated in respect of the Authority in the Auditor General’s report.
(e) The cost of complementary diaries has incorrectly been posted to Annual publication department continuously without being expensed as marketing expenses.
National Plant Quarantine Service – Katunayake
The recently established Geographical Names and National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI) Division of the Survey Department of Sri Lanka is doing a great job of collaborating with other organizations in the country to share land information.
9.1.7 With the approval of the Management Services Department, one new post in the Drivers Service and 12 posts in the Public Management Assistants’ Service were created in the year 2015, as the functions of the Department of Elections increased.
8.1 Establishment of an Advisory Council on Law and Order
The Company trades mainly with shipping agents and Government institutions.
Community-Based Rehabilitation Program - 2015
31 July - 03 August
Through these publications, it is expected to improve the knowledge of the staff and to educate them on the use of tools, equipment, and material.
Under the Traditional Handicraft Village Development Program, 02 market research programs were conducted this year using several handicraft outlets located in Colombo, with the aim of introducing market-friendly innovations to the craftsmen of Bope Poddala Timber related crafts and Lower Hapuvida lacquer Handicraft Villages.
In addition to above, advertisements with regard to make awareness about the speech contest held in respect of the Social Integration Week and shifting of the Official Languages Commission’s office from Rajagiriya to Borella too was published.
This program has been arranged to provide information for the entrepreneurs through case studies, field observations, and panel discussions.
It was noted that significant improvements had been made across all institutions in the implementation of the OLP as compared with results from 2013 Deyata Kirula audit.
Various programs, as per the following table, have been conducted for those at the provincial levels by the District Secretariats throughout the country quite successfully.
In the past year, there was an unexpected increase in training opportunities.
The bridge is a natural mix of sand and limestone, connecting India and Ceylon.
Including major OBs with Slow-motion facilities
Improved institutional capacity at provincial level
vi. Commemoration of the International Elders Day
Lessons Learned and National Reconciliation Programs implemented in accordance with the recommendations of the Commission.
(I) Assets reduced to zero value and which were in use had not been revalued and brought to account.
i. Assets carried at amortized cost
Out of that an amount of Rs. 20,726,548 or 31% had been referred to the Legal Section, considered as an unrecoverable loan.
36. School Environmental Training Program (Green Pilot)
Construction of tourism officers' quarters in Korale Pattu North, Ministry of Home Affairs
Displaying the implementation of the Official Language Policy
Trilingual preparation  of official name boards at the Vavunia Regional Education Director’s officer.
2.2.2 Cash and Cash Equivalents
(i) The Output Tax relating to the Value Added Tax amounting to Rs.4,752,790 payable during the year under review to the Commissioner-General of Inland Revenue had not been remitted.
The scope of the project includes the replacement of the existing protection schemes of 220 kV lines and Transformers in Biyagama Grid Sub Station (GSS), Kothmale Power Station (PS), Victoria PS, Rantambe PS, and New Anuradhapura GSS and the installation of Fiber Optic Cables (OPGW) in the 220 kV lines of Biyagama to Kelanithissa, Kothmale to Victoria line, from Victoria to Randenigala and from Randenigala to Rantambe.
Under this project, a 17 day Tamil Language Programme was planned from 06.12.2014- 22.12.2014 at Kandy District Secretariat for newly appointed Grama Niladharis in the Kandy District.
Extent of cultivated land (acres) in 2013/14 Maha season
And also, reporting progress on Human Rights Action plan being implemented in collaboration with other Line Ministries and reporting Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission plan to the Parliamentary Select Committee were also performed by the section in due period.
Likewise opportunity has been provided to obtain promotions in the field and proper arrangement of work environment of persons engaged in the field of plantation by  following this course.
‘Friday’s Nugasevana’, ‘Saturday Ayubowan’, ‘Thirasara’, ‘Rasa Mohootha’ and ‘Ayubowewa’ are notable within the programmes.
Displaying of trilingual notices in public notice boards and electronic name boards on the express way.
With the technical assistance received from the ADB, the preparation of the Renewable Energy Master Plan and Wind Development Master Plan for Mannar is underway.
It was further agreed that the first session of the Sub-Committee on Trade (SCT) to be held in the near future.
However the Company's liability under this Agreement is limited to a maximum of US $ 500,000 per annum.
The community police concept conducted 1,739 police mobile services in 2014 to control crimes.
Subsequently, an ultra-modern and fashionable global culture will dawn, transforming the entire environment into a peaceful and harmonious place to dwell.
Lanka News Limited  Ordinary shares at Rs. 1000/- each
One of the main tasks undertaken by the Ministry after its establishment was to take steps to expeditiously fill up the vacancies in the Sri Lanka Police and the Special Task Force.
MANUPUTRA LEGAL DATABASE for the use of Judges was installed at the Sri Lanka Judges' Institute.
Obtaining a Professional Allowance for Geologists, Geophysicists and Chemists working in the Geological Survey and Mines Bureau
A part of the outstanding amount has now been received and a further sum of Rs. 1,611,358.76 from Gampaha hospital and Rs. 802,749 from Negombo hospital is yet to be received.
The Chairman of the Company had informed me on 29 July 2014 that from the inception this asset was shown as an operating lease and the payments with regard to lease is an annual payment of Rs. 8,966 to the Divisional Secretariat, Colombo.
I do hereby, express my gratitude to the staff of the Ministry and the Institute that dedicated with team sprit to realize all efforts
14 Mr. A. M. P. K. S. B. Aththanayaka, Assistant Title Investigation Officer
2,074 complaints via Telephone Numbers 1984 and 0112 077 778 have been received during the period from 01.01.2015 to 30.09.2015.
However, 129,882 names of multiple registrations were deleted in the year 2015 and the details of the number of deleted names of each electoral district due to multiple registrations are given in Table VI.
It was instructed to record the numbers given in the cash books for the payment vouchers found in the Mannar District Secretariat and 05 Divisional Secretariats in paragraph 12 of the Appropriation Accounts Ledger.
Maintenance of the Attendance System with upgrades as and when required
3. Making improvements or changes required for the buildings and structures.
Creatig a Database for Sri Lanka Accountancy Service
In order to prevent the importation of the Wallapatta plants or the stems to other countries, there was a great need of accuratly identifying the data needed to verify this plants as well as the extracted resin of the plant.
The Police were instigated to remove illegal campaign notices, photographs, cutouts, etc. of candidates and were provided with the necessary funds to hire labourers.
Mrs. K. V. D. T. N. Wijegunarthna
Construction of RB side abutment & Spillway construction were completed.
Officers of the Public Management Assistants' Service and junior staff members are made to participate in the local training programs in 2014 to maintain the administration of the department efficiently.
This year, 100 eligible Tamil artists were selected to receive this award by the Evaluation Committee which was appointed by the Department.
The Peradeniya - Badulla - Chenkaladi road connects the Central and Eastern Provinces through the Uva Province and has therefore been identified as a major tourist attraction.
Total assets for the year under review had increased by 7% over the previous year.
It is expected to have an Information Management System by computerizing all the information of prisoners so that so that it could facilitate effective interchange of information, streamline administration, and regulate the security as well.
The VET certificate has been made mandatory to obtain the annual revenue license in all the provinces except the North.
The National Design Center has created 23 souvenirs for 22 targeted souvenirs and gift items targeting Parliament, Anuradhapura, the Temple of the Tooth and various forms of the local elephant.
Nutrition Allowance Program for Pregnant Mothers under the Ministry of Child and Women's Affairs - 2015
Nine (09) black gram F1 populations identified with desirable characters were established in the field.
(c)  In accordance with paragraph 5.4.4 (Section 1) of the Procurement Guidelines, the advance paid for services should only be 20% of the contract amount, however,  45 percent of advances had been paid to a private institution.
The Director-General of Management Services, by letter dated 01.01.2016 granted approval to create posts to the Labour Tribunal newly established in the district of Jaffna covering the Northern Province.
Action has been taken to enhance the reading interest of the Officers while improving their knowledge by lending books to the staff on Fridays.
Compilation of data base containing details of all beneficiary parents of Mapiya Surekum programme
These efforts are presently being administered by the Fiscal Management Efficiency Project (FMEP) with the assistance of the Information Technology Management Department of the Treasury.
An amount of Rs. 862.52 million (Rs. 487.63 million from the Treasury Fund and Rs. 374.89 million from the Zoo Development Fund) had been spent on its construction from 2008 to 2014.
Average Cost of Generation - CEB Power Plants
Moreover, the Honorable Prime Minister, at the discussion held on 25.05.2015, has also recommended that it is appropriate to draft a new act involving the role of the Sri Lanka Police in tandem with the modern era.
9.6.5 Mr. A. H. M. Kabeer, who was serving as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Puttalam District and retired on 07.09.2015, was an officer promoted to the Supra Grade of the Public Management Assistants Service with effect from 30.04.2011 and was then appointed as the Administrative Officer of Kandy District Elections Office from 02.08.2012.
Receivables are given in terms of available estimate values.
Trained teachers of the language societies in Kegalle and Ratnapura Districts as well as 35 Ministerial field officers have participated in this.
Officers Who Work with the Community in Rural Areas
a) Establishment of Audit & Management Committees
Number of Members which each Electoral District is entitled to return
The financial information of the Department for Employees' Salaries, Other Recurrent Expenditure, and Allocation for the Capital Expenditure and Expenditure for the year 2014 is summarized below.
It is a pleasure to send a note on the presentation of the Performance and Financial Report for the year 2014 of the Ratnapura District Secretariat.
The Industrial Development division of the Ministry of Industry and Commerce supports the  extending of the Industrialisation to the regions  from the current few districts of the country to enhance the industrial sector contributions to the national economy.
Approved capital Rs. 10/- Ordinary shares
02. Collection of information in rural areas
The overall distribution loss of the division was 9.3% at the end of the year 2012.
Media / Public Relations Officer
Under this project, officers were provided with drinking water facilities and sanitary facilities required by them in parallel to making residential facilities available to them.
Arrangements were made to conduct Progress Review Meetings at Provincial Level involving all the Community Correctional Officers in all Community Correctional Offices in the Island.
For this, pre-defined indicators must be identified.
This Division is also involved in achieving development targets based on Action Plan for 2014 formulated in keeping with the “Mahinda Chintana Forward Vision”.
Progress of the Survey, Standardization & Services Division
The Government of Korea has provided 199 short term and 9 long term training opportunities through the Korean International Cooperation Agency.
11. School of Drama and Theatre
Rehabilitation & Improvement of Plant
February – National Sailing Pool, National Shooting Pool
Establishment of Local Area Network within all divisions
“Senehasa Dee Apa Rakinna” Programme was held at the Blind School, Ratmalana to coincide with the World Children’s Day.
The main functions assigned to the Labour Tribunals are to hear and dispose of the applications received in respect of disputes in terms of the Section 31 (b) of the Industrial Disputes Act No. 62 of 1957.
The Development Division coordinates and carries out development activities of the Ministry of Justice and the Departments coming under the Ministry of Justice.
Construction of 1000 km of middle voltage lines, 2100 km of low tension lines, and 550 distribution substations
This Pension Scheme was started in the year 2007 in line with the International Day for Elders under the supervision of Ministry of Social Services & Social Welfare and the National Secretariat for Elders, jointly with the Sri Lanka Social Security Board, launched the programme with effect from 01st of January 2008.
Project 01 - General Administration & Institutional Services (District Secretariat)
Establishment of Elders Committees and Granting Rs. 5,000
7. Routine maintenance of 20 manned primary substations, 15 unmanned primary substations, 29 switching gantries, 83 Auto reclosers, 132 load break switches, and 51 metering transformers.
Development of a seed setting cluster onion variety is a timely need.
Physical and financial progress of development projects related to Sugathadasa Indoor Stadium.
36. Co-ordinator (Dance / Music) - As Personal to holder
3.6.4. Dry Zone Botanic Gardens,  Hambanthota
Project Component 2: Increase climate resilience of Infrastructure
Three Research Committees were conducted and the approval has already been granted for the research projects of outside researches recommended by the committee members.
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates which will affect the Company's income or the carrying value of holdings of financial instruments.
Deputy General Manager Legal & Insurance / Human Resources
National Sports Festival - 2016
An income of Rs. 274,897.50 has been generated as at 31.08.2015 from it.
Cost of Sales of Newspapers Segment - 2013
This enable to increase the income of Rs. 2.8 million received in the previous year from technology transfer upto Rs. 3 million in 2013.
12.Review of implementation of recommendations of the Committee on Public Enterprises (COPE)
Following Divisions of the Department assist the Legal Staff in performing the above functions.
Organization of activities related to the Presidential Election on 08th January 2015, activities related to the Parliamentary Election on 17.08.2015 and the filling of vacancies in Parliament, Provincial Councils and Local Authorities were the activities performed by the Department of Elections/ Election Commission during the year 2015.
Galle City had been invaded by the Portuguese in year 1587 B.C. and a wall was constructed in year 1619.
While we favour diversification we reward high performance.
Acquired (or produced) local teledramas and films
ii. It shall be the duty of the Commission to make recommendations to the President.
Assistant Commissioner of  Labour, Labour Department, Batticaloa
Number of Audit checks conducted - 12
Completed the procurement of equipment for the construction of 300 km long electric fences.
Provided required debt statistics to the other Divisions of ERD and Treasury Operations Department (TOD) and other relevant agencies where necessary and prepared and published 814 report generated from CS-DRMS on disbursements (project-wise) on the ERD public website
Marking of postal votes was scheduled to be done at the offices of the Certifying Officers on 23rd and 24th December 2014 and unmarked postal voting packets were taken to the custody of the Returning Officer and facilities were provided to those who could not do so to mark them at the offices of the District Returning Offices on 30.12.2014, 03.01.2015 and 06.01.2015.
Dr. G. A. S. Premakumara, who served as the Deputy Director (Research and Development) for a very short period after serving as the Head of Plant Technology and the Senior Deputy Director has been appointed as the Director of the Industrial Technology Institute w.e.f. January 4, 2013.
Number of Temporary Driving Licenses Issued
Districts where the land observation was made are as follows
Which are Agribusiness and industry, the Science Park and Extension programs.
The CEA has assessed the upcoming threats of mini-hydro projects and other development activities to the waterfalls distributed throughout the country through a waterfall survey initiated in Kalutara, Badulla, Galle, Nuwara Eliya, Matale and Hambantota Districts.
CSCL lifted a total quantity of 761,281 MT during the six month window period excluding South West monsoon season.
Monitoring the progress of condominium property being constructed.
F. O. B. Value of Total Rubber Exports (Rs. million)
Provisions for the preparation of project reports for redevelopment of Bambalpitiya housing scheme
Those who wish to contribute to this program can make a donation to the Elders Coverage Foster Account No. 5234881 of Bank of Ceylon, Battaramulla.
Major General E.P.De.Z Abeysekara (USP) Executive General ,Sri Lanka Army
Coordinate with Central Bank of Sri Lanka regarding Co-operative Rural Banks and Co-operative Financial Institutions.
The objective of this program is to implement the National Policy for Persons with Disabilities and to safeguard their rights and to contribute to the national development in the socio-economic system where the skills and talents of such persons are available.
ITI has continuously worked for industrialists by providing required development and research services to enhance the quality of the products available in the market.
As such, the prison named Bogambara has already been planned to be shifted to Pallekele (Dumbara) in 3 stages whilst the first and second stages of it has already been completed.
Empower the bottom percentile of income earners.
In the hybridization program, 10 No. of families of the F2 generation were advanced to the F3 generation.
All audit inspections were carried out based on the audit program planned for the year 2014 with the concurrence of the Surveyor General, Director General (Management Audit Department) and the Auditor General.
Under SLFRS, the expenditure incurred on sale of vessels has been recognized immediately in the profit or loss.
The list of names of the Commissioners of Settlement from 1903 to now are:(Please see Annexure 01)
The Cabinet of Ministers has approved the work of Stage 1 B.
Training Program on Administrative Functions and Methods
Many people benefited from these programmes and these were on: education; essential infrastructure development; building understanding and trust among communities; raising awareness of social integration; strengthening of marginalised communities  etc.
Thus, the 2014 work program, inter-alia, has focused on further strengthening the existing trade ties, finding new markets, promotion of new products, encouraging effective participation of the SME sector in the international trading system and promotion of Sri Lanka as a trading hub in the South Asian region.
About 80% of people arrived in the Department Stall took part in computer games and also, two dramas on Social integration was staged by Department Staff since 24.02.2014 twice a day.
Items included in these new products
1,000 mobile phones with full coverage for all regional divisions were provided to police officers enabling them to transmit messages speedily adding to the efficiency of the service while reducing the costs incurred in the provision of such services.
Balance as at date (Previously Stated)
This Department provides services to all Government Ministries and Departments including the State Corporations and Statutory Bodies.
Number to which solutions could not be provided - 507
Contributing to the programme to employ 2,571 graduate trainees recruited for government service to various ministries and departments and taking steps to implement their service effectively, practical implementation of Human Resources Plan, Plantation Community Development Plan, District Child Development Plan are achievements in the year 2014.
Two methods are followed up by the Commission in implementing these programs.
It also enables us to provide a great service to the public in a very short period of time.
Further, this Division also makes recommendations for the appointment of Inquirers into Sudden Deaths, Justices of the Peace and Unofficial Magistrates, Commissioner for Oaths and Sworn Translators.
Provided project aid to 5 newly established Operations Co-ordination Centres of Language Associations in 2014
However, the Additional District Secretary of the Kandy District in a letter dated 25.11.2014, informed that the service of these officers is essential due to the Presidential Election and therefore, the programme should be postponed until a response is received from him with reference to this in due course.
Day to day financial & non-financial activities are reviewed regularly by the Internal Audit Department of the Company.
The certificates were awarded on the same day to 13 students who completed the Certificate Course on Occupational Safety and Health in 2012, under the patronage of Hon. Minister Gamini Lokuge.
Providing assistance for the projects of five newly established Operations Co-ordination Centers for Language Associations in 2014 Under the first function, assistance was provided for the project presented by the Operations Co-ordination Centers for Language Associations in Eheliyagoda.
Reduction in the Sensitive Lists under South Asian Free Trade Agreement (Phase-III) and the proposal put forward by Bhutan, India, Maldives and Pakistan that peak tariffs on all products may be reduced from 0 to 5% by the year 2020, except for small number of tariff lines in the sensitive list
The district experiences rainy weather from November to February, with an average annual rainfall of 1400 mm.
When importing cement, obtaining letters of credit from the Bank of Ceylon on a loan basis, the interest payable on the importation of cement is treated as a direct cost and is included in the cost of sale, resulting in a gross loss.
(i) construction of 220/33 kV Grid Substation at Kerawalapitiya
It is for a tomorrow, that shows the excellence of that public service.
750 copies of the book “Moovar Thamilum Saivanerium” consisting 40 research essays in 644 pages were printed and published.
Preparation of detailed Printed Estimates with relevant to all the Expenditure Heads with analytical data
101 newly recruited Grama Niladharis in the year 2014.
The Institute performed creditably during the year under review.
A training workshop on 'Markets and Payments for Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services' (BES) was conducted at the Sri Lanka Association for Advancement of Science (SLAAS).
Quarterly Progress of the Department of Community Based Correction
The objective of this project is to grant concessionary the loans under housing loan programme in order to raise wellbeing of the Ranaviru families economically and mentally.
02. Number of New cases added in the year 2015
Head works of the project was completed and His Excellency the president has declared the open of the project on 22nd November 2014.
Evaluation of pest and disease infestation in red onion cultivation
Second stage will be extending to a further period 2-3 year with large under takings.
07 reptile awareness programmes were held and provided valuable information of educational value to the public  participating in 02 major educational exhibitions during 2014.
Provide counseling services for raising the mental level of parents and family members
There were no material contingent liabilities as at end of the reporting period which require adjustments to or disclosure in the financial statements except legal claims arising in the ordinary course of business.
Accordingly, at the revision of electoral registers in 2015, multiple registrations among newly inserted names within the district, newly inserted names within the district and the names in the operative electoral register (2014) of the district, newly inserted names within the district and newly inserted names in all other districts, and newly inserted names within the district and the names in the operative electoral registers of all other districts were examined using methods to check the multiple registrations.
CSCL NVOCC services handled cargo from USA, Canada, UK and all European destinations, Scandinavian port, Russian ports, Brazil, Mexico, South Africa, Slovenia, Ukraine, Mediterranean, Arabian Gulf, Far East, East Asia, Australia, New Zealand & Indian sub continent ports etc.
However, the total advertising revenue had been decreased by Rs. 15,755,000 as compared with the preceding year, even though the Company had incurred an additional payment of Rs. 14,688,537 as incentive payments for the year under review and for the previous year.
Message from the Hon. Deputy Minister of Sports
5. As a contract manager of real estate (in the event of a guardian acting as a custodian, the custodian is only responsible for enforcing the decisions made from time to time by the “Board of Trustees” appointed for those trusts)
Investigating expenditure control mechanisms of the Authority and offering the necessary guidance.
DGM (Corporate Strategy and Promotional Activities)
10.2.5. Mr. H.R.P. Peris, Deputy Commissioner of Elections of Kalutara District, other Assistant Commissioners of Elections namely, Mr. P. Ragunathan (Gampaha), Mr. R.Saseelan (Batticaloa) and Mr. S.W. Welgama (Trincomalee) together with Mr. W.A. Ranjan Nishantha, Assistant Director of Information Technology (Acting) of the Elections Secretariat participated in the Training on Election Management held in India from 15.09.2015 to 25.09.2015.
3.0 Present Status of the Projects Implemented by Irrigation Department
The Export-Import Bank of India provides loan assistance, while the Government of India provides grants under Special Development Projects and Small Development Projects.
Awareness creating programme for public officers in Nuwara Eliya district
After creating awareness among participants with regard to the Official Languages Policy, a discussion with regard to the problems faced by officers when implementing the Official Languages Policy and remedies that can be given for said problems, was held.
218.7 million has been paid in installments for these 6 contracts.
Senior Project Director (Puttalam Coal Power Project)
Project on Electronic Licenses (Revenue Licensing Project) held on 30.07.2015 at the Batticaloa District Secretariat
Part-time Training programs conducted for public officers
Repair and Maintenance of Computers
Maintenance of a buffer stock of 100,000 MT of rice as per the Cabinet Memorandum dated 27.08.2008
This can also be introduced as a very convenient and attractive Service Station which addresses and fulfills the General Public's requirements quickly by taking necessary action using Modern Technology.
We will relentlessly pursue clearly defined strategies to advance our market leadership and sustain profitability and growth, while giving priority to national interest.
The draft Feasibility Study reports were exchanged during the second meeting of the JWG on Trade held in Colombo during September 2014 and agreed to finalize and validate the draft with stakeholders of respective capitals.
Lawyer's fees paid to external lawyers for those cases amounted to Rs. 1,449,340.
Table 2 – The Time Analysis of Lease payments
Organizing awareness programs for residents of condominium property and individuals associated with the sector
On this basis, 1300 words have been arranged in electronic version and provided for the 1st printing.
ii) Income from the issuance of certificates which is the main source of income of the Authority has declined by 40% compared to previous year.
With effect from 17.08.2015, the power to approve property/ housing and vehicle loans has been delegated to the relevant Heads of Departments and High Court Judges.
The prime factors that affects an Institute's success is its organisational structure, duties, and the manner in which its responsibilities and powers have been distributed.
In addition, a training program has been conducted for 73 Ministry officials (Sinhala and Tamil) to create a regional pool of Trainers for the Ministry.
We made arrangements to gather information from Ranaviru community  regarding the two prime programmes namely Ranaviru community  Federation and the annual awareness programme under this action, information in respect of community  office bears and community  accounts was collected.
Out of that, 242 applications were program transfers and 1,347 were project transfers
Southern Expressway Extension - Section I
Allocation and Release of Criteria Based Grant 2010 – 2014
The Ministries of Public Administration and Home Affairs, Education, Mass Media and Information, Health, Law and Order and Youth Affairs and Skills Development are given a more prominent place in fulfilling this task.
In addition, the OPEC Fund for International Development has agreed to provide USD 17 million for the Western Provincial Road Development Project and USD 60 million for the rehabilitation of the Badulla-Chenkaladi A5 Road in order to make a significant contribution to the Government's infrastructure development program.
Accordingly, it is planned to conduct 05 classes for Level I, 60 classes for Level II, 174 classes for Level III, and 26 classes for Level IV in the year 2015 at an estimated cost of Rs. 20,083,200.00.
The current position under the legislation governing the Board is that the Board of Directors is accountable to the Ministry who is then accountable to the Parliament in the usual way.
To provide consultancy services on surveying for the state agencies
With the approval of the cabinet, a call has been made about the necessary engineering activities requesting  estimates, plans and creations to build the required balance of 14 storeys within a year.
Launching programs together with the Galu Pura Bodhu Sawiya organization focusing on Galle City on behalf of Wesak and Poson full moon poya days.
The Economic Development Cooperation Fund of the Export-Import Bank of Korea has agreed to provide assistance to achieve this objective by granting US $ 58,155,000 and US $ 20,530,000 respectively for the Deduru Oya Water Supply Scheme and the Ruwanwella Water Supply Scheme.
Steps are underway for drafting legal documents, obtaining Cabinet approval and financial assistance for the establishment of a University to create police officers empowered in knowledge, attitude and skills.
The Documentary Unit is responsible of producing the “Sunday Ayubowan” program televised on every third Sunday of the month.
A detailed report in terms of Section 13 (7) (I) of the Finance Act was issued to the Chairman of the Authority on 09th May 2012.
Other debtor balance of Rs. 2,280,752,812 remained un-recovered for more than two years as at 31 December 2013.
Foreign Financial Commitments made in 2014
Under this scheme Sri Lanka has exported USD 19.17 million worth of goods to Mexico and Peru during the period of review.
By the end of December of that year, 78 of them had been investigated and addressed.
The Treasury issued guidelines to manage commitments which are being entered into by various spending agencies without having adequate provisions.
Recruitments for Positions during 2015
The Rose Garden is being established in the upper part of the garden and the installation of the water supply system for it has been completed.
Also, the transactions between the parties involved should be disclosed by disclosing the arrears required to understand the potential impact of the transaction information and financial statements.
h) Department of Public Enterprises (PED) exercised its authority granted by the guidelines/ circulars issued by MOFP in granting approvals to State Owned Enterprises (SOEs) for purchase of vehicles, foreign travels, budgetary provisions and cash releases.
In the face of changing life styles and varied circumstances of social, economic and political trends, introducing amendments to the Ordinance has become a dire necessity in order to strengthen the operation of the Police Department.
Ensuring the enforcement of the law to all and sundry fairly
4. Undertaking contracts of decentralized budget projects approved by the Department of Local Government.
Development of Infrastructure Related to the Handloom Sector
Long term transmission development studies are carried out according to a 10 year rolling plan in order to accommodate new requirements and demands in the transmission system.
This is a separate department for services.
Demarcating Canal Reservation - Gal Oya (LB) Scheme
Annual Performance Report and Accounts 2014
In view of making 35 per cent provision for doubtful debtors out of the sundry debtors amounting to the 52,440,000  it was observed that the debt recovery control of the Corporation had been at a weak level.
The general public who are interested in physical fitness
The second section of this report produces the progress of development activities implemented under the Commerce Sector of the Ministry.
The recorded maximum peak demand during the year 2013 was 2,164.2 MW at 7.00 pm on the 08th of April.
To maintain an easy course of activities for the development processes in the district.
Adjustments for Depreciation in the previous years
Fifty applications were received from Arab schools, out of which five were clerics (Imams) for the three-month course on Islamic Sharia education at Al-Azhar University in Egypt, and 10 Arab students were selected for the undergraduate course in Islamic education (Moulavi).
This course which was started at the end of the year 2012 and was successfully completed during the year 2013.
Inquiring the public petitions raised against the authorities who implement the Fauna and Flora Protection Ordinance is also another function of this division.
Successfully conducted the 2nd Annual South Asia Bio-safety Conference
Prof. Wimaladharma Abeyewickreme  (Up to 31st January 2013)
13.Review the annual Procurement Plan, Action Plan and Corporate Plan
3. In calculating the benefits of each foreign exchange in rupees and US dollars, the exchange rates corresponding to the date of each return are used.
Conducting Ven. Wariyapola Sri Sumangala Thero Memorial Essay Competition.
The proposed project is expected to create a large number of jobs and will undoubtedly contribute to the reduction of rural poverty and malnutrition.
The theme of the year was 'Island Biodiversity'.
Amendment on the Court of Appeal (Appellate Procedure Rules)
These law students are required to spend six months apprenticeship under a senior lawyer with a minimum of eight years of experience before applying to the Supreme Court to be sworn in as an Attorney-at-Law.
Advance to suppliers – local purchase (Institute)
Accordingly, International Construction Consortium (ICC), the contractor entered into two loan agreements with Commercial Bank and Hatton National Bank to obtain a loan of Rs. 103 billion.
Several methods for the public to forward their complaints, suggestions, allegations, and grievances are being followed by the Ministry has joined hands with the Department of Police.
Information Technology (Sinhala and English)
Office of the Waqf Tribunal - The Waqf Tribunal consists of three members appointed by the Judicial Commission.
Awarding scholarships from the income gained by the trusts established with the view of encouraging skilled children with financial difficulties who are engaged in studies
The Audit of the financial statements of the Sri Lanka Handicrafts Board for the year ended 31 December 2012 comprising the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2012 and the comprehensive income statement, statement of changes in equity and cash flow statement for the year then ended and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information, was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with section 13(1) of the Finance Act, No.38 of 1971 and Section 64(3) of the National Crafts Council and Allied Institution Act, No.35 of 1982.
Also, steps have been taken to provide a better market opportunity for the products made in textile villages by establishing coordination networks between buyers and weavers.
64. Conservation and sustainable use of microbial diversity
Head of the Department, Department of Applied Sciences, University of Sri Jayewardenepura
The Ceylon Electricity Board has been identified that since the Kelaniya Grid Substation has to meet heavy demand, it has a difficulty in providing reliable, uninterrupted power supply to Kelaniya and its suburbs.
09. Training Program on Human Resource Development
Rehabilitation of Periyamadhu Tank - Irrigation Department (Local Government)
10. Mercantile Investments and Finance
In order to strengthen the knowledge of the police officers in international methodologies, 155 officers of various ranks have been sent to 79 countries for overseas training.
Galle District which is called the Capital of the Southern Province, is bounded on the north by Kalutara and Rathnapura Districts, on the east by Matara District and on the west by the Indian Ocean and is extended within an area of about 1651.6 sq. km.
2. Letters Regarding  ratifications and Appointments   -  196
A one day workshop in the participation of the representatives from all related institutions presided over by the former Minister in charge of the Ministry, Hon. John Amaratunga was hence conducted on 06.06.2015 at the Sri Lanka Institute of Development Administration in a bid to make necessary policy decisions for the purpose.
Arrangements are being made to carry out some cultivation on this land at present.
3. Foreign Training for National Sports Associations
Consultant Radiologist, National Cancer Institute, Maharagama
Evaluated efficacy of insecticides against shoots and pod borer (Leucinodes Orbonalis) at Regional Agricultural Research and Development Centre, Kilinochchi.
Developing those who are under community orders mentally through psychological counseling
This certification status was maintained continuously for the 6th consecutive year.
Agreements attained with Other Countries
Building a just and law-abiding society
1. Construction of Archives Room and Case record room at Hingurakgoda District / Magistrate Court
The budgetary allocation and expenditure under different votes are presented in Table 1.1.3.1.
Providing library equipment to G/ Uswatuna Hasana Vidyalaya of Four Gravets Divisional Secretariat area and Bataduwa Ratanajothi Vidyalaya of Akmeemana Divisional Secretariat area and G/ Nawungala Primary School in Yakkalamulla Divisional Secretariat area for the purpose of providing the knowledge and promoting social cohesion among school children.
The Ministry of Botanical Gardens and Public Recreation was established in February 2013 and currently operates.
This is a small section from the autobiography of the world’s oldest aboriginal man, Henanigala, the chief of Vaddahs.
The ensuing chapters will describe the progress achieved by the under-mentioned institutions during that period under the guidance and supervision of the Ministry.
A medium voltage capacitor installation program is carried out to improve voltage, local injection of reactive energy (VAr), loss reduction, etc.
Accordingly, in 2013, the Northern Provincial Centre was established in Kilinochchi, while the Centre for Sabaragamuva province was established in Kuruwita.
At the beginning first of November 2007 the Institute was functioning at No. 310, Galle Road, Colombo 3 as it came under the preview of the Ministry of Constitutional Affairs and National Integration.
This area was extended to Wilgamuwa, Yatawaththa, & Matale Divisional Secretariats under phase II of the project after responses from different stakeholders during awareness program and considering the out puts of the phase I.
Implement a strategic plan to build an efficient skills development system by 2020 to meet the demand of the local and overseas job market.
Similarly, the reason for the decline in condominium certificate targets was studied and action was taken to hold discussions with the relevant institutions.
The Institute has expended a total of Rs 2,396,104.00 in respect of these programs in 2015.
For this, an 8-hour shift during the day will cost Rs. 600.00.
In keeping with our goal of establishing a wider readership and effective dissemination of news, we have regularly updated our correspondent and agency network to ensure wider coverage and distribution.
The Government of Japan has made a major contribution to the development of the National Highways and Expressways in Sri Lanka to improve the road network of Sri Lanka.
Two (02) okra lines, OKS 1 and OKS 3 were identified for the next Varietal Adaptability Trials.
The first 29 km of LB Main canal in Wariyapola D.S division has been completed.
02. Establishment of the Election Commission instead of the Department of Elections
A number of Officers from Vidatha Centres have been trained as teachers with various technical knowledge on various techniques such as Ginger Products of which Ginger Dehydration was Increased, Herbal Balm and Oil Production.
First Place - Deputy General Manager(Sabaragamuwa) office and Kuruwita Consumer Service Centre
A training programme was held on social integration to empower and strengthen thirty (30) selected women leaders from the Monaragala and Killinochchi districts.
10.2.1. Mr. J. A. S. P. Jayasinghe and Mr. P. R. N. H. Ratnayake, Assistant Commissioners of Elections of the Elections Secretariat participated in the program of Training of Trainers on Election Management held in Nepal from 18.01.2015 to 28.01.2015.
Asst. General Manager (Operations & Maintenance)
Taking measures to publish quarterly newspaper titled “Sahadhipathya” and raising awareness about this law among all stake holders of the condominium sector through the newspaper.
To be the flagship broadcaster of all Sri Lankans.
Site surveying in the Northern Province and identification of new locations for the installation of a repeater station
The vessel - Lanka Muditha has been classified as held for sale during the reporting period 2012 as resolved by the Board to sell.
The Auditors of Lanka Coal Company (Pvt) Ltd had issued a qualified opinion on the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2013 based on the following observations.
The Production Services Division takes the forefront in providing creative services required for all productions of Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation both in studio and at external locations.
The 2015 action plan was designed to spend 10% in the first quarter, 50% in the 2nd quarter, 80% in the 3rd quarter and 100% in the 4th quarter.
Hindu and Buddhist students, teachers, parents and priests  get together in one place and exchange their opinions which lead to knowledge about the arts, culture and traditions of each community.
Functions enabled by the system
Complaints received by these services in 2014 ran into 1,450 and of it 1,309 complaints have been investigated and redress provided.
As in previous years, with the aim of including all eligible voters in the electoral list, more attention was paid to identify groups that were obstructing them and to register them as voters.
Financial Progress of the Social Integration and Ethnic Affairs Division
I will take steps to obtain Cabinet approval when making a donation in the future.
Financial Assistance for Aranery School (Polonnaruwa) and Building for Oottady Pilliyar
Total expenditure of the Zoo Development Fund is Rs.802.88 million.
The details of the approved ‘B’ account of the Public Officers of this Department for the year 2015 are given below.
Spending funds only for declared activities within approved limits
The Kuliyapitiya Labour Tribunal was provided with the necessary guidance and resources to obtain the Special Merit Award for Office Methods in the same competition.
Administration of labour tribunals and any other Matters relating thereto
Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated in this category or not classified in any of the other categories.
58 Cabinet Memoranda have been submitted with Hon. Minister’s Signature seeking approval of the Cabinet of Ministers.
Measures were set in motion to foster religious sentiments by way of contributing towards the Church Programs associated with the Lent such as the issuance of Easter Supplementary and the organization of an Easter Mass, with a view to observing the period of Lent and the feast of Easter more meaningfully.
1. Promoting Spiritual Development and Values
Broom/ Besom Making, Weaving, Blacksmith, Carpentry, Textile, Laundry, Masonry, Bakery, Soap Making, Soap Making, Mechanic
This responsibility includes: designing, implementing and maintaining internal controls relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements.
For this election, 626,953 postal voting applications were received and 541,452 applications out of them were accepted.
Kotahena Land Acquisition and Lake House Property Development (Pvt) Ltd, Land and Land Development Cost Represented by Freehold Property.
The forum was spearheaded by the Arthur C. Clarke Institute for Modern Technologies, an Institution that has the mandate to introduce modern technologies to the country also serves as the national space technology hub.
An income of Rs.755,712 has been earned from the Gymnasium during the year 2012.
The new Ministry with a specific profile commenced its activities as from 21.09.2015 under the name of Ministry of Law and Order and Prison Reforms.
Mrs. P.S.D. Fernando (Audit Officer) Head Office
5.14 The Commissioner of Elections issued media guidelines to government media and other media to avoid discriminations, which could affect the parties and candidates, when broadcasting news and other programmes and the Commissioner of Elections took steps to summon heads of electronic and print media to discuss about the use of media in holding a free and fair election.
9:1 National Literary Arts Awards - 2012
(b) Due to the application of SLFRSs, revaluation loss of Vessel - Lanka Muditha, recognized in capital reserve has been transferred to retained earnings.
Senior Officials of the Department of Commerce including the Director-General of Commerce of the Department of Commerce were appointed as members of the Committee.
The Infrastructure Division of the Ministry of Justice performs a number of important functions such as construction, repair, maintenance and land acquisition of new court complexes and judges' quarters required for the judicial system.
It has been able to take action against 94% of reported excise offenses in 2012.
Organization of Rupavahini and Radio programmes with the participation of Senior Treasury Officials in order to make the Public aware of news trends in the local economy.
Handicraft Technology (Bamboo and Coconut)
Establishment and promotion of School Level Language Circles and Implementation of School Programmes through these Language Circles.
6. Appeals in terms of Section no 5.10.2. of  the Co-operative Establishment procedure   -   02
Construction of stormwater drainage - St.Xavier's Girl's National Collage Mannar
04. Accounting Policies 09 - 12
3. Deputy Minister of Finance
Sri Lanka has been identified as one of the top 34 biodiversity hotspots in the world.
Amawaka Poya Day Religious Programme in June
Department of Sports Development maintains and controls this place.
Accordingly, instructions were given to all District Registering Officers/ Government Agents as well as to Deputy/ Assistant Commissioners of Elections to afford the priority to low income persons living in urban areas, people living in urban high rise apartments, people living in rented / leased houses, people migrating to urban areas in search of employment, Tamil speaking people who were serving in plantation industry and related jobs in Colombo, Kalutara, Galle and Matara Districts of Central, Uva and Sabaragamuwa Provinces and, internally displaced persons living in other areas of the Island due to actions of militant groups in Northern and Eastern Provinces and mentally sick people who had been cured but continued to stay in Mental Hospitals due to non-acceptance by their relatives.
The following functions are performed to maintain an optimum nutritional status of all the athletes.
To enhance the diversity in the variability of onion, mutations were induced by chemical means.
I would also like to thank the staff of the Ministry, the agencies affiliated to the Ministry and the officials of the projects for their support throughout the year.
Four areas were selected for each of the two geospatial information samples (two images were obtained for the study) by analyzing each sample using the following three steps.
As a result of making representations to the Ministry of Public Administration, 20 persons were allocated to the Department from the new recruitments of Public Management Assistants’ Service of the year 2015 to fill such vacancies.
Report of the Auditor General on the Financial Statements of the Sri Lanka Cement Corporation for the year ended 31 December 2012 in terms of Section 14 (2) (c) of the Finance Act No. 38 of 1971.
Spearheading as the foremost government institution in the process of responding effectively to the administration of justice and fairness for Sri Lanka and all its people.
January - Dietary reports (Individual) -11
Capacity Development Workshop for the Social Services Officers/ Social Development Assistants/ Development Officers in Puttalam, Matale, Polonnaruwa, and Anuradhapura
During the early planting, soya variety MISB 1 and maize line CML 348 recorded the highest pollen fertility.
(d) Payments - Rs. 404,700/-
In addition, the Greater Colombo Urban Transport Development Project includes the development of three townships in Makumbura (Kottawa), Kaduwela and Kadawatha areas with necessary infrastructure facilities such as road, water and electricity to achieve the maximum benefits of the project.
The selection of places for tree planting were done by the Divisional Secretaries and District Forest Officers at Divisional Secretariat level.
02. Obtaining assistance of consultants of outside institutions
In addition thereto, the Amendment Act No. 29 of 1999 expanded this concession by enabling the Board to intervene in respect of transfer deeds executed purely for a loan transaction, resulting in further expansion of its relief support.
Four workshops with two Groups each were conducted for O/L and A/L students of Ambalngoda Dharmashoka and Prajapathy Gothami Colleges and Lunugala Madya Maha Vidyalaya and Yapamma Dhamminda Vidyalaya.
This function is held in May annually.
(c) Even though the plans for the enhancement of the performance of the Corporation for the year 2012 included the import of 400 cement containers per month, the construction of a new building in the land at Kollupitiya, the increase of construction of cement posts by the Kankesanthurai Factory up to 3,000 per year and the construction of a new cement packaging factory at Kankesanthurai; none of those targets had been achieved even by the end of the year under review.
The post of Commissioner of Official Languages is held by the Head of Department of Official Languages, which is situated at  “Bhasha Mandiraya”341/7, Kotte Road, Rajagiriya.
The additional fund requirements, especially for accommodating unforeseen incidents such as floods, draughts etc were addressed, managing the reallocation of funds within the approved expenditure ceiling, without submitting a Supplementary Estimate to Parliament.
However, Transmission Division had charged lease interest equally  every month.
Ten meetings were conducted in the year 2015 with 19 Divisional Secretaries in the District in order to give necessary guidance and advise continuously as the Head of Steering the Divisional Administration.
Awareness on Timber Cutting Permits (Divisional Secretariat, Niyagama)
20 Sri Lanka Port Shipping Service Employees' Co-operative Bank 07
The Authority offered solutions to over 25 such complaints in the year 2011 and some complaints are still being investigated.
After a field inspection of the digital data, 10 sheets of data were sent to the Geographic Information Systems Division for inclusion in the 50k database.
9: 2 All Island School Drama Competition - 2012 Provincial Round Judging
However, the bulb size was smaller compared to the bulbs harvested in a normal cultivation season.
In 2013, ITI launched two products - bottled king coconut water and Omega-3 eggs, were launched.
3. To ensure the ownership of a permanent house to each Ranaviru family
I will make use of the budget for the year 2012 as an effective management and control agent.
Obtain assistance from Private Medical Development Division of the Ministry of Health with regard to implementation of the abovementioned recommendations.
If this rehabilitation will not be done followings objectives might be failed and high damage may occur.
Progress of offering self employment assistance – District wise
Formulated the Budget for 2015 in line with the Government Development Policy Framework within Medium Term Expenditure Framework 2015-2017
It is expected to award International Support Consultancy contract (ISC) to a well-recognized international risk modeling firm to work with local counterpart staff of IAs for developing basin investments plans for 10 basins.
Mannar City, Nanattan, Musali, Madhu and Manthai West Collection
The disclosed amount includes only the minimum lease payments.
Hardware Recovery and Minor Consultancies
Introduction of Hero Motor-Cycles by Abans on easy payment terms
District Returning Officers were informed to instruct  all officers in the district to report to the polling stations before 2.00 p.m. on the day prior to the election day using public transport services and the polling staff who came from other districts and the staff, who had to report to remote polling stations where public transport facilities could not be obtained, reported to the relevant polling stations in the afternoon on 16.08.2015 using transport facilities provided by the Returning Officers.
Continued low inflation enabled the Government to ease monetary policy further during the year to facilitate economic activity.
The outcome of the seminar was to prepare a more effective notification process by the participants, to take advantage of the special and differential treatment provisions and technical assistance.
79 accessions of cluster onion were evaluated according to their morphological and quality characters.
2.1.4 table: - Extent of land cultivated in medium scale irrigation schemes during the 2015 Yala season
The Ministry of National Languages and Social Integration initiated the National Policy for Social Integration since there wasn’t a policy in the country.
The Director General of the Rubber Development Department is the ex-officio Chairman of this Board.
The allocated cost was Rs. 300,000/- in the year 2014 and Rs. 111,017/- has been spent for the programme.
Development Activities of Floriculture and the Development Division
The details pertaining to the training of Elderly Home Caregivers in the year 2012 stated below.
As a result of full production in 2010,  2,117 Nos. Concrete Poles and 4,505 Nos. "Pannal" Posts were produced, while in 2011, 1918 concrete pillars and 1892 "Pannal" pillars were produced.
All courses conducted by the University of Colombo Institute for Agro-Technology and Rural Sciences are blended with distance mode of teaching to provide opportunities of higher education to farming community across barriers of age, space, time and academic background.
Training session on modern measurement technology for officers of the Police Narcotics Bureau
Provision of information, photographs and videos required to enlighten the public about large scale development projects implement by the government throughout the country.
This program is implemented to prepare a dictionary gathering Tamil words used by Sri Lankan Tamils.
58 Divisional Offices are housed in leased buildings and the Department has to undertake the task of the construction of new buildings.
Copyright fees paid to acquire telecast rights of programmes (either local or foreign) & cost of produced programmes (teledramas, motion pictures, films & etc) that meet the triple criteria of being able to identify, control & existence of future economic benefits as defined in LKAS 38
a. Grant approval treating it as matter of policy, limiting it only for this occasion, to fill 50% of the existing vacancies in the post of Range Forest Officer by adhering to the provisions relating to internal promotions in the approved Scheme of Recruitment
Four separate regional offices, Protection & Centralized Service Unit, and a Hot Line Maintenance Unit have been established under the Transmission Operation & Maintenance branch to achieve the above mentioned objective.
Ensuring access to the Sports Talents Project
1. Uplifting the welfare and development activities of the people of Galle District by organizing local and foreign funded projects and programs implemented by various Departments, Corporations, Boards and Authorities in the District, providing financial and non-financial resources and acting as the coordinator of the follow up actions.
Many plans were made planning the land use in the Mannar district.
Bellow mention is the attending of public grievances and complaint received from Head Office and the Resident Project Managers Offices are as follows.
01. Total Expenditure for the year 2014
Maintenance fund of Serpentine Government Housing Scheme
Publishing of Sri Lanka Legal Reports is done by the Legal Division.
At the time of applying for the loan, vouchers are prepared immediately after receiving the application forms for this purpose and are recorded in the festival advance register, but the payments are made thereinafter.
Accrued Expenses and other Expenses
Immigration and Emigration Unit (deals with cases filed under the Immigration and Emigration Act)
R.L.T. - Registration of Land Title
Judicial and Legal Training Institute, Malaysia
Further, agreements were signed with the employees of Prima Pvt. Ltd for 182 houses at Dhanyagama Housing Complex in 2014.
Clinics & Training Programmes of the Social Participation Programme conducted by the EU Project & Swiss Embassy Funded Projects.
Eksath Lanka Maha Sabha Party
The Finance Commission will use a statistical methodology for this.
08 Education Department Employees’ Co-operative Thrift & Credit Society Ltd.
The proceedings of this Board are different from those of an ordinary court of law.
Partially burnt paddy husk (PBPH) is used in rice cultivation to reduce salinity in paddy fields.
One is to create awareness among public with regard to the Official Languages Policy and to create a public demand for bilingual public service.
Steps were taken by Official Languages Commission to establish language circles with a long term objective of generating a trilingual environment in Sri Lanka through developing knowledge, attitudes and understanding of school children with regard to the Official Languages Policy.
The Board of Directors is also responsible to create value for its shareholders and stakeholders through actions that are in compliance with laws and regulations and to promote a culture that rewards integrity, transparency, fair dealings, and accountability.
According to the above table 469 doctors have been trained through the 08 Tamil Language classes and the total cost was Rs. 3, 606,579/- for this programme.
(-) Cost of Materials & Bought in services
The estimated cost of these 16 packages is Rs. 3,167 million.
Kurunegala-Disable Children’s Empowering Program “Apen Obata Athwelak” in Kurunegala (five selected Divisional Secretariats in the District)
Actions were being followed up to take the redelivery of the ship from the defaulting Charterer.
The prices of such items are collected once a month.
The final audit of the year 2014 has been studied and the Management Audit Report has been submitted to the Ministry of Sports on 09 September 2015 by the Auditor General's Department.
As bills of contracts be carried out using funds granted by the Treasury in the year 2007 for the renovation of housing schemes had not been certified, the total amount of money apportioned by the NHDA had to be shown in advance account.
About 70.5% of men are engaged in the above economic activities.
In addition, the political leaders who provided political leadership for the Divisional Coordinating Committee meetings and  the District Coordinating Committee meetings is greatly appreciated too.
The Secretary to the Ministry of Justice is the convener of the Cabinet	Sub Committee on Legislation and consequently the analysis and recommendations at the official level is done at the Ministry of Justice.
1.10 Groundwater Assessment of Kelani Ganga Basin (Rs. 2.0 Million)
Jointly organized by the National Television Corporation and the Tower Hall Theater Foundation.
The Lighting Sri Lanka - Hambantota Project is the very first Rural Electrification project to provide 100% electrification to a district in Sri Lanka.
However, the size of the repair needs of the packages increased due to the damage of floods in 2014 and 84 additional packages valued at Rs. 2,305 million were identified.
Launching and distribution of quarterly journal “Condominium”
Courses such as dancing, music, computer science, pre-schools and English language studies are used in this regard.
In addition, preliminary discussions have been initiated with agencies in Israel and Abu Dhabi with the aim of developing bilateral relations with Middle Eastern countries.
The diagram below shows the sectoral distribution of the investments of the Asian Development Bank as on 31st December, 2014.
Introducing market-based creative designs through promotion, development, skills development, popularization and mainstream adaptation
Food Science Division includes four laboratories namely Food, Liquor, Milk and Water; and the Forensic Science Division consists of seven major disciplines as Forensic Ballistics Section, Serology Section, Toxicology Section, Explosives and Fire Investigation Section, Narcotic Drugs Section, Questioned Documents Section, and a Miscellaneous Section; totalling 11 subdivisions.
Approximately, around 40-50 calls per day are received on telephone no. '1949'.
Acting as a property manager for a convicted felon
Two Sri Lankans	convicted of offences in the United Kingdom have been transferred to Sri Lanka under the provisions of this Act to serve their term of imprisonment imposed upon them.
Collection is expected in the normal operating cycle of the business (within one year or less) and the receivables are classified as current assets.
Mr. D. G. G. S. Dayanath
At the Chilaw Educational Office Auditorium
After implementation of this project, it is expected to provide irrigation facilities for 325 acres paddy land in Maha season and 37 acres in Yala season.
Arthur C Clarke Institute for Modern Technologies (hereafter referred to as the “Institute”) was incorporated by the Science and Technology Development Act No.11 of 1994, and is situated at Bandaranayake Mawatha, Katubedda, Moratuwa.
Subsequently, the Management of the Authority carried out the following activities at the Race Course, which covers 34.564 hectares.
The total expenditure has increased by 7.8 percent or Rs. 190 billion in 2014 from Rs. 2,412 billion in 2013.
In the process of converting government policies into legislation, the Department drafts Bills to enact new legislation and to amend existing legislation and also revises the subordinate legislation submitted by various Government Ministries.
Laksala opened new showrooms at either side of Wellipenna Southern Expressway service stop area and a very modern attractive showroom with facilities for customers at newly refurbished Racecourse Complex in Colombo in the year 2012, in fulfilling its sales target.
Carrying out the administrative activities of all the officers other than the scheduled public officers appointed by the Judicial Service Commission and the departments under the Ministry.
Also, the lack of high-quality breed animals has led to decline the quality in this industry.
Uprooting of invasive plants in 593 hectares the under-habitat enrichment in reservation areas
The Ninth Conference of the World Nuclear University (WNU)
Loan assistance has been provided through the Economic Development Cooperation Fund of the Export-Import Bank of Korea (Exim Bank) since 1990 and grants of the Government of Korea are provided by the Korean International Cooperation Agency (KOICA).
Review queries made by	Auditor	General’s Department and ensure corrective measures have been taken.
First Quarter - Training and Awareness Programs
The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on the financial position and performance.
Provision of international standard services and facilities to National and International festivals, workshops, training courses, body building courses, swimming and lifesaving courses, shows and meetings.
Various social, economic awareness programs were performed by utilizing provisions obtained by different Line Ministries and Departments representing all the Divisional Secretariats in the Galle District.
Vasuliya – magazine programme aimed at youth.
Coordination activities on requests of tamed baby elephants and other wild animals
6.2. The Commissioner of Elections could not issue the notice regarding the recognition of political parties in the year 2015 too, as legal proceedings related to elections to Pudukudiiruppu and Maritimepattu Pradeshiya Sabhas in Mullaitivu District were pending.
Workshops for the District Social Services Officers
To augment the application of modern methods of technology for maintaining law and order
Rs. 87,000/- allocated for the entire programme and the cost of Rs. 11, 200/- was spent in this year for this activity.
Rs.3.7M was invested in licensing Liberty Software.
Short term Language Training Courses for newly recruited government officers( Doctors, Officer in All Island Services and Other Professionals)
However, no arrangements have been made to distribute these concrete pillars to the beneficiaries.
There are seven (7) independent Private Power Producers supplying a total of 771 MW thermal power to the CEB.
Though all cash inflows and outflows should be recorded, a sum of Rs 42 million had not been brought to the cash flow statement.
In 2014, 34 students who received vocational training in the North-Western Provincial Department of Small Industries and 16 students who received vocational training in the Central Provincial Department of Small Industries were given Entrepreneurship Development Training.
I am proud to state that we were able to achieve the significant role expected from our department according to the government policies during 2014 in an efficient and productive manner.
This salt is in a good condition (99.5 Nacl) compared to the salt in other parts of the country.
The resulting difference between the brought forward provision at the beginning of a year and the carried forward provision at the end of a year is dealt with in the income statement.
GDP grew in nominal terms by 14.5% to US dollars 67 billion, raising GDP per capita to US dollars 3,280 in 2013.
1. Augmentation of Grid Substations for Absorption of Renewable Project - Phase II
From 1946 to 1955, a separate Department under a Commissioner of Elections was run for the registration of the electors and to conduct Parliamentary Elections and another separate department under a Commissioner of Elections was run to hold Local Authority Elections.
Some other officers of Public Management Assistants’ Service namely, Ms. G. W. S. B. Samaradasa of Galle Elections Office, Ms. R. G. P. R. Rajapaksha of Gampaha District Elections Office, Mr. K. K. T. Ratnayake of Kalutara Elections Office and Ms. H. V. C. Karunaratne and members of the Office Employees Service namely, Mr. G. H. C. Attanayake of Galle Elections Office and Mr. A. P. Jayasena of Ratnapura Elections Office retired during the year 2015.
Therefore, it is evident that, apart from commercial printing the group turnover has been increased.
Lecturer, Faculty of Fisheries and Marine Sciences and Technology, University of Ruhuna
Provisions will be made for the project proposals received from the Teaching Hospital of Mahamodara in Galle, Police Station of Nuwara-Eliya and Base Hospital of Trincomalee in the next year.
Short Term Languages Training Courses for newly recruited government officers (Doctors, Officer in All Island Services and Other Professionals)
Providing allowances to the trainees in the voluntary Institutions that are supported with financial assistance by the Department of Social Service
Accession received from Bangladesh was crossed with local parent and F1 seeds were obtained.
Under most circumstances, providing credit facilities beyond the credit period is unavoidable.
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction.
4.3) PEACE Project After Care Program is being conducted in 21 selected Farmer Organization in Rajanganaya, Nachchaduwa, Nuwarawewa, Thissawewa, Palukadawala, Atharagolla, Ambakolawewa, Magalla major irrigation scheme and Hulugalla, Moragoda anicut, Mahananneriya, Mahagalgamuwa, Uttiimaduwa, Mameniyawa medium irrigation scheme.
Guest Lectures on “Modern Trends in Case Management and Judicial conduct in Contemporary Times” by the Hon. Justice John Clifford Wallace, Senior Judge and Chief Judge Emeritus of the United States Court of Appeal, were conducted.
The elders, especially those in need, living in the Western Province, have been given the valuable opportunity to obtain their services.
When a particular child violates a maintenance payment given by the Maintenance Board, there is the possibility of getting the maintenance order enforced by the Magistrate Court in accordance with Section 32 of the Act.
Financial Assistance for Aranery School Building under “Deyata Kirula” Programme
This is drafted to minimize delays in litigation.
"Srikandikuning" and "Sukumaraga" (Indonesian varieties) recorded significantly lower yields compared to "Pacific".
The “Zoo Week” was held by the Dehiwala National Zoo for the third time from 8th to 12th December.
Athletes are involved in these tests, depending on the needs of the teams or the needs of the organization.
1.3.1. Various programmes conducted at Provincial Levels
To increase the rate of contribution of the assistance of the Police Special Task Force to the Department of Police by 10%
The main components of the project are the Main dam, Diversion dam, Headrace tunnel, Diversion Tunnel, Surface Power Station, Switchyard, and Transmission Line.
Money was spent on welfare services in the year 2011 with the approval of the Management Board according to the budget containing provisions for 05 areas of the authority and the media.
The Department carried out 6 programmes in line with the 2014 Deyata Kirula National Development Exhibition with the intention of contributing to the national development process.
Despite difficulties, the Project was completed on schedule and was ceremonially inaugurated by His Excellency the President on September 14, 2013.
Amendment to Partition Law, to include the right of a “Paraveni nilamakkaraya” to institute an action for partition or sale of a share or any of the lands in that portion.
I feel it as a great privilege to issue this message as the Minister in charge of the subject of labour on account of the report which depicts the progress and the services rendered towards both employee and employer sectors in Sri Lanka by the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health that comes under Ministry of Labour and Labour Relations, at the committee stage of the Budget Debate.
Granting scholarships to 60 university undergraduates
In addition to the above-mentioned network development works, the Southern Provincial Office has undertaken line shifting work of Road widening projects, especially in the Hambantota and Southern Railway Project.
(b) 1.5 km double circuit twin Zebra line from Polpitiya to New Polpitiya
This includes 82 comprehensive, achievable and measurable strategies and 375 activities.
Through field experience, Internal Audit staff had been trained to handle the situation properly.
The Company obligation in respect of Defined Benefit Plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period.
The introduction of a new system enabled the process of investigation to be expedited.
This programme is meant to evaluate the skills of children of hose dead or missing, disabled and in service war heroes and their siblings .
Hezanite Property Developers (Pvt) Ltd
132 kV towers are being constructed from Mahiyanganaya to Vavunativu.
Consultant (Finance & Financial Management)
(Estimated figures included in the value of the electrification jobs – both capital and maintenance)
The new Chairman and the members were appointed with effect from 05th August 2014.
(a) Section 2 of the Nation Building Tax Act, No.9 of 2009 Nation Building Tax amounting to Rs. 6,850,515 that should have been remitted to the Commissioner General of Inland Revenue, had not been remitted.
Reconstruction of Nakiyadeniya Community Health Center in Yakkalamulla Divisional Secretariat Division with the objective of promoting social integration
Being the pioneer institute in Sports Education in Sri Lanka, the National Institute of Sports Science contributes a great deal to the betterment of sports by providing knowledge to the society.
This year we had to face a shortage of physical resources due to last year office fire.
About 27 industry engineers / technicians / managers participated in the event, earning an income of Rs. 405,000/=.
The revenue details collected by computer training and other services in the year 2014 are as follows.
5.9 Cultural Activities - 2015
Cash and cash equivalents are defined as cash in hand, demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments, readily convertible to known amounts of cash and subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
The Siyapatha Center and the Mahabodhi Center provided counseling to 2,236 people.
However, the Election Commission introduced by the Seventeenth Amendment was not established and the Commissioner of Elections was vested with the power to perform some functions of the Election Commission.
(a) In the newspaper industry, the returns are deducted at the news agency bill which is generated at the month end.
The budget had not been used as an effective instrument of management control as significant variances were observed between the budgeted figures and the actual figures.
The expectation of this effort is to build an inclusive society for all, nurtured by co-existence and wellbeing.
18. Mercantile Investments and Finance PLC
Ministry of Botanical Gardens and Public Recreation
Thereafter, he served as an Additional Commissioner of Elections of the Elections Secretariat from 01.11.2010 to 24.03.2011 and when Mr. Dayananda Dissanayake, the then Commissioner of Elections retired from the service on 24.03.2011, Mr. Mahinda Deshapriya assumed duties as the Sixth Commissioner of Elections of the Department of Elections on 25.03.2011.
A standard Budget Circular was not issued for the preparation of Budget Estimates for the year 2015.
Mr. Tilak Samarasekera served as Senior Deputy Director, Human Resources Department up to 30th November 2013
It is well known that it can be seen from a distance of about 10 nautical miles.
In 2013, the Commission received 156 complaints
Additional General Manager - (Distribution Division 4)
Granting necessary approval for capital expenditure exceeding Rs. 500,000/- in terms of the Finance Act No. 38 of 1971
The clearing of the forest and the construction of the road network for the ecological park have now been completed.
Repairs of 81 vehicles, each costing over Rs. 50,000.00 were done as follows.
Mr. W. R. W. M. Y. S. Bulumulla
5.	Grade II Jailor (Male)
Completion of answers for 02 Audit Queries raised by the Auditor General in 2015.
(10) Trade & Other Receivables
15. Mr. P. H. Siripala - Committee Member
06th of April each year is declared and celebrated island wide as the National Sports Day to coincide with the United Nations International Sports Day.
Design a system to collect and distribute statistical data required for decision making.
The District Land Office is engaged in the registration of documents and the details of the documents registered by this office in 2015 and the fees charged for them are given below.
Meeting the Challenges of the Climate Change
9.4.2. Mr. K. J. S. Madhawa, Class III of Sri Lanka Administrative Service who was serving in the Anuradhapura District Elections Office was appointed as the Assistant Commissioner of Elections of Kurunegala District Elections Office with effect from 02.04.2015.
Preparation of estimates, recommendation, supervision of constructions and granting approval for payments have been made.
The first programme of “Senehasaka Thaksalawa” was conducted in Anuradhapura for eighty (80)teachers in five education zones in Anuradhapura.
Another school for the Eastern province and 02 schools for Northern Province have been proposed.
Each month all three laboratories produce at about 15,000 tissue cultured banana plants for its nurseries.
(a) As a result of changing the impairment model and basis, impairment provision for trade receivables recognized under SLAS has been re-measured in compliance with SLFRSs and adjusted to retained earning at the date of transition.
The nnnual Pirith Ceremony and the Alms Giving were organized on 14th and 15th February as part of the Anniversary Celebrations.
Mr. E. A. Degin Singho
03. Mr. Jananath Warakagoda 17.08.2010 16.08.2013
Prior to that the Ministry was established under the Ministry of Public Administration, Provincial Councils and Local Government and Democratic Government by extra ordinary gazette no.1897/15 on 18.01.2015 and before 08.01.2015 the Ministry was established as the Ministry of National Languages and Social integration.
6. Project to Update the National Action Plan on the Stockholm Convention on Long-Term Organic Pollutants
The Halosulfuron-methyl 75% WG can be used to control sedges very effectively as a post-emergence herbicide at the rate of 80g/ha.
532 million were paid to the contractors as installments.
The Government of Sri Lanka has initiated various services in support of the disabled persons in Sri Lanka in line with this Act.
The Company Corporate Constitution is being finalized.
(16) Trade & Other Payables
In order to achieve these objectives, following tasks are undertaken by the Division.
Small and Medium Enterprise Development
We consider that the steps taken by the Ranaviru Sewa Authority to make its action plan more result-oriented for accomplishing its aim of meeting needs of war heroes is an achievement in 2011.
In the year 2014, Rs. 7 M have been provided for this program.
Of the Ex-co members appointed to the Board of Management, the Director General of Sri Lanka Public Utilities Commission established under the Public Utilities Commission Act No.44 of 2002 has been serving in the Board since December 2011.
Meetings Conducted in order to Improve the Efficiency of the Divisional Administration
Another workshop was held on 18th September 2014 to obtain expert advice in different fields.
04.12.2014 4/2014	Incur expenditure within the revised Budget Estimates for 2014
Harf Scholaship for technical & Educational Course
The CG that is required for News also complies with the unit.
Remuneration of other Key Management Personnel
(a) Sometimes the container should have 560 bags but in some cases, 1 or 2 bags are missing.
School Section (G.C.E.  Advanced Level)
Therefore, it is expected to achieve this target within the next consecutive years.
A magazine titled Salalihini Watha, released on 21.03.2012 in order to mark the 30th anniversary of Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation and that was a special contribution by the Documentary Unit.
Accrual Transport /rent Concessionary Loan Project
The district is observed to be socially and economically backward.
The divisional staff designed 02 units to automate the testing processes for testing of socket outlets and switches.
Deyata Kirula National Exhibition in 2014 was held in the Kuliyapitiya town.
The 9-storey complex will house the office of the Department of Muslim Religious and Cultural Affairs, the office of the Waqf Council of Sri Lanka, the office of the Waqf Tribunal, a fully equipped auditorium, a library, rooms for accommodation and a parking lot.
(a) As the expenditure incurred by the Kankasanthurai Cement Concrete Production and Sales Division exceeded the total income, losses had been incurred continuously.
With the objective of speeding up of the recovery of fines imposed and seeing to an increased collection of fines that add up to the government revenue apart from ensuring a facile payment system of fines in mind, plans are being drawn out for installation of an automated payment system for offences involving vehicles.
During the year 2013, this Power Plant transmitted 1,468.733 GWh to the power system.
It came into existence on 01 April 1998 by virtue of the Science and Technology Development Act No. 11 of 1994.
The lease includes a clause to enable upward revision of the rental charge.
This Course is conducted with the objective of empowering sports coaches and imparting knowledge on modern coaching techniques to coaches.
Note (11) - Revenue - Rupees
All foreign exchange transactions are converted to Sri Lanka Rupees, which is the reporting currency at the rates of exchange prevailing at the time.
Under this, giving aid for the programme to appreciate the Sinhala, Tamil and English poems written by Prof. Rajeeva Wijesinghe have been conducted.
Community Correction Officers and Work Inspectors
A discussion on the Development of Industries by Tourism in Batticaloa District was held at the District Secretariat under the patronage of the District Secretary, Mrs. P.S.M Charles, on 09.06.2015.
Shares of Housing Development Finance Corporation Bank
Identifying informal and traditional milk and dairy markets and introducing effective and appropriate market mechanism to formalize the markets
Sri Lanka Health Department's Thrift and Credit Co-operative Society Ltd.
(iv) Veyangoda-Thulhiriya 132 kV transmission line
Mr. S Merrick Gooneratne, Member Board of Governors
Introduction to cellular communication principles
Reprinting copies of the Language Guide Book
A Standard Operating Procedures was introduced by the Task Force to recruit, referral to a specialist for advice, and to improve security of the victims of human trafficking and it has been approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.
The aim of this effort is to identify the different self employment projects specified to some areas in the country and educate the interested Ranaviru families to  be engaged in them.
Summary of Program Expenditure for 2015
Pavilion facilities have been provided in this Outdoor Stadium with a seating capacity for about 10,000 spectators at a time.
An audit includes examining the evidence on a test basis supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
District Criminal Justice Case Flow Management Committees were established and implemented in Batticaloa, Ratnapura, and Anuradhapura.
During the year, 32 Research Scientists/ Engineers retired/ 11 resigned from service.
2. Mrs. N. K. Abeyrathne - Vice-Chairperson
National Council for Elders had 12 meetings  in the year 2013.
The construction of the entrance building, car park, and access zone were the major development activities carried out in the year 2014 and an amount of Rs. 165.42 million (Rs. 31.13 million from the GOSL Fund and Rs. 134.29 million from the Zoo Development Fund) was spent for its development activities during the year 2014.
The investigation into the fraud between the Central Bank of Sri Lanka and Hatton National  Bank
The value of total trade between the two countries, which stood at US $ 147 million in 2004, has increased to US $ 353.84 million in 2014.
The total amount of compensation paid for damaged houses
Accordingly, most of the commercial loans from Western countries have been used for accelerated and pre-development projects such as roads, bridges, and water supply and for the completion of social infrastructure projects such as hospital development and the improvement of health care facilities with the aim of providing quality, high-tech and reliable healthcare facilities to the people.
Prepared Using Aerial Photographs (2006-2007)
As a result the real cash flows of the Board had not been reflected from the statement of cash flow.
04. Supported the organizing work and participated in the distribution of three wheelers organized by the Disabled ranaviru welfare project.
Board Meeting & Committees Workshops, Seminars
Acting as a manager of the immovable property upon a contract on terms and conditions (The Guardian of Defense is solely responsible for enforcing decisions made from time to time by the “Board of Trustees” appointed to those trusts when posing as a Guardian of Defense)
In spite of the fact that there exists a large volume of construction needs to attend to and massive funding is also available for the Department of Police, an engineering unit equipped with systematic structure has become a dire necessity for the Police Department as its civil engineering work and the construction work have assumed a slow pace.
Tissue Cultured Embul banana is the leading banana variety produced by the Institute which represent about 97% from the total banana production.
Divisional Secretariat, Mundalama - Tamil Level 3
Examination of the financial records for the year under audit.
Not acting according to the Procurement Guidelines
That lottery had incurred an accumulated loss of Rs. 23,759,168 during the year under review and the 04 preceding years.
(c) Stocks of 2,244 items of the main stores valued at Rs. 6,238,467 remained idle and non-moving over periods exceeding 07 years.
3.4.2 Failure to carry out Maintenance and Repairs
The financial statements of the Project for the year ended 31 December 2017 required to be submitted to the Auditor General on or before 31 March 2018 as per the Ministry of Finance and Planning Circular No. MOFP/ERD/2007/2 dated 07 August 2007 had been submitted on 31 December 2018.
(a) Section 17of the Tobacco Tax Act, No. 8 of 1999
However, the water supply facilities had not been provided even up to 31 May 2019.
There were 72 projects on which the technology transfer packages had not been prepared, 73 projects on which technology transfers had not been made, 55 projects of which the research results are not being used, and 25 projects of which the technology is not being used.
2.1.1 Estimated Revenue, Actual Revenue and Arrears of Revenue
(d) In view of the failure to maintain adequate stocks of Samurdhi Instant lottery Tickets by placing orders in a timely manner, the gross income of the lottery for the preceding year amounting to Rs. 95,606,020 had decreased by Rs. 58,330,020 or 61 per cent to Rs. 37,276,000 in the year under review.
As a bail machine was not made available to bailing solid waste, the work of compacting had been carried out by the labourers by using hands but the work had not been carried out at an efficient level.
According to the Loan Agreement of the Project, then Ministry of Higher Education and Highways, presently the Ministry of Highways and Road Development and Petroleum Resources Development is the Executing Agency and Road Development Authority is the Implementing Agency of the Project.
(a) In the purchase of Backhoe loader by the Sabha at Rs.11,913,000 while rejecting the supplier who quoted the minimum price of Rs.10,500,000 as per the recommendation of the Technical Evaluation Committee, a sum of Rs.1,413,000 had been excessively paid.
Other income including the course income had remained at a lower level and as a result was not sufficient to cover the expenditure incurred for operating activities.
The officers concerned have been instructed to recover the outstanding after the receipt of relevant information.
(d) Treasury Circular No. IAI/2002/02 dated 28 November 2002 - No separate Fixed Assets Register had been maintained on computer, accessories and software.
Close supervision is needed on the activities implemented by the Promoter Company and Banks.
Therefore, reasons for rejection of applications which were rejected had not been subjected to evaluation according to the proper internal control procedure.
The balance stock of 10 kilogramme polysacks valued at Rs. 344,832 as at 31 October 2011 amounted to 28,736 and according to the annual requests that stock was adequate for the 24 ensuing years.  Despite that, a further stock of 12,500 bags had been purchased on 22 November 2011 at a cost of Rs. 125,000.
The value of the A340's spare parts (Peculiar) which was fully provided under the slow-moving inventory was Rs.783 Mn (Rs.793 Mn in 2018) and full allocations had been made for these stocks.
A photo copy machine and a laser printer had remained without being utilized for a period about 05 years.
The Project had commenced its activities on 05 May 2014 and is scheduled to be completed by 31 December 2019.
Further, according to the provisions made in the Circular No. 11 of 10 January 2007 of the Ministry of Highways, the compensation on statutory value of the land and buildings are allowed to be increased up to 40 per cent of the valuations made thereon by the Land Acquisition and Resettlement Committee.
1.1 Implementation, Objectives, Funding, and Duration of the Project
As per Section 16(1) of the National Audit Act No.19 of 2018, the Company is required to maintain proper books and records of all its income, expenditure, assets and liabilities to enable annual and periodic financial statements of the Company to be prepared.
(d) Even though the cash outflow of the Employees Gratuity Fund during the year 2012 amounted to Rs. 1,165,710, it had been shown in the cash flow statement as Rs.1,204,000.
As at the end of the year under review, there were discrepancies of Rupees 182,451 between the balances according to the financial statements and the balances according to the schedules, relating to 03 items of the accounts.
The Audit of financial statements of the Strategic Cities Development Project for the year ended 31st December 2018 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Section II (B) (3) of the Financing Agreement No.5428-LK dated 12 September 2014 and Additional Financing Agreement No.5800-LK dated 20 July 2016 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the International Development Association.
Required evidence should be documented while certification of payment voucher.
(b) Particularly the withdrawals from and replenishments to that Account during the year ended 31 December 2010 had been truly and fairly disclosed in the books and records maintained by the Project and the balance as at 31 December 2010 had been satisfactorily reconciled with the accounting records of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka as at that date,
(iii) Section 2(4)(i)(e) Action had not been taken to provide equipment required to produce and to show the films to ensure the higher standards of the films for over a period of 08 years.
Five items of accounts totalling Rs. 179,815,765 could not be satisfactorily verified in the audit due to the non-submission of the required information.
The average usage of such aircraft is 12 hours per day.
The money not collected by the officers from the lists of rewards issued by the Department from time to time is credited to this account.
Depreciation ratio has been determined according to the relevant life span.
A difference of Rs.2,558,048 was shown between the arrears of revenue as at 31 December 2017 and the arrears of revenue that existed as at that date in the P.S. format 07 relating to 05 items of revenue.
That action should be taken to recover the film rental contribution from the Film Corporation
A comprehensive detailed action plan highlighting financial and physical targets with fixed responsibilities  monthly, quarterly, biannually etc. had not been prepared and implemented by the Project to ensure the achievement of Project objectives using allocated resources within the scheduled period.
The Standard Current Ratio of safe institution should be 2.1.
As necessary information had not been presented, 07 items of accounts worth Rs. 46,107,398 could not be satisfactorily verified in the audit.
The recovery of the past due debtors balance appeared uncertain.
(a) Even though a sum of Rs. 38,136,018 deposited in the Centre by clients for the implementation of different projects had been invested in seven-day call deposits since the year 2004 without investing them on the relevant projects, the approval of the Director Board had not been taken in that regard.
As a result, revenue was understated by similar amount.
As register of counterfoil books had not been kept safe, 2 receipt books had got misplaced.
(d) According to the accounting policy of the Company, the depreciation should be calculated on reducing balance method but contrary to that, the depreciation had been made on straight line method.
Rehabilitation and Improvement of Dharmasoka Mawatha
(b) The stock of assets of 100 categories valued at Rs. 1,901,290 remaining non-moving for about 03 years had been included in the stock of agricultural equipment.
(b) Sixteen unbudgeted works valued at Rupees 11,054,847 had been implemented during the year under review.
However, the financial statements of the Project had been prepared for the year ended 31 December 2015 and presented for audit.
(a) The Company had made adjustments directly to the trial balance, without keeping proper accounting records when making adjustments.
Four stalls were not utilized and even though the rear section of 05 stalls were being used for residential purposes, the Sabha had not taken action in this regard.
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, and for such internal control as what Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
That machine had not been utilized even up to the end of the year under review.
Action should be taken to revise the staff.
However, it was revealed in the audit that in the Aura System (stock system) peculiar spare parts relating to A 340 air crafts were Rs. 728 million.
As a result, the Project had taken action to award fresh contracts to 04 other contractors in 2018 to install Treatment Units to mitigate the delays that occurred.
(a) A difference of Rs. 33,610 existed between the balances of financial statements and the schedules with respect to 04 items of account.
(a) In recruiting for 02 posts of works Overseers, the accuracy of the certificate forwarded had not been confirmed through the institutions they awarded.
(a) Significant variances ranging from 12 per cent to 89 per cent were observed between the budgeted and the actual figures of 05 items of revenue and 05 items of expenditure in the year under review.
1.2.2. Non-compliance with Laws, Rules, Regulations and Management Decisions
However, action had not been taken by the Program to recruit an Internal Auditor to enable the establishment of proper monitoring mechanisms over the activities of the Program.
Financial Regulations 571 (2) of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka
(c) Repurchases could be made within a period of 06 months only based on the prices of a contract supplier.
It was 8 per cent of the total arrears related to previous years.
Need to recognize the assets procured by Project and update the Fixed Assets Register.
The age analysis had not been furnished for the accounts receivable of Rs. 2,542,066 out of the accounts receivable amounting to Rs. 90,969,435 as at 31 December of the year under review.
Balance stocks to be recovered further had not been shown in the balance sheet as a balance.
A Value Added Tax amounting to Rs. 74,790 relating to the constructions of the bio gas unit had been overpaid to the contractual company.
(f) The Penetiyana Carbonic Fertilizer Project commenced in the year 2010 with the objective of popularizing the production of carbonic fertilizer had been closed down in the year 2012.
(g) Even though stock excess of Rs. 1,421,951 and stock shortages of Rs. 63,169 existed according to the verification of the closing stock of the year under review, those had not been adjusted.
Implementation, Objectives, Funding and Duration of the Project According to the Loan Agreement, the Ministry of Highways, Ports and Shipping, presently Ministry of Roads and Highways is the Executing Agency and Road Development Authority is the Implementing Agency of the Project.
Even though the ad-hoc sub imprest should be settled immediately after the completion of the purpose number of 31 ad-hoc imprest had been settled with considerable period of delay ranging from 20 days to 155 days by 10 officers.
Further, according to the progress reports made in December 2017, no physical progress had been reported on 64 design tasks, out of 154 design tasks required to be completed as at 31 December 2017, due to shortage of Design Engineers deployed by the Project and the contractor.
(b) In terms of the section 153(2) of the Customs (Amendment) Act, No. 83 of 1988, regulations have been made in such manner to enable the allocation of 50 per cent of the balance of fines income for the Reward Fund once all expenses are deducted and to distribute them to officers and informants as gifts.
According to the schedule 03 of the Financial Agreement the Project, the activities of the Program were scheduled to be implemented to achieve 09 Disbursement Link Results through 33 Disbursement Link Indicators.
Further, balance confirmation was not received to the audit in respect of bank balance to verify the accuracy of the cash balance.
However, according to the information made available to the audit, following instances of non-compliance with the above operating instructions were observed.
The balance of the revenue contribution to capital outlay account and the balance of the grant contribution to capital outlay account should be equal to the value of the fixed assets but a difference of Rs.983,387 was observed.
(h) Whether the financial statements had been prepared on the basis of Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards,
(a) The total provision of Rs.47,650,000 made for 07 development activities in the Budget for the year 2012 had been used.
The balance amount of Rs. 147.55 million had been paid based on the recommendations of the Land Acquisition Resettlement Committee.
Action must be taken against the responsible parties.
(iv) According to the audit inspection carried out in July 2010, it was observed that those machines were not in operations and only a few numbers of workers (03 to 05) were engaged in some manual productions.
Actions will be taken to investigate and report further on the non-accounting of the value of this trailer under the cars and carts in the financial statements.
Cemeteries had not been secured by erecting fences since the inception of the Sabha up to 12 January 2018.
Accounting systems not complied with the Accounting Standard.
The necessary development activities of the cemeteries also had not been carried out.
The said contracts were submitted to the Japan International Cooperation Agency for concurrence and approval by the Project Director through External Resource Department and through the Line Ministry.
As a result, a loss of Rs. 1.54 million had been incurred to the Regional Director of Health Services, Kilinochchi but, in this regard loss had not been recovered from relevant officers.
This Project is implemented under the Loan Agreement No. SL-P 90 dated 28 March 2007 entered into between Japan Bank for International Cooperation presently, known as Japan International Cooperation Agency and the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
The Institute had not paid attention to carry out repairs to the vessels which could be used for the benefit of the people in the area.
(a) Eleven cheques which were written and signed in November and December 2018 amounting to Rs. 313,068 were still in hand even by 01 February 2019.
(a) The Small-scale tea growers in Galle district use traditional methods in preparation and maintenance of tea nurseries, due to lack of necessary training, infrastructure facilities, technical knowledge and other assistance to the Small-scale tea cultivators.
Action will be taken to recommence the works.
(d) An effective course of action had not been taken for the recovery of a debtor balance of Rs.6,445,758 remaining in the accounts receivable for more than 06 years.
A sum of Rs. 2.4 million had been irregularly collected by the Principal from the students of Vavuniya Nelukkulam Kalaimagal Vidyalayam during the period from the year 2012 to 2015.
The income was understated by Rs. 2,688,371 in the accounts.
Action had not been taken until 28 June 2019 with regarding the 20 unserviceable vehicles for long period by the Provincial Department of Irrigation.
A Procurement Plan had not been prepared in terms of Section 4.2.1 of the Procurement Guidelines.
In addition, the physical progress of the other 99 Budget Line Activities implemented at a cost of Rs. 166.7 million had not been evaluated individually by the Project and shown in the progress reports.
Actions should be taken to acquire the lands.
(f) National Budget Circular No. 142 dated 31 December 2008 of the Minister of Finance and Planning
The estimated total cost of the Project amounted to Rs. 4,336 million and the entire cost of the Project is financed by the Government of Sri Lanka.
According to the progress reports, the activities carried out by the Project had been substantially completed at the end of the year under review.
(a) The monthly rent of two rooms at the Bingiriya and Bowatte shopping complex owned by the Sabha had not been decided on a valuation report.
Therefore, the audit was unable to ascertain the accuracy of such balances.
Procurement Plan for works and services had not been prepared.
Whether satisfactory measures had been taken by the management to rectify the issues highlighted in my previous year audit report, and
The steps should be taken to rectify the classification errors.
Even though a donation of Rs.50,000 had been paid to the Puttalam District Foundation for the Commemoration of Protus Tissera, the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers for that had not been obtained.
Provincial Specific Development Grants (PSDG)
A balance amounting to Rs. 297,303 that had been brought forward for several years as other reserves under capital and reserve in the statement of financial position prevailed and information to substantiate this balance was not presented to the Audit.
(ii) Differences in registers and schedules
According to the Financial Regulation No. 626, accounts of each project should be prepared based on separate accounting records of the project maintained in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
No action had been taken to take over the new bus stand stalls and Yakwila Sathi Pola Sabha constructed under the Deyata Kirula Development Program in 2014.
The urban infrastructure development activities of the Participatory City Regions of Kandy, Galle and Jaffna were scheduled to be implemented by the Project and the following observations are made thereon.
(d) Public Administration Circular No.30/2016 dated 29 December 2016.  72,570 Estimates had been obtained for internal vehicle repairs prior to dismantling the vehicle and as such extra expenditure had to be incurred.
(b) The total assets to the total liabilities ratio of the Corporation for the year under review and the preceding year were 1.3.
(e) A fumigation machine provided to a Government Office as a donation amounting to Rs. 180,000 had been brought to account as an asset even by the end of the year under review.
(b) The signatures had not been obtained in the register of issuing of cheques, when handing over 10 cheques valued at Rs.954,981 to the recipients.
(c) Even though the objective of the Project is to carry out activities relating to exploration of gem deposits in 8 provinces of the Island within the four years period, the exploration activities were being carried out only in the Monaragala District of the Uva Province up to the date of 31st December 2012.
However, some of the repairs identified at the time of the return of the aircraft were carried out on both engines.
However, no corresponding information to prove the physical progress achieved thereon had been made available in the respective files.
Expenditure amounting to Rs.3,129,246 incurred by the Corporation on the Deyata Kirula Exhibition in the year under review could not be vouched in audit due to the unavailability of relevant supporting documents.
However, the internal circulars/ guidelines in respect of implementation of Sustainable Development Goals had not been issued.
Efficiency Bar examination had been conducted extraneous to the objectives and the role of the Company and an income of Rs. 1,134,720 had been generated.
Kandy City Region Urban Interventions
(c) If economically reasonable rent is charged for the Government quarters, a new assessment should be obtained from the Department of Valuation to recover economic rent accordingly, in terms of instructions of the Finance Commission Circular No.FC/2/2005 dated 15 July 2004. Nevertheless, the rental had been charged from all Government quarters on the basis of an assessment made dated 21 February 2000.
Even though by-laws should be enacted to perform ‍24‍ main activities under the Section 126‍ of the Pradeshiya Sabha act, by-laws had been enacted only for 12‍ activities by ‍31‍ December ‍2017.
Even though, a land had been purchased by spending Rs.6 million on 16 May 2017 to construct a Solid Waste Management Centre, the construction works of that centre had not been planned even by the end of the year under review and the disposal of bio degradable waste is being carried out by digging pits in private lands and burying it.
(h) The value of computers and accessories amounting to Rupees 755,500 had been indicated in the accounts as Rupees 75,550.
In addition to that, a sum of Rs. 841.98 million had been claimed by the contractor for the interest cost.
(a) Even though trade debtors' and trade creditors' balances of a company closed down in the year 2002 amounting to Rs.22,375,918 and Rs.48,602,070 respectively existed as at 31 December 2012, action had not been taken for the settlement of the balances.
As per the Loan Agreement, the estimated total cost of the Project amounted to Euro 45.80 million equivalent to Rs. 7,564 million.
Part B - Rehabilitation and Replacement
(n) Even though the bills for penalties relating to revenue item 50352 in the year had been Rupees 76,187, it was shown as an unfavourable value of Rupees 212,920 in the income and expenditure account.
The following are instances of non-compliance with the laws, rules, regulations, and management decisions observed in the audit.
(ii) A written agreement had not been entered into and a written agreement on the nature of food supplied and the prices charged by the supplier had not been entered into.
(c) Action had not been taken to recover, the sums of Rs.45,200 and Rs. 2,640 recoverable from 11 fruit stalls and from a vegetable trade stall respectively and a sum of Rs. 55,737 receivable from 18 trade stalls of public market belonging to the Sabha for a number of years.
Work Reports and Information on Project Staff
The selected house was not used by the Additional Project Director and thus, later, another house has been rented.
(h) The value of miscellaneous stock as at the end of the year under review understated by Rupees 699,340 in the accounts.
A sum of Rs. 89,815 had not been recovered from 2 officers who had vacated the post and who had passed away.
Five types of revenue had been collected below to the budget ranging from the 12 to 52 percents due to follow incorrect mechanism while preparing the budget during the year under review.
The total of 03 items of revenue relating to 03 programmes of the year under review amounting to Rs. 5,450,373 had been understated in the accounts.
National Water Supply and Drainage Board is the Implementing Agency of the Project.
The Company had not considered the above report.
(c) Section 6 (a) (1) of the Agreement entered into in the establishment of Management Trust on 10 August 2010.
As a result, the annual targets to be achieved had not been determined.
In addition, the arrears due by December 31, 2018 was Rs. 24,470,052.
Deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of the audit were brought to the notice of the Commissioner General of Excise from time to time.
It was observed that a Design and Project Monitoring Consultant had been deployed by the Project Monitoring Unit under contract basis without the approval the Department of the Management Service and remuneration amounting to Rs. 4.70 million had been paid during the year under review.
Of the US $ 20 million equivalent of Rs. 27,507 million provided by the Lending Agency, even after 4 ½ years since the commencement of the project on 31 December 2018, only US $ 5,638.31 million equal to US $ 36.28 million had been utilized which is only 18 percent of the total allocation.
Despite that, the engine of the cab vehicle belonging to the Sabha had been repaired by incurring Rs. 1,276,600 on 27 March 2014 and about 50,000km had been run, the engine of the vehicle had broken down on 10 August 2010.
(a) Instead of purchasing at the end of the course, 16 equipment had been purchased after 03 years at a higher price thus resulting in a loss of Rs. 14,480.
Only a sum of Rs. 1,749,780, had been recovered from the arrears of rates amounting to Rs. 7,436,958 in the previous year.
The outstanding revenue of Rs. 56.8 million as at 31 December of the preceding year had increased up to Rs.67.4 million by 31 December of the year under review.
(g) Management Services Circular No. 34 (1) of 01 June 2009
Nine vacancies relating to 07 posts in the Tertiary levels, Secondary level, and primary level had existed in the year under review while 07 employees relating to 04 primary level posts and 03 community hall labourers posts not included in the approved cadre had been deployed in excess in the service.
2400 copies of annual reports for the years 2009 and 2010 had been printed by spending Rs. 188,700 without obtaining approval of the Cabinet of Ministers
Subsequent plans should be implemented according to the Project activities.
(iii) Non-preparation of Pradeshiya Sabha 19 report.
Accordingly, at the end of lease Hi-Fly returned the aircraft to Sri Lanka.
In preparing the financial statements, Management is responsible for assessing the Fund’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intend to liquidate the Fund or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Internal audit plans should be prepared, the audit should be done accordingly and the reports should be submitted to the Auditor General.
Upon observation that development work was being carried out during the unauthorized period, the relevant company was informed to stop them immediately.
There were 10 designers with the Centre and a target of a minimum number of 05 designs per month had been set for each designer.
Identifying the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements whether due to fraud or error and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to mitigate risks caused by frauds or errors by designing appropriate audit procedures in the assessment are based on my opinion.
Global Partnership Project on Output-based Aid - 2017
Some procurement activities have been replaced and some other works cannot be carried out, due to the ongoing Greater Kandy Sewerage Project.
(d) Although the Ceylon Fisheries Corporation had provided ice blocks from the year 2017 onward, action had not been taken to obtain any charge from that income to the Trust.
According to the information received, the contract for the construction of the Highway had been awarded on 21 February 2013 at a cost of Rs. 66,690 million to a foreign company selected in unsolicited basis under the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers granted on 31 January 2013.
Possibility to extend the period of the contract
Further, cadre positions of the posts of Manager Environment Conservation, Development and Community Coordinator, Computer Data Operator and Service Assistant that included in the Human Resource Plan had not been approved by the Department of Management Services.
According to the information received, it was scheduled to acquire 288 plots of land.
Actions should be taken to fill the relevant vacancies.
As such how effective the new designs produced had been, was problematic.
The development activities for land blocks had been carried out relating to 06 developments of housing properties of 23 acres, 02 roods, and 13.8 perches and had been sold without the approval of the Sabha.
(a) Even though the period of the Loan had been closed on 12 November 2015, the period of the Project had been extended up to 12 May 2017 due to delays in completion of the works under the Project.
Non-current assets overstated in financial account due to when preparing the Financial Statement, opening balance of non-current assets carried forwarded erroneously by the Rural Development Department.
The audit of financial statements of the Reconstruction of 25 Bridges Project for the year ended 31 December 2018 was carried out under my direction in pursuance of provisions in Article 154(1) of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka read in conjunction with Article 1 of the Loan Agreement No. 886 dated January 2014 entered into between the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development.
51 by-laws have been adopted and 42 of them are standard by-laws.
(D) The loans given for the production of the film 'Wekanda Walawwa' and the interest thereon as on December 31, 2018 amounted to Rs. 3,525,795 and although the film is owned by the National Film Corporation of Sri Lanka, the film has been shown on television from time to time.
Providing Marketing Facilities for New Designs
Although, the Sabha was aware of the Agenda of 2015-2030 Sustainable Development Goals, 07 projects under Development of Isolated Villages Programme in view of the objectives of poverty alleviation and alleviation of hunger, establishing food protection, improvement of nutrition and protection of healthy lives had been implemented.
The above Aircraft had been given to Hi-Fly Transporter on a sub–lease basis from June 2017 to September 2018.
(c) Even though requests were made to produce the documents to audit in support of the payment of cargo examination fees relating to the Bonds and Baggage Division from February to April 2012, such information was not produced even up to October 2013.
The Sabha had appointed an officer for internal audits, but that officer had been entrusted with other duties as well.
Although physical progress of 47% of the improvement work was expected to be achieved by the end of the year under review, the physical progress achieved was only 29%.
However, the cadre of the Company had been approved as a total staff without identifying the senior, middle and lower level or separate service categories.
An analysis of the improvement of the financial result is given below.
The lands and buildings of the Sabha had not been inspected, at least once a year.
Under statements/ over statements of current assets and liabilities.
The value of 13 motor vehicles currently in use by the Corporation had not been included in the Register of Fixed Assets as well as the financial statements.
In my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in the Table 2 of my report, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Project as at 31 December 2018, financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Sri Lanka Public Sector Accounting Standards.
(c) Public Enterprises Circular No. PED/25 of 29 June 2004 and Public Finance Circular No. PF/PE/9 of 27 June 2006
The soft skills development needs identified for a long term in Northern Province and it is impossible to implement as there were no enough financial facility for last years.
Requirements should be identified at the initial stage for efficient use of borrowed funds.
Due to the failure to recover Rs. 273,573 of rates, Rs. 318,445 acreage tax and Rs. 66,000 business tax during the year, those amounts were shown as arrears in the accounts at the end of the year under review.
According to the financial statements as at the end of the year under review, the value of the balances of accounts payable totalled Rs. 30,064,433 and a sum of Rs. 9,370,941 out of that had not been settled for over a period of one year.
(b) A Foreman of the Sabha had recorded his arrival in the office only on Mondays and Wednesdays in the year 2017.
Out of the printing expenditure of the year under review amounting to Rs. 393,049,086, a sum of Rs. 178,802,547 had been paid without inviting bids.
The tendency of mismanagements relating to the use of government assets has also been increased resulting in unquantifiable losses due to inadequate attention on the management of government assets.
2. Statement of write off from the book and recoveries under Financial Regulations 109 during the year
D. G. S. A. 4 - Capital Expenditure by Project (for each program)
Accordingly, all the FR 66 transfers made and supplementary allocations provided until 10.10.2015 are cancelled.
Submission of Arrears Revenue Reports for Government Buildings and Houses Rent “20.02.01.01” - 30.06.2019
Establishments Circular Letter No 234 dated 09.03.1977 regarding the educational qualifications included in Schemes of Recruitment and other alternative educational qualifications which can be made applicable for the purpose.
II. A senior officer nominated by the Secretary to the Treasury - Member
The Audited Appropriation Account will be distributed by the Auditor General in the following manner.
I confirm that the above information compares with the approved budget estimates, annual cash limits and other relevant ledger balances and has been submitted in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 4 of Treasury Operations Circular 05/2017.
Differences, if any between the above balances
If the particulars indicated are found to be false or incomplete, respective Head of Department / Institution and officers who prepared and checked these lists are responsible and further shall be subjected to disciplinary actions.
2.4. Final Treasury Accounting Statements for the year 2017 will be published on the website of this Department and a certified original of the same will be issued on a formal written request of respective Ministry/Department or District Secretariat.
Your attention is drawn to the Circular No. 01/2015 dated 30.06.2020 and to the Circular dated 20.07.2015 (http://www.treasury.gov.lk/documents/10181/48918/fpd-2015-01E/f3024803-b9ab-4cd3-aaf9-3b82a4e7ee5c?version=1.0) issued by the Department of Fiscal Policy and the revisions made to the same.
02. Please take necessary actions to inform all the officers of your institution as well as the institutions under you in this regard.
Total cash generated from financing activities
11. Decision of the Director General of Combined Service shall be the final decision with regard to the provisions not mentioned in this Circular.
Name of the Ministry / Department / District Secretariat: -
Payment of Allowance to Officers who participated in the “Deyata Kirula”  National Development Exhibition
Achieving these sustainable development goals is directly related to budget allocations.
Due to the abolishing of several ministries or assigning their subjects to new Ministries, the responsibility of closing down the official bank accounts and imprest accounts not mentioned in Annexure 03, after reconciliation, also lies with the new Ministries indicated in Annex 2.
(ii) Total Receipt (under 011)
Line Ministries are expected to prepare the budget estimates within the allocated ceilings (Details are given in Annexure II).
The decision regarding the payment of all other compensations shall be determined by a Board consists of Commissioner of Elections, a representative from The Director General of Establishments and a representative from The Director General of Public Finance.
All Heads of State Banks including the Central Bank of Sri Lanka,
Personal Emoluments and Operating Payments
In addition, all Chief Accounting Officers and Accounting Officers should ensure that sufficient budgetary provisions are available under the relevant object code in making commitments.
Ex: Indicate “Dept” if Departmental post
Proposed Budgetary Ceilings for 2019 Budget
If further instructions are required in this regard, the Department of Treasury Operations can be contacted.
Ex:- In the case where an officer in Grade I of Public Management Assistants’ Service, who was receiving a salary of Rs. 33894/- along with an adjustment allowance of Rs. 910/- under Grade I in Salary Scale MN 2 - 2016 from 01.01.2018, is granted a promotion to the Supra Grade of the same service on 01.03.2018, such officer should be placed on the Salary Point of Rs. 34,757/- in the Salary Scale MN 07 - 2016 and further paid an adjustment allowance of Rs. 593/-.
Your attention is drawn to the Budget Circular No 1/2016 on procuring vehicles to Government Agencies under Operational Leasing Method.
02. A special programme has been planned for Thursday, the 1st, January being the first working day of Year 2015, with the participation of all public servants, emphasizing the necessity of inculcating an attitudinal change in all public servants for committing to transform Sri Lanka as an emerging economy in Asia.
03. Apart from the amendments mentioned in paragraph 02 above, other provisions of Public Administration Circular No: 04/2006 shall remain unchanged.
7:1 An interim allowance specified at paragraph 04 or 06 above should be paid as applicable to the employees serving on temporary basis.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Cabinet of Ministers at its Meeting held on 19.06.2018 regarding the Note to the Cabinet by the Hon. Minister of Finance and Mass Media on Report on Public Sector Cadre for the First Quarter of the Year 2018, the following instructions have been given after discussion.
It has been decided at the meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers held on 27.08.2019 to extend the period of concession which has been granted up to 30.06.2019 to all the officers to acquire the official language proficiency, up to 30.06.2020.
02. The revisions made in respect of inquiry officers indicated in the list of names published by above Circulars are mentioned in Schedule No. 02.
Actions have already been taken to further divide the expenditure ceiling, allocated by the Appropriation Act for 2018 on a quarterly basis.
ACA-1(iii) Explanation of Variance between Actual Revenue and Revised Revenue Estimate
In this regard, a format has been developed to capture all possible information and a copy of the format is attached herewith as Annexure I.
02. Restricting the carrying of polythene bags of above 20 micron thickness, other related products, and plastics into office premises as much as possible and restricting the selling of such products
26. Reasons for requesting a transfer:
The value of this column should be the same as the values given in column 11 of Form No: TOD / IMP / 1.
a)Basic information of each Divisional Secretariats, already included and cannot be changed
Since this revision of salaries is made under 5 phases, the conversion of salaries should be made in accordance with the conversion table mentioned in Schedule II.
Treasury Authorized advance Accounts Limits
Hence, it is imperative that appropriate action is taken to improve the efficiency of the capital investment over the medium term budgetary framework.
1.1 Personal Accident Cover Employee - Rs. 2,000,000.00 for Accident Death
When calculating the senior-level service period, an officer should apply only the active service period served in a senior-level post in that institution.
Pre-arrangements required, to facilitate the settlement of all sub imprest issued to sub-offices and other imprest issued for officers by the Treasury on or before 4th January 2019, should be made.
My No.: PA/CS/6/2/ Union Meetings
04. Relevant pension circular shall also be issued by the Director General of Pensions to be effective from 01.01.2015 adjusting pensions of the retired public servants in accordance with the above new salary circular and further rectifying all the anomalies in the pension.
4.2 Post held as at the said date given above:
III. If the injury results in permanent and partial disablement,
A. C. A. - 2 (iii)
As per the State Accounts Circular 232/2013,
Granting No Pay Leave to satisfy the requirement of proficiency in English Language when leaving the country for foreign Employment
Accordingly, you should prepare the Revenue Account for the year 2017 separately for each Revenue Code assigned to your institution using the attached DGSA-Revenue 1 and DGSA-Revenue 2 specimen forms based on the figures given in the Statements of Accounts.
This code number should be noted on every document submitted regarding debit / credit to this account until the account is closed and the accounting process is completed.
Increase in the percentage of women who have obtained the National Vocational Training Certificate (NVQ) and the number who have applied for jobs in the technical vocational field
The officers who enter the Public Service in English Medium should acquire the official language proficiency as follows.
Public Administration Circular No 46/90 (III) dated 15.01.2010
Instances where the request of the officer has not been fulfilled
(7) Total of Claims disallowed by the Donor, during 2018 (if any), in respect of Claims for 2017 or prior years (if any)
03. Above revisions shall be effective from 01.01.2013.
Total of Reimbursement Claims made during the year 2014, in respect of years 2013 and prior years (if any)
Officers who have fulfilled at least one of the following qualifications should apply for the Oral Test for Official Language Proficiency on the website of the Department of Official Languages www.languagesdept.gov.lk.
Minute of Public Management Assistants’ Service published in the Gazette extra ordinary No. 1372/23 dated 24.12.2004 has come into effect from 01.01.2004.
Annual Reconciliation Statements of Public Officers' Advance "B" Account as at 31.12.20..... in terms of Financial Regulations 506 (D)
Revision of pension in accordance with Budget Proposals 2019
Accounting & Auditing Standards Cess Levy
Signature and Name of Chief Financial Officer /Chief Accountant / Head of Finance
To all Secretaries of Ministries, Heads of Departments, District Secretaries, Divisional Secretaries
Age analysis of Loans/ Advance balances to be received (From the deceased officer)
Entrusting duties belonging to the Posts of Public Management Assistants’ Service to Officers in the Development Officers’ Service
Determining the value of vehicle import permit on concessionary terms which is granted to the public officers at the time of retirement as per Public Administration Circular 22/99 dated 08.10.1999, on a specific date to be applied for all foreign currencies.
The Cash Book debit balance as at 31st December 20.... of the Project is Rs. ......... ........... ; Please credit this balance to Deputy Secretary to the Treasury *account No.2026450 at Bank of Ceylon Taprobane Branch/ Deputy Secretary to the Treasury * account No.014-1-001-3-0110432 at People's Bank Union Place Branch and issue a debit advice.
National Lotteries Board and other transfers
Note - 10 Rehabilitation and Improvement of Capital Assets
(Loan balances to be settled to Ministries/ Departments)
The originals of Advance Accounts should be forwarded to the Auditor General with copies to the Department of State Accounts and Department of National Budget.
This would facilitate the preparation of medium-term budgetary framework of the government.
Further, I also agree to be bound by the rules imposed by the Director of Sri Lanka Institute of Development Administration on conducting the examinations.
No financial transaction should be made for the year 2018 thereafter.
B.VII Vans with seating capacity not exceeding 16
4. Post held as at the date on which the injury occurred:-
Estimates of Revenue for the Year 2021
2:1 Transfer from one Ministry to another Ministry
The Department of Pensions should enter the confirmation of the relevant payment of retirement pension/death gratuity to its website.
04. Since, this examination is only for satisfying the professional qualification of the officers, educational qualification required to be absorbed to Sri Lanka Information and Communication Technology Service as per the provisions in 8.1.1. of the above Service Minute and 5.1 (i) of Public Administration Circular No. 04/2011 shall be satisfied within the concessionary period specified in Section 05 of the said circular.
15. Date on which the matter was referred to the medical board:-
Unregistered (Brand new) vehicles can be procured under this method within the price ceilings given in respect of the following categories
Supplementary Medical Officers’ Service and Para Medical Service
Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery and Corruption
Your attention is drawn to the Public Administration Circular No. 22/99 on “Official Transport Facilities to Public Officers/ Judicial Officers/Officers in Public Corporation and Statutory Boards” dated 08.10.1999 and Circulars issued revising the provisions of the said Circular.
4. Double (Mitral and Aortic) Valve replacement
Further, applications for mutual transfers should not be entertained from 01st July 2013 to 31st of December 2013.
Celebration of Vesak Festival of the year 2557 of Buddhist Era (B.E. 2557)
04 These provisions shall be effective from 05.09.2013.
(d) In case where the spouse is the only dependant the whole amount of compensation shall be paid to the spouse.
(iii) partial loss of sight in one eye
06.1.5.KPI for the tasks identified in 06.1.1 above.
5. Total claims for reimbursable foreign aid made during the year 2019 in respect of the year 2019
06. Deadlines for submission of information are given below.
A special Board of Survey appointed as per F.R 756(4) should identify the vehicles to be disposed and complete the said survey by 30.06.2015.
iii. To grant 06 sittings to complete the First Efficiency Bar Examination mentioned in the Service Minute of Sri Lanka Administrative Service No. 1419/3 dated 14.11.2015 for the officers who were recruited under the said service minute
Balance as per Bank Declaration dated 31.12.2019
Payment of premiums for vehicles procured under the operating lease scheme
3.9 Balances to be settled to the other Government Ministries/ Departments (Annexure 3.9)
2018 Cumulative Expenditure Budgetary as at end of May
The cash books for the year 2018 should be settled at the end of 31 December 2018 as follows.
The Returning Officer of the District shall submit the request for compensation forwarded either by the officer faced with the accident or the dependants of the officer along with the the report of the Medical Board, Police Report, Report of the Investigation Committee, any information regarding court cases and other legal activities on the accident, his recommendations and observations of any violations of laws or departmental rules and of any contributory negligence on the part of the officer and other relevant documents to the Commissioner of Elections.
Report on Collections and Waivers of Revenue Arrears as at 30.06.2020
(d) The approval of the Deputy Secretary to the Treasury should be obtained for the payment of combined allowances in instances where the period stay overseas for study, training, discussions and conferences exceeds 30 days as indicated in above 3(a) or/and the period of stay overseas for official purposes representing the Government as mentioned in above 3(b) exceeds 15 days.
Further, when an officer has been appointed or promoted to a post in the combined service from another post in combined service, period of service in both services will be considered as total period of service.
(5) Total of Reimbursement Claims made during the year 2018, in respect of years 2017 & prior years (if any)
The Chairman of the Transfer Board is appointed by the Secretary to the Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs.
Treasury Authorized Final Accounting Statements as per the Closing of Accounts circular for the respective financial year issued by the Department of State Accounts should be downloaded through www.newcigas.treasury.gov.lk (Main Menu Final Treasury Accounting Statements) from the year 2019 onwards.
When the Salary Scales mentioned in schedule I are totally implemented, the pension of the officers, who retire after 01.01.2016, shall be revised accordingly and the instructions in this regard shall be issued in due course.
03. This Circular is issued with the concurrence of the General Treasury and National Pay Commission.
In addition to the hard copy of this Schedule, a soft copy should be sent to info@sad.treasury.gov.lk.
In terms of the provisions in Sub-Section 19:5, Chapter XLVIII, Volume II of the Establishments Code, names of the Disciplinary Inquiry Officers indicated in Schedule No. 01 attached herewith are newly included to the list of names of disciplinary inquiry officers published in Public Administration Circulars given below.
Amount in arrears relevant to year 2018
9. Submitting accounts to the Auditor General
Nurses’ Service/ Special Grade of PSM Service and Paramedical Service
Revision of Section 22, Chapter XII of the Establishments Code
ii. Recurrent Expenditure at 15 percent of GDP Government
Accordingly, action will be taken to release the required budget allocations.
Variance between Original Revenue Estimate and Revised Revenue Estimate
Annexure 02 shows how to amalgamate the expenditure heads of the expenditure that has already been incurred from the provisions of Ministries and Special Spending Units in terms of the Appropriation (Amendment) Act No. 1 of 2015, into new expenditure heads mentioned in Appropriation (Amendment) Act No. 15 of 2015 (In Annexure 02, "Project" specifies a project, classified under Budget classification.)
03. Work shifts may be arranged wherever possible to enable those officers/employees to take part in religious activities during these periods.
(c) Issuing a formal certificate by the Sri Lanka Institute of Development Administration for the employees who become qualified at the end of the training.
The examination fee for each level is as follows.
Statement of Losses that can be recovered, deducted or waived
You are informed to submit the Annual Reconciliation Statement for auditing on or before 31st March of the subsequent year from the 2017 using the following formats and instructions.
This question paper consists of multiple choice and target questions and knowledge on computer literacy shall be tested under below mentioned components.
The other conditions and provisions indicated in Public Administration Circular 01/2014 and all the circulars issued as revisions to the same shall remain unchanged.
(a) When requesting any allowance or reimbursement of an expense under the above 03, 04, 05 and 06 paras relevant approval, details of air travel which provide the basis for calculations of allowance/ expense and all other related documents should be submitted and all calculated amounts should be accounted as an expense at the time of making such allowance.
Candidates shall sit the examination in the examination hall assigned to him/her.
If any public institution seeks clarification and further instructions on the provisions of this Circular, such requests should be addressed to the Secretary, National Salaries and Remuneration Commission, Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall (BMICH), Bauddhaloka Mawatha, Colombo 07.
Signature of the Secretary of the Ministry/ Head of the Department
Special leave may be approved only in unavoidable circumstances.
Receipt of Allocations from Other Ministries / Departments - c
The salary and allowances paid to the staff of projects shall be continued without any change until an order is made by the Department of Management Services in this regard.
If any ceiling adjustment is required, the approval of the Department of National Budget and the Department of Treasury Operations has to be obtained.
The required format for the preparation of the Accounts
02. Provisions of the above circular shall also be applied to employees of State Companies fully owned by the Government of which salary schemes have been approved as per Management Services Circular No. 30 dated 22.09.2006 and Management Services Circular No.30 (1) dated 01.06.2009 and salaries are to be paid based on these schemes, accordingly.
Therefore, actual revenue and expenditure of the government are not reflected in the Republic Account.
The Spending Agencies have the freedom to allocate resources within the expenditure ceiling after setting aside funds required under items 4.2.2. (b) (i) and (ii) based on the government priorities.
02. Accordingly, no-pay leave to be spent in or out of the Island shall be approved for a maximum period of one (01) year for female officers serving in Public Corporations, Statutory Boards and Fully Government Owned Companies to obtain treatment for subfertility on the recommendations of a Consultant Obstetrician and Gynecologist.
In addition, it is required to send a separate set of printed copies of DGSA 8(i), 8(ii) and 8(iii) to the Director (Government Finance Statistics & Management Information) of the Department of State Accounts before 28th February 2015.
National Budget Circular 03 / 2019
Approval is hereby granted to pay an additional special allowance equivalent to the combined allowance to the officers not entitled for overtime payments, who have been engaged in the duties of “Deyata Kirula” National Development Exhibition 2013.
Accordingly, the names of the areas and offices should be indicated in order of preference.
For further clarifications on this Circular please contact Director, Macro and Accrual Accounts (Tel-0112484753) of the Department of State Accounts.
As a result of this, there is discontent about public service delivery among people.
The information on the progress of implementation should be constantly updated with proper follow up action and the progress reports should be sent to the General Treasury on requests.
Accordingly, it is the responsibility of all Chief Accounting Officers, Accounting Officers and all those engaged in procurement process to follow the instructions given in this circular for the procurement of vehicles.
10. Total claims for reimbursable foreign aid due on 31st December 2019
Note (ii) - Summary of Control Accounts for Advance & Deposit Accounts - 2015
07. Implementation of Budget proposals
Final Treasury Accounting Statement for the year 2014 shows only the cumulative figures regarding F.R. 66 and 69 transfers.
b) From the service station to his/her substantive service station after election duty,
The Cash Book debit balance as at 31st December 20..... of this Ministry / Department / District Secretariat is Rs. ...........; please credit this balance to Deputy Secretary to the Treasury *account No.2026450 at Bank of Ceylon Taprobane Branch / Deputy Secretary to the Treasury *account No.014-1-001-3-0110432 at People's Bank Union Place Branch and issue a debit advice.
Rent and Work Advance Reserve Account as on 31st December 2019
03. The other provisions mentioned in the National Budget Circular No. 03/2016 remain unchanged.
(i) Partial loss of speech
6. Percutaneous Transluminal Coronary Angioplasty (PTC)
For this purpose, the gross salary which shall be entitled to the said Salary Step under Public Administration Circular No. 06/2006 or the Circulars issued revising the above Circular as at 31.12.2015 shall be calculated first on a hypothetical basis.
Total of Reimbursement Claims outstanding as at 1st January 2014
02. As you are well aware, the General Treasury is developing a software system to integrate all financial transactions in order to provide efficient and effective financial solutions and information for spending agencies namely Integrated Treasury Management Information System (ITMIS).
Officers having an active service period of 11 years or more but less than 19 years
Applying for the Oral Test can be done on any date of the year, and in doing so candidates are required to follow the instructions referred to in Paragraph 04.1. (Specimen Application – Annexure 2)
Ministry/Department/District Secretariat in charge of the Expenditure Head
5.1 In accordance with the provisions of Article 150 (1) of the Constitution, as per the Appropriation (Amendment) Act, No. 15 of 2015, approved by Parliament on November 26, 2015, the relevant authorization licenses to be included in the Budget Estimates 2015 were signed by the Hon. Minister of Finance.
As per Section 16 of the National Audit Act No. 19 of 2018, the necessity for preparation of Annual “Financial Statements” including the Annual Appropriation Account, the Revenue Account and the accounts relating to Advance Accounts activities by every audited entity has been emphasized.
The Departments which have been identified as popular service stations according to the services are attached herewith.
2.3 Journal entries for correction of any erroneous accounting entries to be forwarded to the Treasury only in the event it is impractical to make entries to the summary of accounts using CIGAS programme of the respective Ministry, Department / District Secretariat.
The bank receipt should compulsorily be produced at the Listening Skills Assessment.
Further, available provisions should be utilized to settle existing commitments before making new commitments.
6.6 The officer who served the maximum period of service in the popular service station and satisfies the requirements indicated in sub-sections 6.4 and 6.5 can be transferred to fulfill the request for transfer made by an officer serving in an unpopular service station.
The difference as a percentage of the basic income estimate
Your attention is drawn to the Circular No. 249/2016 dated 11.04.2016 with regard to the General Deposit Account.
The Regional Director of Health Services shall appoint a Medical Board to determine the nature of the loss of earning capacity and/ or permanent deformity of the patient.
The provisions of the Establishments Code have been amended by the following Circulars out of the Public Administration Circulars issued from 01st January 2019 to 31st December 2019.
(d) Department of Treasury Operations will decide on the maximum cash ceiling for each quarter, taking into consideration the forecast imprest requirements.
Since Sri Lanka is a signatory party to the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, aligning of SDGs into development programs of the spending agencies are vital for the achievement of 17 goals, 169 targets and 244 indicators by 2030.
7.4 It is the responsibility of Head of the Department/the Secretary of the Ministry to place the relevant official date stamp on the duly completed applications handed over by the officer on the date of handing over itself, complete and certify the relevant section, indicate the date of certifying and send it to the prescribed address before the closing date.
The main objective of this process is to identify and localize the global agenda of Sustainable Development Goals, which are particularly relevant to the spending agency and focus on development strategies that directly support achieving the targets of such Sustainable Development Goals.
Therefore, with a view to avoid such situation, Departmental / Ministerial Transfers shall be made within the time frame mentioned under Para 7.1 and the decisions of the same shall be informed to the Director General of Combined Services before 31st July 2013.
If the increment date falls on 01.10.2006 and further the officer has earned the salary increment on that date, the Salary Step along with the salary increment shall be Rs. 18,330/-.
3.1 In preparation of Financial Statements of each Ministry/Department, it should be ensured that figures indicated therein should be tallied with the revenue, expenditure and main ledger balances as appeared in the Final Treasury Accounting Statements.
03. A monthly interim allowance should as follows be paid from November 2014 to all Officers and Pensioners of the Public Sector until such time, the salaries, allowances and salary increments of all officers are adjusted to commensurate with the new salary structure.
03) The matters mentioned in above 02) shall be made applicable only for the purpose of salary conversion and for all the other purposes, the true date of absorption into the Public Management Assistants' Service shall be made applicable.
Age analysis of Loans/Advance balances to be paid (Loan balances to be settled to Provincial Councils)
Providing relief to Public Officers considering the situation arisen due to new corona virus
For the period of .......... to ..........
Therefore, the chief accounting officers and accounting officers should plan to manage the expenses of their respective institutions from the beginning of the year, so as not to exceed the given expenditure limits.
Permanent and incurable paralysis of the limbs or injuries resulting in being permanently bedridden
Public Administration Circular No: 12/2005(IV)
With our Vision 'To be the Most Globally Recognized Knowledge Enterprise in South Asia' all of you at the University have strived hard in the past to achieve our aspiration and undoubtedly will continue in doing so in the New Year 2019 too.
1. After the approval of the University Grants Commission for the payment of special advances for the year 2019, the permanent employees working in this University will be able to receive a special advance not exceeding Rs. 4000 / - with interest.
Furthermore,  Allianz Insurance has issued a direct payment card for each member relating to "Residential and Hospitalization" coverage, and you are informed that your card can be obtained from the Welfare Division.
Money is allocated annually using up to Rs. 1 Million or 25% of Welconref fund (whichever is less).
Please note that these applications will be paid upon receipt of the circular instructions, and subsequent applications will be paid on January 29th.
05. Chairman - Trade Union Federation
Ceylon (Parliamentary Elections) Order in Council, 1946, which compiled the respective laws for the registration of electors and the conduct of Parliamentary elections, was promulgated on 26 September 1946.
Public Relations Division coordinates the public and the Department of National Archives by providing the services required by the public, both local and foreign to access archival material and publications in the repositories in the Department for purposes of information retrieval on subjects of social, economic, political and historical value.
National Building Research Organisation -
Under this, drinking water projects, culverts and small bridges and public facilities projects including gravel rehabilitation are to be implemented.
Road Section: Section from Sardapura to Trincomalee
Road Section: Omaragalla - Dambulla
Chairman of the Paddy Marketing Board, Mr. M.B. Dissanayake, Additional District Secretary, Mr. Saman Bandulasena, several officers and farmer representatives participated in the event.
Conservation means the wise use and management of biological resources for their inherent value and for the benefit of society, bearing in mind those future generations have as much right to those resources as our own.
4.On completion of inquiries into claims and objections conducted by the District Deputy/ Senior Deputy/ Assistant Commissioners of Elections and after inserting the names to be included and removing the names to be deleted, such amended electoral register is rechecked with the BC Forms handed over by the enumerators and then the “Draft Register” is exhibited at District Elections Offices, all Grama Niladhari Offices and on the web site of the Department, a week prior to the prescribed date for the certification of the electoral register.
Currently 31 livestock and crop integrated farms are maintained by the National Livestock Development Board.
You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Continue to listen to your portable radio for updates and advice
The ballot papers with valid preferences are then sorted out into the following three categories:
Ensuring the obtaining of reasonable prices for agriculture producers for their crops by providing targeted markets.
National Institute of Social Development Act No. 41 of 1992
Project Name/ RDA Division: 14/1 Thiruwanaketiya-Agalawatteroad B 421
The Ministry of Rural Economy was established in September 2015 with the vision of building a prosperous nation, sustainable development of rural people and uplifting their livelihood development and  economic and social status through income generation.
Main Activities - Research and Development
Ministry of Social Empowerment, Welfare and Kandyan Heritage
(C). At this stage, a recount may be requested from the Chief Counting Officer by agents who are not satisfied with the result and the maximum number of recounts so given is two.
Annual Transfer Appeals Document 2017 - (Social Service Officer, Social Development Assistant)
Therefore leaders of rival political parties contesting the election should also be given opportunities in similar programmes.
Name of Contract: Rehabilitation / Improvements to section of Mankulam - Mullaitivu Road A034 (from 38+500 to 49+100 km)
Norway’s new Ambassador to Sri Lanka Ms. Grete Lochen met the Minister of Environment Mr. Anura Priyadarshana Yapa on 11.12.2012.
On July 26, 2013, from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm, a group of trainees of the Sri Lanka Air Force visited the National Archives and acquired knowledge.
Enhancing, testing facilities to meet the increasing demand
Taking necessary steps for the promotion, expansion and development of livestock products
A significant portion of this falls into the category of single parent families.
Mrs. Pushpa Ranjani Abeygunawardena is a First Class Officer in the Sri Lanka Administrative Service.
2017 - Declared the Year of Poverty Alleviation
Annual Green Reporting Ceremony – 2012
The process of resettlement is proceeding apace now, with well over 120,000 persons having gone back to locations in the Northern Province.
Director - Veterinary Regulatory Affairs
Monitoring air, water, waste water, soil, noise and vibration,
Survey and conserve ola leaf documents and hand written documents available in places of religious worship in all parts on the island
Along the Thotapola Exploration trail we found four Nelu Flower species in bloom.
Increased growth rate of Southern Province GDP relative to national GDP
Once the breeder farm is registered, it is subjected to annual renewal.
At the moment 8 cows are kept as semen donors.
Mr. S. Senanayake is a Special Grade Officer of the Sri Lanka Administrative Service and an officer with enormous experiences in the Public Sector, having served in the regional administration establishments and as well as in several Ministries and Departments.
Close shutters, board-up or heavily-tape all windows
These functions assigned to our Ministry are carried out under four main areas.
Located in the Embilipitiya New Town in Embilipitiya Divisional Secretariat Division of Ratnapura District.
Research to identify the current needs and trends of people with disabilities
Encouraging the business community by providing a competitive marketing environment for wholesale traders.
Community based organisation management development
Encouragement to improve the quality of grain products
Altitude of the Hortorn Plains is 2,100–2,300 metres (6,900–7,500 ft).
Asian Development Bank/ Government of Sri Lanka
Please enter the e-mail address for your account.
The Department of Elections does not come under any Ministry, the inability to transfer any officer into or outside the department without the consent of the Commissioner of Elections,
The government's industrial strategy attempted to promote industrial exports during this period while pursuing closed economic policies.
Providing assistance to viharas undergoing economic difficulties
Colombo-Katunayake Expressway Project (25.8 Km)
Issue of identity cards and service certificates to Dhamma School teachers
Standardization Program for selected footwear products.
Providing assistance for building Dhamma School buildings
All Grama Niladhari Offices (with respect to the Grama Niladhari Division)
Chairman of the Paddy Marketing Board B. Dissanayake, Galgamuwa Electorate Organizer, Provincial Councilor Mohan Perera, Giribawa Divisional Secretary and several Ministers participated in the event.
Release of Bank money of deceased monks
Role of the Counselling Center and the services it performs
Appellate Procedure under the Gem and Jewellery Act under Section 15 of the Act
Please note that these Media Guidelines drafted on the basis of the guidelines issued at the previous elections were presented to the Heads of Media Institutions.
Rechecking - Recheck whether the number of ballot papers are 50 in every bundle and they belong to the particular party/ group.
Collect your emergency kits and mobile phone and lock your home on the way out.
Of these the more complex returns were to areas previously under the control of the LTTE in sections of Mannar and Vavuniya and in Kilinochchi and Mullaitivu.
Book binders are trained in government institutions.
Last Updated on Saturday, 03 April 2010, 11:03
This division is responsible for the Internal Administration of the department.
Providing cataract lenses and medical assistance to the visually impaired under the age of 60 years.
Therefore, after 16.10.2014, legal action will be taken against public and private buildings, public places and places of service not constructed / maintained in accordance with the above gazette notifications and the decisions of the Supreme Court.
09. When airing/publishing news or programmes which are not related to the election, such as official functions and events related to crimes, all media institutions should consult the parties involved for clarity, since such news/ programmes could promote or demote some candidate or a party.
Meeting local demand by improving high quality livestock products
To guide relevant authorities to establish and manage an efficient and effective system to regulate the access to biological resources and to ensure fair and equitable sharing of the benefits arising from the use of these resources
The extent of involvement in programme making
Planning, monitoring and evaluation of projects and programmes
The National Celebration on the occasion of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities which falls on 03rd December 2016 will be held under the patronage of His Excellency the President Maithripala Sirisena at the Pulathisipura National College of Education, Polonnaruwa.
Last Updated on Thursday, 24 December 2015 04:01
It also directly involves public participation in project identification, planning, implementation, monitoring, follow-up, management and maintenance.
The adult population of Sri Lanka was 9.3% in the year 2000 and it is estimated that it will be 27.6% by the year 2050.
The Commissioner of Elections shall fix the date of the nomination is a date “not less than sixteen days and not more than twenty days” from the date of publication of the order of the Commissioner of Elections in the gazette and
The Pension and Social Security Benefit Scheme is implemented to provide pensions to those who are not entitled to state pensions, financial assistance in case of emergency, disability cases and death.
03. Sometimes, the editorial opinions may seem confused and biased and therefore, electronic media are urged not to broadcast/telecast such opinions.
Duration of each course is 30 days and 5 courses are conducted every year.
Address:- Vidya Mawatha, Colombo 07
She joined the Sri Lanka Administration Service in the year 2000 and has worked for the Ministries of Healthcare Nutrition and Mass Media and Information.
Pinnaduwa to Matara & GPAR: 05%
Appeals under section 23E against the refusal, refusal to renew, suspension or cancellation of an environmental protection licence shall be lodged with the Secretary to the Ministry of the Minister in charge of the subject of Environment within thirty days after the date of the notification of be decision appealed against.
Conducting, advising and assisting institutions set up for persons with disabilities
Conducting the Dhamma School Teachers Certificate examinations
The Ministry is organized into three main functions which were previously assigned to the Ministry of Food Security, the Ministry of Rural Economy and the Ministry of Social Services and Livestock.
Cash prizes of Rs.100,000.00 each for two children with disabilities who have passed the Year 5 Scholarship, two students with disabilities who have been admitted to higher education and those who have submitted innovations for persons with disabilities, and the launch of a sign language dictionary about reproductive health for the need of speech impaired persons with the assistance of the International Population Fund is also a particularly significant event here.
Establishment of a technical cooperation program with the Government of Pakistan for the development of the Polonnaruwa Animal Farm owned by the National Livestock Development Board as a buffalo research center.
He delivered a comprehensive discussion on “How to Manage Tea Plantations while Conserving the Biodiversity” in the mountain areas.
National Highways Sector Project – Supplementary Loan: 105.6 Mn US$
Arrangements have been made to hold the National Celebration of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities which falls on the 3rd of December every year on Thursday, 03.12.2015 from 9.30 am at the auditorium of the National Co-operative Development Institutes, Polgolla, Kandy.
After completing the Project's preliminary work involves Land Acquisition & Resettlement works and Shifting of Utilities the construction started several years before.
Traffic, flooding and wind hazards can delay your travelling.
Last Updated on Tuesday, 21st March 2017 06:47
Providing assistance in the administration of properly of Buddhist religious places
Director - Livestock Planning and Economics
Sea Sand is used for the filling of the road embankment and soft ground treatment techniques are adopted where the ground conditions are poor.
Every person carrying on an industrial undertaking except an industry under BOI  should register the site or location at which such industrial undertaking is carried on.
Hambantota and Monaragala Districts are boundary districts of Embilipitiya town.
English newspapers - from 1832 onwards
ii. Planning and design of development projects based on economic importance
Registration of all Viharas in the island in the Department of Buddhist Affairs and recognition of Viharadhipathi position
Under the Divi Neguma Development Program implemented by the Divineguma Development Department, 10 major development programs will be implemented in 25 districts of the country as follows.
The inaugural ceremony of the purchase of paddy for the 2016 Yala season was held at the Warawewa Paddy Depot in Rajanganaya Farmers' Colony took place on August 22, 2016 under the leadership of Hon. Mr. P. Harrison.
All Local Authorities (with respect to the area of authority)
The Department of Buddhist Affairs has launched numerous projects mainly for the propagation of Buddha Sasana and for the maintenance of a righteous Buddhist society.
Registration of all Buddhist Viharas in the island in the Department of Buddhist Affairs
In 1977, the Board redesigned its objectives to focus on a rapid program to prevent the depletion of national livestock and to raise high quality cattle and buffaloes with the objective of both milk production and weight gain.
Trim any tree branches hanging over your roof.
Initiating a joint venture with the Government of New Zealand to train on dairy farm excellence
Badulla - Karametiya - Andaulpotha Road (0.0 - 48.0km)
Livestock Development Division consists of the following institutions.
Sri Lanka is considered to have one of the fastest growing adult population in South Asia.
Supervision and maintenance of attendance, credit, overtime and staff transportation costs
Serving of relatively short distant trips between existing and future growth centers.
Investigation of Ludwigia sedioides as a potential invasive aquatic plant in the wet zone
Further, more information can be obtained by visiting the page of Frequently Asked Questions and Answers.
Even though Sri Lanka has an extensive road network, most roads were built about 50 years ago and do not possess the capacity to cope with the increasing traffic volumes.
Establishment of new livestock investigation centers
The Road to Reconciliation 4 Overcoming constrictions and tyranny
Due to the strong linkage between trade policy and industrial policy, the Division plays an active role together with the Ministry of Trade, Commerce and Consumer Affairs in order to make maximum use of free trade agreements for the benefit of the industrial sector of the country.
Construction of a flyover at 100 feet road and bypass road junction in Hambantota hub development
12. All media should Refrain from publishing or broadcasting lectures, interviews, etc. with public officers which promote any contesting candidate or cause disadvantage to other candidates.
Approval has been given by the Divisional Secretariats to implement projects identified at the request of the rural community and the projects under the supervision and guidance of the District Secretaries.
Awareness creation on Vehicle Emission Testing
It seeks the direct participation of the people in the decision making process in the implementation of government policies.
